She took the book back to the library.	她把书带回了图书馆
You're too suspicious about everything.	您对什么都太怀疑了
The bus stop is near our school.	巴士站離我們的學校近
He made mistakes on purpose to annoy me.	他为了惹恼我故意犯错
These apples are very big.	这些苹果很大
She's already sleeping.	她已经睡下了
I agree with that opinion.	我同意那個意見
What is done cannot be undone.	覆水難收
Yesterday I played football.	我昨天踢了足球
The bookcase is level with the table.	书架和桌子齐平
Which book is yours?	哪本書是您的
Tom showed up just in time.	汤姆刚好准时到了
She backed her car into the garage.	她倒車進車庫
I tried to convince Tom to come home.	我试着说服汤姆回家
The world is full of idiots.	世界上都是白痴
I can seldom find time for reading.	我很少能抽出时间看书
He's three years older than her.	他比她大三岁
Release him.	放开他
On my way to the theater I saw a traffic accident.	在去剧院的路上
Are you still cold?	你还冷吗
I love drinking tea.	我很愛喝茶
Tom was popular.	汤姆挺受欢迎
What are your influences?	你的影响力是什么
It was terrible.	真糟糕
There's something that I want to tell you.	有件事情我要对你说
I heard someone call my name.	我聽見有人叫我的名字
I got the roller skates for nothing.	我免費得到溜冰鞋
Is anybody in there?	那边有人吗
We should sit down.	我們應該坐下
It is highly improper.	这实在不合适
Did you hear about what's happened to Tom?	你有没有听说汤姆出了什么事
The suspect's gender is currently unknown.	嫌疑犯目前性别不明
There's probably been a traffic accident.	可能是发生交通事故了吧
My hobby is collecting old toys.	我的嗜好是收集舊玩具
He has been sick for a week.	他病了一星期
Who do you usually go to the movies with?	你一般和誰去看電影
I'm incredibly tired.	我累死了
Can I sleep here?	我能在這裡睡覺嗎
I don't have a good feeling about this.	我觉得这没什么好
Are you going to come tomorrow?	你明天要來嗎
He gave me a lecture on drinking.	他因我喝酒而訓斥我
Here, catch!	这里
I will not allow you to use my pen.	我不允许你用我的钢笔
I'm eating rice.	我在吃米饭
We buy eggs by the dozen.	鸡蛋是论打买的
I'm going to bed. Good night.	我要睡觉了
Have you finished reading that novel?	你读完那本小说了吗
We took turns with the driving.	我們輪流駕駛
No, this isn't my car.	不是
We receive many telephone calls from abroad.	我們接到許多來自國外的電話
My parents' generation went through the war.	我父母那一代经历过战争
He is not religious.	他不信教
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.	牛在草地上吃牧草
I can work with anyone.	我能跟任何人工作
I broke a glass while I was cooking.	我做菜时打碎了个玻璃杯
I want to ask you some questions about Tom.	我想问你一些关于汤姆的问题
He is tall.	他高
My father's car is new.	我爸爸的車是新的
Einstein enjoyed playing the violin.	愛因斯坦喜歡拉小提琴
What movies are playing this week?	这周放什么电影
The conference ended at five.	會議在五點鐘結束
I'd like an orange juice.	我想要一杯柳橙汁
The house is haunted.	這房子鬧鬼
Skip it.	不管它
You should have completed it long ago.	你们很久前就应该完成了
Stick with it and you'll succeed.	堅持下來
Opinions vary from person to person.	观点因人而异
"I feel like playing cards." "So do I."	“	我想打牌
Let me get my violin.	让我拿一下我的小提琴
He is afraid of snakes.	他怕蛇
I'll dream about you.	我会梦到你的
What did you do with my glasses?	你用我的眼鏡做了什麼
Don't be so childish.	不要那么幼稚
How is your new class?	新的班级怎么样
I can hope for a miracle, can't I?	我能期待奇迹
I want your love.	我要你的愛
English is taught in most countries.	英語在大部份的國家被教授
Tom is a strong guy.	汤姆是个很强壮的人
I'm going to miss Tom so much.	我会很想汤姆
The old man died from hunger.	這位老人死於飢餓
This article is nonsense.	這文章是胡說
I don't often do that by myself.	我不經常自己去做
We often hear it said that the Japanese are good workers.	我们经常听说日本人工作勤奋
That was years ago.	那是好幾年前
We have two daughters.	我们有两个女儿
He is proud of having been educated in the United States.	他对自己在美国读过书这件事感到很骄傲
I've lost a little weight.	我瘦了一點
Can I see that one?	我能看那個嗎
She said that she was a little tired.	她说她有点累了
Tom knew he should help Mary.	湯姆知道他該幫瑪麗
He seldom comes to see me.	他很少来看我
Please speak as slowly as possible.	请您能不能尽量慢点说
The Oscar ceremonies are Hollywood's biggest extravaganza.	奥斯卡颁奖典礼
I decided to buy a car.	我決定買一輛車
Tom didn't waste any time, did he?	湯姆不浪費一點時間
The prisoner was given his freedom.	囚犯重獲自由
We met at two in the afternoon.	我們今天下午兩點見得面
I want to buy something to eat.	我想買點東西吃
Shame on you!	你真丢脸
Tom learned how to do that from his grandfather.	汤姆从他祖父那里学会了怎么做
I like dogs, but my sister likes cats.	我喜歡狗
I thought you were my friend.	我以为你是我的朋友
It's too large.	它太大了
You're the only friend I have.	你是我唯一的朋友
My room is a pigsty.	我房间是个猪窝
The airplane took off ten minutes ago.	飞机十分钟前起飞了
How's school?	学校怎么样
You can stay as long as you like.	你想要待多久就待多久
His voice is pleasant to listen to.	他的声音听着很舒服
This water tastes good.	這水很好喝
You're sloshed.	你們喝多了
You should come back immediately.	你应该马上回来
It's not spring yet.	春天尚未來臨
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?	您今天下午想不想去动物园
They must work 8 hours a day.	他们每天必须工作
You should take up golf.	你应该开始从事高尔夫
Do you have any plans for Saturday?	你週六有什麼計劃
A strange sound was heard from behind the door.	奇怪的声音从门后传来
This bed is heavy.	这床很沉
He gathered his toys together.	他收起了他的玩具
Sorry I'm late.	对不起
Will you show me what you bought?	你愿意给我看看你买了什么吗
Do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year?	你知不知道全世界每年有多少人饿死呀
It is good to be a winner.	做个赢家很好
I don't think that I'll be able to get there on time.	我估计我无法及时赶到
I've been looking for you.	我一直在找你
Would you like some sugar in your tea?	红茶里要加糖吗
I want something to write on.	我想要可以在上面寫字的東西
The storm developed into a typhoon.	暴風雨發展成了一個颱風
She enjoyed herself at the concert.	她在音樂會上玩得很開心
This room is cramped.	这个房间很拥挤
Do what you think is best.	做你所想的是最好的
Some chewing gum was stuck to the sole of Tom's shoe.	汤姆的鞋底粘了口香糖
I sometimes break the rules.	我有时候打破规矩
It's cool today.	今天很凉快
He crossed the Pacific Ocean in thirty days.	他用
I do not quite agree with you.	我不太同意你的看法
I'd like a room in the front.	我想要一間前面的房間
I just want to be Tom's friend.	我只想做汤姆的朋友
How about playing tennis?	打網球怎麼樣
My father stopped drinking.	父亲戒酒了
I hope he'll get better soon.	我希望他很快就能好起来
She goes to aerobics once a week.	她每星期去作一次健美操
Everyone seems tense.	每个人似乎都很紧张
Tom saw Mary crying.	湯姆看見瑪麗在哭
The road is too narrow for cars.	這條路對汽車來說太窄了
You should think of their religions.	你應該考慮他們的宗教
Tom could've called the police.	汤姆本可以叫警察的
If Tom is really alive, where is he?	如果汤姆真的活着
I smell gas.	我聞到瓦斯味
I've got one brother and two sisters.	我有一个兄弟和两个姐妹
This T-shirt is too small for me.	這件
We have some decisions to make.	我们要做些决定
Is there anything else you'd like?	还有什么想要的吗
Tom is sick.	汤姆病了
Women are not permitted to drive cars in Saudi Arabia.	在沙特阿拉伯妇女不允许开车
My brother's room is always a mess.	我弟弟的房间总是很乱
Help us.	帮帮我们吧
Please give me something to eat.	請給我點東西吃
I didn't take part in the conversation.	我没有参与对话
Life today is fast-moving and complex.	今日的生活是迅息萬變和複雜的
I was asked whether I wanted to do that.	我被问到我是不是要这么做
Speaking in French is fun.	说法语很有趣
Their apples aren't as tasty as ours.	他们的苹果没有我们的好吃
This novel is difficult to understand.	这部小说很难读懂
You must not talk to Tom.	你绝不能跟汤姆说话
I like this color, too.	我也喜歡這顏色
May I pay with a travelers' check?	我可以用旅行支票支付嗎
Put the book back where it was.	把書放回它原來的地方
I am the laziest person I know.	我是据我所知最懒的人
She still hasn't heard this news.	她还没听到这个消息
I feel like this isn't going to end well.	感觉这不会有个好结局
Can you help me find a job?	你能幫我找一個工作嗎
Tom wrote Mary a long letter, but he didn't send it to her.	汤姆给玛丽写了封长信
He's always at home on Mondays.	他星期一總是在家
We talked until two in the morning.	我們聊到凌晨兩點
I passed by her house yesterday.	我昨天經過她家
I think Tom can't win.	我認為湯姆不會贏
He has to repair the clock.	他必須修理這個時鐘
We often watch TV while we're eating breakfast.	我们常在吃早饭时看电视
Japan is in Asia.	日本在亚洲
Customs include food, celebrations and dancing.	风俗习惯包括食物
I'm glad you came over.	我很高兴你回来了
Tom plans to return.	湯姆打算回來
My stomach is full.	我吃飽了
I have no friends to play with.	我没有朋友一起玩
I promised Tom that I wouldn't say anything.	我对汤姆发誓我不会说任何话了
He must have said so without giving it much thought.	他一定没有多考虑就说了
He was walking up the hill at a steady pace.	他迈着稳健的步伐登上了山丘
She finished her work an hour in advance.	她提前一小时完成了工作
Drop me a line as soon as you get there.	到了那兒之後跟我說一聲兒
The suspect is a caucasian female.	嫌疑人是一位白人女性
Man is mortal.	人固有一死
You may as well come with me.	你不如跟我一起來
I don't do that as well as I used to.	我做得不如以前好了
He plays baseball every day.	他每天都打垒球
The weather report says we'll get three inches of snow.	天气预报说会下三英寸雪
You shouldn't make fun of Tom.	你不该取笑汤姆
Everyone ought to be the master of his own destiny.	每個人都應該做自己命運的主人
Some people never grow up.	有些人永远也长不大
May I trouble you to shut the window?	可以麻烦你把窗关了吗
Tom is fluent in three languages.	汤姆掌握了三种语言
He is regarded as the best doctor in the village.	他被视为村里最好的医生
That girl is good-looking.	那個女孩長得很好看
I often slept on that bench when I was homeless.	当我无家可归的时候
The boy jumped into the water.	這個男孩跳入了水中
While napping, I had a strange dream.	我睡午觉的时候做了个怪梦
The doctor tried every possible means to save his patient.	为抢救病人医生已尽力了
She came from Canada to see me.	她從加拿大來看我
How soon do you need it?	你多久后需要它
Tom loves doing this.	湯姆喜歡做這事
I made a bet that she would win the game.	我賭她贏這比賽
She's a quiet person.	她是一個很安靜的人
I'm counting on you.	我就指望你了
Let's drop by his house.	我們去拜訪他吧
The doctor decided to operate at once.	医生决定立刻动手术
Astronomy deals with the stars and planets.	天文學涉及恆星和行星
You should make better use of your free time.	你要更好地利用闲暇时间
I will give you a call as soon as I get home.	我一回到家就打电话给你
She will have to cook for everyone.	她將必須為大家做飯
Who wrote these poems?	这些诗的作者是谁
Please don't use my name.	請不要用我的名字
This is the best restaurant in the city.	这是镇上最好的餐厅
He can't seem to understand that poem.	他似乎无法理解那首诗
I'll tell my wife.	我會告訴我的妻子
What are you going to do tonight?	你今晚要做什麼
Other people's expectations affect how we behave.	其他人的期望會影響我們的行為
He blew out the candle.	他吹灭了蜡烛
How can you do this to me?	你怎么这样对我
These things aren't mine!	这些东西不是我的
I introduced Mary to my parents.	我把玛丽介绍给我的父母了
Put down your weapons.	放下你们的武器
I had to get my tattoo removed.	我必須把文身去掉
How come you didn't say anything?	你為什麼都不說話
Your work is below average.	你的工作表現低於平均水平
We took turns driving.	我們輪流駕駛
He had his socks on inside out.	他将袜子的里外穿反了
I hate when other people make me wait a long time.	我讨厌别人让我等很久
Tom is the tallest in his family.	湯姆是他家裡最高的
Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.	以前讀高中的時候
He comes from England.	他从英国来
Are you going to sing?	你要唱歌嗎
I thank you very much for your kindness.	我十分感谢你的好意
He is very busy writing stories.	他忙于写故事
They're 30 minutes behind schedule.	他們的進度較預期慢
I ran as fast as I could to catch the train.	為了趕上火車我使出全力奔跑
Who are you working for?	你為誰工作
How can I get in touch with you?	我怎么联系你
Are you sure that you want to go there?	你确定你要去那儿吗
He is two inches taller than I am.	他比我高两寸
The machine was coated with dust.	机器蒙上了一层灰
You're still young.	你仍然很年輕
He makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.	他给自己定下每天早上散步的规矩
Is there any salt left?	还有多余的盐吗
That's right.	对
I've been busy since yesterday.	我從昨天開始一直忙著
We have plenty of time tonight.	今晚我们有充分的时间
The meat has gone bad.	這肉已經壞了
Please smile.	请笑一笑
How's the apple?	這個蘋果怎麼樣
We can't deny the fact that he's honest.	我们无法否认
She was run over by a car.	她被車子輾過了
No one could solve the puzzle.	没人解得了这个谜题
Shouldn't someone be helping Tom?	难道不该有人帮汤姆吗
When you hurt others, you also hurt yourself.	你若是傷害別人
I hope no one saw me dancing.	我希望沒人看見我跳舞
Whose is this?	这是谁的
I met him at the barber's.	我在理发店碰到了他
There's no beer here.	这里没有啤酒
I deleted the app.	我删除了这个应用
We have to have fun somehow.	我们总得找点乐子
I think Tom will likely like this movie.	我認為湯姆很可能會喜歡這部電影
I heard the door close.	我听到门关了
After supper, I washed the dishes.	晚饭后我洗了碗碟
She lives in a large house.	她住在一棟大房子裡
We postponed the meeting.	我们推迟了会议
It's a long way to the station.	到車站的路程很遠
Do you smoke?	你抽不抽烟
This is the worst book I've ever read.	这是我读过的书里面写的最差的一本了
I've heard this joke before.	我以前聽過這笑話
You must not yield to temptation.	你不應該屈服在誘惑之下
I don't have a car, but my sister does.	我没有车
I've made a mistake.	我搞错了
Have you ever seen a UFO?	你看過飛碟嗎
Could you bring me some water?	能给我带一点水来吗
I like your house.	我喜欢你的房子
The house was ablaze.	房子被火吞噬了
This is a stupid design.	这份设计很蠢
The mountain is covered with snow.	这座山被雪覆盖了
Will it rain tomorrow?	明天会下雨吗
Can you walk?	你能走嗎
Tom has disappeared.	汤姆不见了
Are you at home?	你在家里吗
They talked together like old friends.	他们像老朋友一样交谈
You should tell the truth.	你该把事实说出来
I don't like that guy.	我不喜欢那家伙
Do you know anything about Tom's parents?	你知道任何关于汤姆父母的事吗
Winter is coming soon.	冬季快來了
Tell me what happened.	告訴我發生了什麼事
His clothes are worn out.	他的衣服穿坏了
Thousands of candles illuminated the church during the ceremony.	数以千计的蜡烛点亮了仪式中的教堂
Tom can't tie a tie.	汤姆不会系领带
I am willing to take your offer.	我願意接受你的報價
I was lying earlier.	我之前在撒谎
Please attend the meeting in the second floor conference room at 2:30 p.m.	请在两点半参加在二楼会议室的会议
Pigs share certain characteristics with human beings.	豬與人類的一些特性相同
The dress fits you very well.	这条裙子你穿着很合身
The contract is in the bag, so let's go out and celebrate.	合同已经到手了
I admire his courage.	我佩服他的勇气
A penny saved is a penny earned.	省下了一分錢
Do you think Tom is too young?	你觉得汤姆是不是太嫩了
Nobody knows why he turns down my help.	沒有人知道他為何拒絕我幫忙
Arrangements have already been made.	已经安排好了
Do you need help?	你需要幫助嗎
He's interested in many things.	他對很多事情都有興趣
I can understand him perfectly.	我十分能理解他
They constructed a bridge.	他们造了座桥
To my surprise, the door was unlocked.	令我驚訝的是
She is very clever.	她很聰明
He made a speech in plain English.	他用淺顯的英語演講
You don't have to tell Tom if you don't want to.	如果你不想
She may be late, in which case we will wait.	她可能迟到
He and his friend sat on the bench.	他和他朋友坐在长凳上
Did you get the package that I sent you?	你收到我寄給你的包裹了嗎
Don't give up!	不要放棄
What horrible weather!	多么糟糕的天气啊
It's very warm today.	今天很热
Tom clenched his teeth.	汤姆咬紧牙关
Don't bite on the right side.	不要從右邊咬
He went back to the store.	他回店里去了
You didn't tell me Mary was so beautiful.	你没告诉我玛丽这么漂亮
I met your parents yesterday.	昨天我遇到你父母了
The registration period is already over.	報名時間已經過了
We are here in the name of Jesus Christ and King Charles.	我們這裡以耶穌基督和查理斯國王之名
I don't expect anything from you.	我不指望从你身上得到什么
It is close to eleven. It's about time we went to bed.	快
That white building is a hospital.	那棟白色的建築物是一家醫院
It's very hard getting a taxi in this city.	在这个城市
Tom and I are friends.	湯姆和我是朋友
He held a ball.	他举办了一场舞会
She always studies while listening to music.	她總是邊聽音樂邊唸書
What do you want now?	您现在想要什么
Give Tom back his money.	把汤姆的钱还给他
Walk faster, or you'll miss the train.	走快一點
She always wears black.	她總是穿著黑色的衣服
You can do it, can't you?	你可以做到
My little brother ran through the living room stark naked.	我弟弟全身光溜溜地跑過客廳
I am in the house.	我在家裡
Do you still want to talk to me?	你还想跟我谈吗
What awful weather!	多么糟糕的天气啊
He's a little like his father.	他有点像他的父亲
There's a hotel across the street.	對街有一家旅館
He has a nice income.	他收入可观
Do you have any idea when the bank closes?	你知道银行什么时候关门吗
She isn't afraid of death.	她不怕死
In a sense, she is right, too.	从某种意义上来说
I'm staying at my aunt's.	我住在我姑姑家
He graduated from Harvard University with honors.	他光榮地從哈佛大學畢業了
Tom runs faster than me.	汤姆跑得比我快
I'm a loser.	我是個輸家
I don't like either tea or coffee.	我不喜歡茶也不喜歡咖啡
Smoking is harmful to your health.	吸烟有害健康
Was Tom surprised?	汤姆吃惊吗
Can Tom buy that for us?	湯姆能給我們買嗎
Everyone knew that Tom's French was good.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
Welcome to the club.	欢迎来到俱乐部
Putting ideas into practice is difficult.	把想法付諸實踐是困難的
They believe in a life after death.	他們相信來世
I don't want to wait that long.	我不想等那么久
She was accepted to Harvard.	她被哈佛大學錄取了
I really like to dance.	我非常喜欢跳舞
I don't care as long as you're happy.	只要你开心就行了
He doesn't realise that he's tone deaf.	他不知道他自己五音不全
Please don't take pictures here.	请别在这里拍照
It's not easy writing a love letter in English.	用英文写情书不容易
I resign.	我放弃
I hope your brother is better.	我希望你弟弟好点了
There's someone who wants to meet you.	有一个人想见你
Turn left at the next corner.	下一个街角左转
I'm 17, too.	我也是
Tom, what do you want for supper?	湯姆
I'm sure that he'll succeed.	我肯定他会成功的
She intended to become an actress.	她打算成為一名演員
Don't blame the mistake on her.	不要把這個錯誤歸咎於她
Tom broke into Mary's hotel room.	湯姆闖進了瑪麗的酒店房間
My brother wants to study abroad.	我哥哥要出國唸書
Children and drunks don't lie.	小孩和酒鬼不撒谎
I need a bigger box.	我需要個更大的箱子
I've got a frog in my throat.	我緊張得說不出話來了
I am disgusted with him.	我厌恶他
We must observe the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
I was waiting for something to happen.	我在等事情發生
Let me help you with your work.	讓我幫你做你的工作
My aunt gave me a camera.	我的阿姨給了我一台攝影機
Tom broke the window.	湯姆打破了窗戶
Do I need to transfer?	我需要换乘吗
I visit him every other day.	我每隔一天拜訪他
My daughter loves jumping rope.	我女兒喜歡跳繩
How many teams are there?	那里有多少队伍
Maybe you're right.	你可能是对的
I'll wait here till he comes back.	我会在这里等着到他回来的
I just want to be happy.	我只想高兴
The prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter.	王子愛上了一個樵夫的女兒
I usually get up at 6:00.	我通常在六點鐘起床
I'm the tallest one in the class.	我在班里是最高的
Thank you, I've had enough.	謝謝你
It never rains but it pours.	禍不單行
I'm a university student.	我是一名大学生
He likes Disney.	他喜欢迪士尼
The dog went away.	這隻狗跑走了
Dog is man's best friend.	狗是人类最好的朋友
Is it still far from here?	离这里还远吗
There must be some way to solve this.	一定有解決的辦法
The number of people who go abroad has been increasing.	出国的人数一直在增加
Here's where they usually have dinner.	这儿是他们通常吃晚饭的地方
His face was covered with mud.	他的脸上满是泥
I only spent three dollars.	我只花了三美元
I'll deal with this problem as soon as I can.	我会尽快处理这问题
I have everything that I need.	我有我需要的所有东西
Can I pay by credit card?	我可以用信用卡付帳嗎
I won't be getting married this year.	我今年不結婚
I think you've done this before.	我想你以前做过这个
Time is more precious than anything else.	时间比什么都宝贵
The Cold War ended when the Soviet Union collapsed.	冷战以苏联解体结束
Please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it.	请不要忘记寄信前要在上面贴邮票
Would you like me to explain it?	你要我解釋一下嗎
That won't ever happen.	那从不会发生
Tom and Mary don't like dancing.	汤姆和玛丽不喜欢跳舞
This factory manufactures automobile parts.	这家工厂生产汽车配件
I always cry when I see this picture.	当我看到这张图片的时候总是哭
It's already 7:00.	已经是早上七点了
My room is very small.	我的房間非常小
Is there someone that can drive?	有人会开车吗
She gave her father a tie.	她给了她父亲一条领带
I don't want to talk to you.	我不想跟你说
Are you sure about this?	对此你确定吗
It's very hard getting a taxi in this city.	这个城市很难打到出租车
Tom is very annoying, isn't he?	汤姆是不是很烦人
The plane is arriving.	飛機快來了
I'll be back in a jiffy.	我马上就回来
I don't like green onions.	我不喜欢葱
I know I did an awful thing.	我知道
When does it start?	什么时候开始
Can you see that small house?	您能看到那栋小房子吗
What's the matter?	怎么了
I'd love to find out why she said so.	我很想找出她为什么这么说的原因
Let's go and see as many things as we can.	我们走
Can we make it?	我們做得到嗎
I'll be back by six o'clock.	我将
He failed the entrance exam.	他在入学考试中失败了
The boy is eating bread.	这个男孩子在吃面包
He talks as if he knows everything.	他說起話來好像他什麼都知道
She was very proud of her father.	她為她的父親感到非常驕傲
Have you ever seen the man in this photo?	你见过这张照片上的男人吗
Did you hear your name called?	你聽見有人叫你的名字嗎
We must take into account the wishes of all the family in planning a trip.	筹划旅行的时候
Please move your bicycle out of here.	請將您的自行車移出這裡
I lost the watch that my father gave me.	我把爸爸給我的錶弄丟了
Do you have a car?	您有车吗
Switch on the light. I can't see anything.	把灯打开
The library is in the center of the city.	图书馆位于城市中心
Tom has admitted he was there that night.	汤姆承认他那晚是在那里
I am eating rice.	我在吃米饭
Don't leave the door open.	不要把门开着
Are you coming next week?	你下週來嗎
The length of this ship is 30 meters.	这艘船的长度是
My room looks out on the street.	從我的房間望出去是街道
Tom asked Mary to stop the car.	湯姆讓瑪麗停住車
I'm a slave.	我是個奴隸
Could you please autograph this book?	請你在這本書上簽名好嗎
I am yours and you are mine.	我是你的
How about another round?	再來一輪怎麼樣
Please drive the car more slowly.	請開車開慢一點
This is one of the best restaurants that I've ever eaten in.	这是我吃过的最好的餐馆之一
Tom was unsatisfied with the results.	汤姆对结果不满
Perhaps we could get a drink sometime.	要不我们找时间喝一顿
They wanted a wedding picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.	他們想在艾菲爾鐵塔前面拍張結婚照
She married him for his money.	她为了他的钱嫁给了他
You can come at any time.	你隨時可以來
What're you doing?	搞什么啊
He was accused of stealing money.	他被指控偷錢
This river is dangerous for children to swim in.	孩子在这条河里游泳太危险了
I felt hungry after the long walk.	長途步行後我覺得餓了
Things are the same, but people have changed.	物是人非
I'm a student in a university.	我是一名大学生
Welcome.	欢迎
Sit down anywhere you want.	随便坐
She visited the old man in the hospital every day but Sunday.	她每天都去探視在醫院裡的老人
No, I didn't go.	不
Do you study every day?	您每天都讀書嗎
How're you feeling?	你感觉如何
I am looking for an assistant.	我正在找一個助手
The truth can be more painful than a lie.	真相可能比谎言更令人痛苦
We have breakfast in the kitchen.	我們在廚房裡吃早餐
He told us to keep quiet.	他告訴我們要保持安靜
Tom is in the house.	湯姆在這棟房子裡
He tires easily.	他很容易觉得累
Could you show me that necktie?	你能給我看看這條領帶嗎
I still haven't heard from him.	我還沒收到他的信
The door won't open.	这门怎样都打不开
People show up bright on an infrared camera because of their body heat.	人會因為體溫而在紅外線攝影機上顯現
Are you going, too?	你也要去嗎
It just started to rain.	刚开始下雨
This watch is made in Japan.	这块手表产自日本
Now is the time to act.	现在是行动的时候了
Did you check all the items on the shopping list?	你检查购物单上所有的项目了吗
Can you imagine what the 21st century will be like?	你能想象
I was really moved by this.	这件事真的感动到我了
I envy her.	我嫉妒她
Where is her house?	她家在哪儿
I did that all on my own.	这完全是我自己做的
That fish lives in fresh water.	那魚棲息在淡水域中
Eating fish is good for your health.	吃鱼有益于你的健康
Tom is already used to that.	汤姆已经习惯了
We're having a party this evening.	我們今天晚上將舉行派對
The law is quite clear.	法律很清楚
Would you look after my cat?	你可以照顧一下我的貓嗎
I asked Tom what he was reading.	我问了汤姆在读什么
I'm not busy.	我没在忙
Would it be ethical to sacrifice one person to save many?	为了救许多人牺牲一个人是否道德
I didn't go home yesterday.	我昨天没回家
I have to study for the test.	我必須讀書準備考試
Dark clouds are a sign of rain.	乌云是下雨的征兆
We didn't stay home yesterday.	我們昨天沒有待在家裡
Nobody believed what I said.	没有人相信我说的话
Will you please turn down the radio?	請你把收音機關小聲一點好嗎
He stressed the convenient aspects of city life.	他強調了城市生活方便的一面
Can I catch a taxi near here?	我能在這附近打車嗎
I'll ask Tom to help us.	我会请汤姆来帮助我们
It is likely to rain again.	很有可能还会下雨
How are you?	你們好嗎
I'm seeing her this evening.	我打算今晚和她约会
It's going to rain.	天快要下雨了
Tom may have left already.	汤姆可能已经走了
They made me go there alone.	他們讓我獨自去了那裡
Tom's drunk.	汤姆醉了
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who had to do that.	汤姆说他以为需要做那件事的就只有他一个
We enjoyed swimming in the lake.	我们尽情在湖里游泳
The entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week.	全体销售人员通宵达旦地工作了一周
This place gives me a really bad vibe.	这地方给我一个很差的印象
Tom has no brothers or sisters.	Tom	沒有兄弟也沒有姊妹
Tom still works at the same restaurant where Mary works.	汤姆还是在玛丽工作的那家餐馆继续工作
Can you guess what I have here?	你能猜到我有什么吗
The negotiation is off.	谈判中止了
Tom lost his only son in a car accident.	汤姆在一场车祸中失去了他的独子
Switzerland is situated between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.	瑞士位于法国
You're welcome to do anything you like.	您可以做任何您想做的事
Tell her that I am watching the news.	跟她說我正在看新聞
She showers every morning.	她每天早上都冲澡
All Americans have to pay their taxes.	所有美国人都需要缴税
She left the hospital an hour ago.	她一小时前离开了医院
I'm looking over his report.	我在阅读他的报告
I'll call you tomorrow.	明天我給你打電話
It'll soon be time for dinner.	不久就要吃正餐了
He is at home.	他在家裡
My father helped me with my homework.	我爸爸幫我做作業
He doesn't have to go to school.	他不必上學
He rushed out of the office.	他急忙出了办公室
Tom plays the violin well.	汤姆拉小提琴拉得很好
I was the last one to see Tom.	我是见汤姆的最后一个
How many people are in this room?	在這個房間裡有多少人
My father put a fence around the garden.	我父亲在花园边上装了篱笆
He got out from under the car.	他從車子底下出來了
The girl greeted me with a smile.	這個女孩面帶微笑向我打招呼
I made some mistakes on the test.	我在考试时犯了些错
That coat may have cost a lot of money, but it's worth it.	那件大衣可能需要很多錢
She tends to be late for school.	她往往會上學遲到
I won't do this again.	我不想再做這個了
I suggest we go out on Friday.	我建议我们星期五出去玩
Could you please tell me again why you are late?	你能再向我解释一遍你为什么迟到了吗
I love movies.	我愛電影
He finally became the president of IBM.	他最终成了
Those are my trousers.	那些都是我的褲子
He went to New York by airplane.	他搭飛機到紐約了
He wrote a letter.	他写了一封信
My father retired at 65 years old.	我父親在六十五歲時退休
She is a mere child.	她只是個孩子
You know where the problem lies.	你知道问题在哪里
I usually go to school by bus.	我經常搭公車上學
You won't be late, will you?	你不會遲到
I'm out of here.	我走了
Please shuffle the cards carefully.	请仔细洗牌
Do you drink a lot of milk?	你喝很多牛奶吗
We had a nice time last night.	我們昨晚過得很開心
You don't have to go to the party unless you want to.	除非你想去
I'll stake my reputation on it.	我赌上我的名声
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read it.	我會說中文
My mother is busy in the kitchen.	我的母親在廚房裡正忙著
No one man could do it.	沒有一個人能做到這一點
She and I are brother and sister.	她和我是姐弟
I don't want Tom seeing this.	我不想讓湯姆看見這個
She is not as patient as you.	她没像你那样有耐心
I never drink tea with lemon.	我從來不喝檸檬茶
This sentence is grammatically correct.	这个句子在语法上是正确的
What's new?	有什么新鲜事吗
Yeah. I think so, too.	是
He offered his help to us.	他向我们提供了帮助
It's a pity when somebody dies.	有人死了的时候真是遗憾
Do you think Tom is already retired?	你認為湯姆退休了嗎
Everybody showed sympathy toward the prisoner.	每个人都对囚犯表示同情
How is the weather there?	那里的天气怎么样
Tom knows the difference.	湯姆知道不同之處
We lived together for three years.	我们在一起生活了三年
The buildings look so tiny.	大楼看上去那么寒酸
When water freezes it becomes ice.	水結凍後
My sister and I went to the castle.	我和妹妹去了城堡
I often say that to myself.	我常对自己这么说
May I come and see you tomorrow?	我明天可以來看你嗎
I shouldn't have done it.	我本不应该做的
Tom hasn't said a word all morning.	汤姆整整一个上午一句话也没说
Swimming makes your legs stronger.	游泳使腿部强健
You ought to ask for your teacher's permission.	你應該請求你的老師允許
We could stay in Boston for a few more days if you like.	如果你愿意的话
She's asking how that's possible.	她问这怎么可能
He always leaves the window open when he sleeps.	當他睡覺時
He told us a lie.	他對我們說了一個謊
Education starts at home.	教育从家庭开始
I can swim.	我會游泳
She made the doll for me.	她為我做了這個娃娃
Tom says he didn't know what to do.	汤姆说他不知道要做什么
Do you guys know each other?	你們認識嗎
I'm going to meet him tomorrow.	我明天要跟他見面
Allow me to introduce myself.	請允許我自我介紹一下
If only I could speak English!	我要是会说英语就好了
Tom is not easily satisfied.	Tom	不容易被滿足
You worry too much about your weight.	你太担心您的体重了
He has been dead for ten years.	他已經死了十年
What were you doing this morning?	今天早上你在做什么
There are many old temples in Kyoto.	京都有許多古剎
I saw the person I expected standing there.	我看到我要等的那个人就站在那儿
I go to bed late at night.	我晚上很晚就寢
Do you smoke?	您吸烟吗
She cried.	她哭了
I'm very ashamed of myself about what I've done.	我對自己的作為很內疚
He is my old friend.	他是我的一位老朋友
The present time is a good time.	现在正是好时候
Tom admitted to spilling the red wine.	Tom	承认了他摔了红酒
We've forgiven you.	我们已经原谅你了
That hurts.	真疼
Have a nice day.	祝你一天过得愉快
Is this snake safe to touch?	摸這條蛇安全嗎
"Will you be at my party tomorrow night?" "I'll try to be there."	“	你明天会来我的聚会吗
I have no strength.	我没力气了
You're not too bad-looking.	你看起來不難看
We were very sorry we couldn't help them.	我們很遺憾無法幫助他們
His record is a new world record in the 100-meter dash.	他刷新了百米短跑的世界紀錄
He can pull strings for you.	他能为你暗箱操作
It was truly depressing.	真的令人丧气
This is your key.	這是您的鑰匙
My father walks.	我爸爸走路
My house is very near the park.	我的房子靠近公園
Tom looked like he was certain.	汤姆看起来很肯定
She is eating.	她吃
He got a loan from the bank.	他從銀行得到了貸款
Cheers!	乾杯
Come and have tea with me.	来跟我喝茶吧
How about Thai food?	泰国菜怎么样
He is good at playing tennis.	他打网球打得很好
I thought Tom would want to know about that.	我本以为汤姆愿意了解这件事
Germany was once an ally of Italy.	德国曾是意大利的同盟国
That's very big.	那是很大的
How much is the tour per person?	一個人的旅費多少錢
They were forced to kill and eat several of their horses.	他们被迫杀掉他们的几匹马来吃
How was the interview?	面試怎麼樣
Tom is a true man.	汤姆是个真男人
I have to call Tom.	我得给汤姆打电话
I have brothers.	我有兄弟
Show me another example.	再给我举个例子
I don't care if it snows.	我不在乎是否下雪
I'm too excited to eat anything.	我興奮得吃不下任何東西
Please add up the bill.	請確認帳單
Isn't Tom from Australia?	汤姆不是澳洲来的吗
He is a biologist.	他是一个生物学家
I met an old woman.	我遇见了一位老妇人
No other mountain in the world is as tall as Mt. Everest.	世界上任何山峰都达不到珠穆朗瑪峰的高度
He is fluent in French.	他说法语说得很流利
Don't come into my room.	别进我的房间
Tom told me that he doesn't like carbonated drinks.	汤姆告诉我他不喜欢碳酸饮料
I really don't understand this problem.	我真的不懂这个问题
Have you eaten dinner?	你吃晚飯了嗎
Does that belong to Tom?	这是汤姆的东西吗
Tom apologized for what he did.	湯姆為他所做的事道歉
It is not good for a scientist to get emotional.	對一個科學家來說
I think Tom would be pleased.	我認為湯姆會高興
I don't know where Tom's socks are.	我不知道汤姆的袜子在哪里
I don't have a cat.	我没有猫
He is mean.	他很凶
My team is always losing.	我们队总是输
Last night there was a full moon.	昨晚是满月
Imagination affects every part of our lives.	想像力影响着我们生活的各个方面
He is a good tennis player.	他是个网球高手
He couldn't hold his temper any longer.	他再也忍不住气了
This extension cord is too short.	這條延長線太短了
She can speak English, of course.	她會講英語
She fainted when she saw blood.	她看见血就晕了
I need your passport and three photographs.	我需要你的护照和三张照片
You're the only one that can help us.	你是唯一一个能帮助我们的人
I have nothing more to do today.	我今天沒有更多的事要做的了
I got up early in the morning.	我早上很早起床
I don't know what day he'll come.	我不知道他星期幾會來
Tom wanted revenge.	湯姆想報仇
He and his wife tried to work out their problems, but couldn't.	他和他的妻子試圖解決他們的問題
We'll have a barbecue at the beach.	我们要在海边在烧烤架上烤肉
I just cleaned this.	我刚打扫过这个
This is the first time I've heard of this website.	我第一次知道这个网站
You are a good cook, aren't you?	你很會做菜
He did it himself.	是他自己做的
I bought the book for myself, not for my wife.	我給我自己買了書
We've spent too much time here.	我們在這裡花了太多時間
You must come back before it gets dark.	你必须在天黑前回来
She went out to buy some food.	她出去買些食物了
Are those explosives?	那些是爆炸物嗎
I always feel blue on Mondays.	我每個星期一都覺得很憂鬱
She squeezed the juice from many oranges.	她用了許多柳橙來榨汁
These flowers have a unique smell.	這些花有一種獨特的氣味
It's safe to say so.	這麼說是安全的
Money talks.	金钱万能
India ink produces an interesting pattern when used as a dye.	墨汁用作染料时会产生有趣的图案
Cut the melon into six equal pieces.	把瓜切成六等分
Let me help you with your luggage.	讓我幫您提行李
Tom has to take the test again.	汤姆必须再考
What have you come here for?	您来这儿干嘛
I washed the dishes after supper.	晚饭后我洗了餐具
She's been working all day long.	她已經工作了一整天
Where is the police station?	警察局在哪里
The bill will never go through.	該法案將永遠不會通過
You should have seen it.	您本應該看看它的
I don't know how to use it.	我不知道如何使用它
He is not ashamed of being poor.	他不因貧窮而感到羞愧
My father goes to work by bike.	我父親騎自行車去上班
Put your hat on.	戴上你的帽子
I have three cameras.	我有三台攝影機
I thought that you wanted to see me.	我以为你想见我呢
This desk is designed for children.	這張書桌是專門為兒童設計的
You gain more than you spend when you go to college.	上大學的時候
Why don't we get out of here?	我们为什么不离开这里
He goes to the office by car.	他開車去辦公室
What a lot of pens!	那么多钢笔
I don't hate you.	我不恨你
I'm blind in the right eye.	我的右眼瞎了
Were your mother and father home?	你父母親在家嗎
He got injured in a traffic accident.	他在一場交通意外中受了傷
The accident happened near his home.	事故發生在他家附近
Lightning is usually followed by thunder.	閃電常常伴隨著雷鳴
I met a friend.	我遇见一个朋友
No comment.	无可奉告
There are no comments yet.	還沒有任何評論
I think you're dumb.	我认为你傻
I confess that I'm tired.	我承认我很累
There are at least thirty students in our class.	我们班至少有三十个学生
She walked very carefully.	她小心翼翼地走
My job is washing dishes.	我的工作是洗碗
You are lying.	你在撒谎
Tom's car has been stolen.	汤姆的汽车被偷了
The boy actually was going to do it.	這個男孩實際上是要去做
Are you angry?	你生气了吗
We've got to do something about this problem soon.	我们要快点处理这问题
A unicycle has one wheel.	一輛獨輪車有一個輪子
I think that it'll be hot tomorrow.	我觉得明天会很热
Tom has loved Mary for a long time.	汤姆爱玛丽很久了
I'm not very good at swimming.	我不是很擅長游泳
The door of the office is yellow.	办公室的门是黄色的
I'd like to go.	我想要去
I'm very hungry.	我好饿
I ran as fast as possible.	我盡可能地跑快一點
She'll give her photo to whoever wants it.	她会把她的照片给想要的人
You may choose whichever you want.	你可以选择任何你想要的
The company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990.	该公司于
That river flows into the Pacific.	这条河汇入太平洋
We're leaving the day after tomorrow.	我们后天出发
Some people pursue only pleasure.	有些人只追求快乐
I'm tired of eating fast food.	我厌倦吃快餐了
It's said that she's a well-known actress.	我聽說她是個有名的演員
It is no use asking him again.	再问他也没用
Is there anything that I shouldn't eat?	有什么东西是我不该吃的吗
Tom is diabetic.	汤姆是糖尿病患者
I almost stepped on a skunk last night.	我昨晚差点踩到一只臭鼬
He used to read at night.	他以前都在夜晚看書
Get rid of her.	把她干掉了
The washing machine is a wonderful invention.	洗衣機是一個很棒的發明
Tom isn't a fool.	汤姆不是白痴
You let me down.	你让我失望了
Call Tom and Mary this evening.	今晚给汤姆和玛丽打电话
Tom has recently become forgetful.	Tom	最近变得健忘了
I want my dinner brought to my room.	我想要我的晚餐送到房间里来
Can we do it?	我们能做到吗
"Do you know when they will arrive?" "At eleven-thirty this evening."	你知道他们什么时候到吗
I love passion fruit juice.	我愛百香果汁
Never have I seen such a beautiful sunset.	我从没见过那么壮丽的日落景色
My computer's acting strange.	我的电脑好诡异
A new difficulty has arisen.	出现了新困难
Please take more care in the future.	以后请注意点
How are you going to help Tom?	你要怎麼幫湯姆
I want you to help us find out who killed Tom.	我想讓你幫我們查出來誰殺了湯姆
He is unsociable.	他太不合群
Stuff happens.	事情难免会发生
When I awoke, it was snowing.	當我醒來時
He began to shout.	他開始喊叫
A square has four angles.	正方形有四个角
My daughter likes egg yolks.	我女儿喜欢蛋黄
Do you promise?	你保证吗
Put your hands up.	手举起来
You'd better not smoke while on duty.	當你值勤時最好不要抽煙
My phone was out of order.	我的電話壞了
They never tell a lie.	他们从不说谎
I would like to sit in the non-smoking section.	我想坐在无烟区
You may choose whichever book you like.	你可以選擇任何你喜歡的書
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's new telephone number.	湯姆問瑪麗是否知道瓊的新電話號碼
Tom knows him.	湯姆認識他
The problem is Tom.	問題是湯姆
You did a good job.	你干得很好
You are quite right.	你說得很對
I was nervous, too.	我也紧张
Do you think Tom is wealthy?	你認為湯姆有錢嗎
The doctor may have said so.	医生也许这么说过
Don't talk nonsense.	别胡说
Boys, as a rule, are taller than girls.	一般来说
Please wake me up at six tomorrow.	請在明天六點叫我起來
He's had many unhappy experiences.	他有许多不愉快的经历
Our mother bought us a puppy.	我們的媽媽買了一隻小狗給我們
"I think so, too," she chimed in.	“	我也那样觉得
How much does this umbrella cost?	這把傘多少錢
Got it?	懂了吗
The baby caught sight of my ballpoint pen and reached out for it.	這個嬰兒盯著我的原子筆看
I telephoned her at once.	我立刻打電話給她
It's warm here all the year round.	這裡一年四季很溫暖
I want you to meet my parents.	我想讓你見見我的父母
He likes sleeping.	他喜欢睡觉
I need to hit the sack.	我该去睡觉了
Is there anybody in the house?	家里有没有人
He and I were inseparable friends during our time together in school.	我和他在學生時代是分不開的朋友
She is getting married this fall.	她今年秋天要結婚
The bread isn't fresh.	面包不新鲜
The recent advances in medicine are remarkable.	医学的最新进展颇为显著
You really are tall, aren't you?	你真的很高
It was foolish of you to accept his offer.	你真笨去接受他的提議
The captain is responsible for the safety of passengers.	船长要为乘客安全负责
I always keep promises.	我總是信守承諾
I have some good news for you.	我有好消息要告訴你
You've got something stuck in your teeth.	牙齿卡了点东西
He changed his mind.	他改变想法了
I am going to major in French.	我將主修法文
I'm 30 now.	我现在
I find politics very interesting.	我對政治很感興趣
Tom doesn't usually dress like that.	湯姆平時不那樣穿衣服
He wants to go to America.	他想去美國
How long do you plan on staying here?	你打算在这儿待多久
Please open the bottle.	請打開瓶子
The friend who I thought would pass the exam failed it.	那个我认为会通过考试的朋友失败了
I can't tolerate this noise any longer.	我不能再忍受這個噪音了
"How are you?" "I am fine, thank you."	“	你怎么样
Tom doesn't want anything to drink.	汤姆什么都不想喝
Tom has been expecting Mary.	湯姆預計瑪莉會來
Arabic is read from right to left.	阿拉伯语要从右往左读
We don't have another choice.	我们没有别的选择
He will be a good doctor.	他会成为一个好的医生的
I can't get away from work now.	我現在上班無法離開
She is still a girl.	她还是个小女孩
Be nice.	友善点
That white parasol is hers.	那把白色阳伞是她的
Would you like another piece of cake?	你要再來一塊蛋糕嗎
I have just finished eating.	我刚刚吃完
Creationism is a pseudo-science.	创造主义是一种伪科学
You should quit smoking.	你應該戒菸
You need a large vocabulary to read that book.	你讀那本書需要大量詞彙
They can't hear me either.	他們也不能聽見我說話
Enjoy your holidays.	度假愉快
I've never heard Tom speaking French before.	我以前從沒聽過湯姆講法語
Tom is probably pretty rich by now.	汤姆现在可能很有钱
We like music.	我們喜歡音樂
That actually makes a lot of sense.	那个相当能说得通
She's a middle-aged fat woman.	她是個中年胖女人
Food shouldn't be wasted.	食物不該被浪費
Why don't you come dancing with me?	为什么你不来跟我跳舞
I can walk to school in 10 minutes.	我走路
He's very influential in the world of medicine.	他在医学界有很大的影响力
I'll always remember your kindness.	我會永遠記得你的好意
I would never let you down.	我永远不会让你失望
Do you want to eat anything?	你想吃點東西嗎
I know I left it somewhere down here in the basement.	我知道我把它放在地下室的某個地方了
Don't worry.	你不要着急
Tom slept until noon.	汤姆睡到中午
He is always complaining.	他總是在抱怨
I refuse to answer your question.	我拒绝回答你的问题
Tom realized it was time to leave.	汤姆意识到该走了
"I'll be back," said Tom.	“	我会回来
Mary is not poor. On the contrary, she is quite rich.	玛丽不穷
When to start is the main problem.	主要问题是什么时候开始
He thought that he was a genius.	他認為他是個天才
He rescued a boy from drowning.	他救了一个溺水的男孩
The meeting will be held tomorrow.	會議將於明天舉行
How much will it cost you to go by air?	坐飛機將花你多少錢
What does Tom usually eat for breakfast?	汤姆的早餐经常吃什么
He betrayed her secret to his friends.	他把她的秘密告诉了他的朋友
I'm a big football fan.	我是足球的忠实粉丝
She has attractive eyes.	她有一双迷人的眼睛
Are oysters in season now?	现在牡蛎当季吗
After the accident, Tom decided to stop skating.	事故过后
Shake the bottle before using.	使用前搖動一下瓶子
Tom is polite and sensitive.	汤姆既彬彬有礼又善解人意
Do you watch TV?	您看电视吗
The plane flew over the mountain.	這架飛機飛越了這座山
Do you want a glass of soda?	你想來杯汽水嗎
You should use a deodorant.	你应该用一下除臭剂
He has a pleasant voice.	他的声音很悦耳
I'm sure you'll never regret it.	我確定你永不後悔
You shouldn't talk back to your parents like that.	你不應該對你父母那樣頂嘴
The refrigerator is open.	冰箱開著
I love sports.	我喜歡運動
No one had anything left to say.	沒有人有話可說
She cleaned her room in a hurry.	她急忙地清掃了她的房間
Long skirts are out of fashion now.	現在長裙過時了
What does he want to do?	他到底想干嘛
When do you have to go to bed?	你甚麼時候必須去睡覺
She paid me a visit yesterday.	她昨天来见我了
Where are those posters now?	那些海报现在都到哪里去了
Would you please close that window?	請您把那扇窗戶關起來好嗎
Pass me the wine, please.	請把酒遞給我
I don't care a bit about the future.	我不在乎将来
I don't know anything about his past.	我不知道任何有關他過去的事
What Tom said wasn't true.	湯姆說的不是真的
My dog follows me wherever I go.	無論我去哪裡
They always complain.	他們總是抱怨
When was the last time you watered the garden?	你最后一次给花园浇水在什么时候
Tom is indispensable.	汤姆是必不可少的
Oil is extracted from olives.	油是从橄榄中提炼出来的
I'm curious.	我很好奇
I spent the whole day in reading the novel.	我一整天都在看这本小说
It is a pity that you cannot come to the party.	很遗憾您不能来派对
Who is next?	下一个是谁
Isn't that mine?	那是我的吗
I'd like to finish the work on my own.	我想要獨立完成工作
He is old enough to drive.	他夠開車的年紀了
I'm very happy to hear about the party.	我听到聚会的事很高兴
The rumor turned out to be false.	谣言最后被证明是假的
I've never lived on a farm, but both of my parents grew up on farms.	我从没有在农场住
It began to snow.	開始下雪了
Excuse me, but may I open the window?	不好意思
She spent the weekend by herself.	她獨自度過了週末
I am interested in music.	我對音樂有興趣
The well ran dry.	這口井乾涸了
She thinks of everything in terms of money.	她對任何事都用錢的角度來看
Don't worry about this.	別為這事擔心
America is very large.	美洲很大
He is a man of ability.	他是个能干的男人
I work with her boyfriend.	我和她的男朋友在一起上班
Tom was arrested for driving without a license.	汤姆因无证驾驶而被逮捕
You seem to be an honest man.	您看起来像个老实人
I'm not too smart.	我不太聰明
Please bring your own food.	请自带食物
We enjoyed listening to the music.	我們喜歡聽音樂
Remember to brush your teeth.	别忘了刷牙
I don't approve your decision.	我不同意你的決定
Tom is a French teacher.	汤姆是法语老师
I tried to change her mind, but I couldn't.	我試著改變她的心意
I am staying with my uncle in Tokyo.	我待在東京的舅舅家
I feel like taking a walk now.	我現在想要散步
It happens occasionally.	它偶尔会发生
I don't understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular.	我不懂為何義式辣腸披薩如此受歡迎
Let in some fresh air.	请放点新鲜空气进来
Let's start the party.	讓我們開始這個派對吧
My son is taller than me.	我兒子比我高
It was nice meeting you here.	在这里见到您真是太好了
You had better go to the dentist's.	你最好去看牙醫
Would you like to leave a message?	你要留言嗎
I think what you say is true.	我觉得你说的是真的
You stink.	你身上发臭了
I think she will divorce him.	我想她會和他離婚
I sat next to him.	我坐在他旁边
Do you take me for a fool?	你把我当傻子吗
I must renew my passport.	我必须更新我的护照
I'm getting off at the next station.	我下一站下车
She came to Tokyo when she was eighteen years old.	她
She was amazed to hear the news.	她听到那个消息后惊呆了
Tom waved his hand.	汤姆挥手了
We are going downtown to eat pizza.	我們要去市中心吃比薩
Tom isn't very good at speaking French.	湯姆說法語說得不太好
Am I wrong?	我錯了嗎
That's not important, is it?	那不重要
Speak a little louder.	说大声点
We had a kid just last year.	就在去年我們有了一個孩子
That red dress looks good on her.	她穿那件紅色的衣服很好看
We spent the entire day on the beach.	我們一整天在沙灘上
Can I try on this jacket?	我可以試穿這件外套嗎
If you don't give it back to him, he'll be angry!	要是你不还给他
The movie received mixed reviews.	影片得到的评价褒贬不一
That only happens occasionally.	这只是偶发事件
It looks like a duck.	它看起來像一隻鴨子
I see that dog almost every day.	我几乎每天都见到那条狗
Is Tom a common name in your country?	在你们国家
Do you need to buy anything?	你有什么需要买的吗
Leave your umbrella in the hall.	把你的雨傘放在走廊裡
He made his way through the crowd.	他設法穿過了人群
Keep off the grass.	不要踩草地
They insist that he should go.	他们坚持让他走
I waited for my friend for an hour.	我等我的一个朋友等了一小时
I have two daughters and two sons.	我有兩個女兒和兩個兒子
That was an excellent meeting.	那是场精彩的会议
I succeeded in getting what I wanted.	我赢得了我想要的
Tom wondered why Mary was crying.	汤姆奇怪为什么玛丽哭
I wrote my mother a letter.	我寫了一封信給我的母親
Mary is interested in politics.	玛丽对政治感兴趣
There was little water in the well.	這口井裡的水很少
She bought six yards of cloth for a dress.	她買了六碼的布做衣服
She elbowed her way onto the train.	她擠上了火車
The whole process will take months.	整个过程需要耗费数月
That book is a new book.	那本書是一本新書
I'm glad that I didn't buy something like this.	我很高兴没有买这样的东西
Tom helped us all.	湯姆幫了我們
Have you seen my glasses anywhere?	你曾在哪裡看到過我的眼鏡嗎
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.	人們看待事情的角度不同取決於他們是富裕或貧窮
My brother was injured in the car accident.	我弟弟在车祸中受了伤
I'm not always free on Sundays.	我星期日並不總是有空
Unfortunately, there was no one around.	很不幸
This book is worth reading again.	这本书值得再看一遍
I'll give you a present.	我会送您一份礼物
Is there anything else you want to say?	你還有甚麽想說的
I got up early.	我起床早
I hate Tom, to tell you the truth.	说实话
The dictionary comes in two volumes.	那本词典分为两卷
Hello, Tom.	你好
Eat more slowly.	慢点吃
What does it cost?	这个几块
The girl tore the cloth.	那个女孩把布撕了
Apart from some fruit, he hasn't eaten anything.	除了水果
Do you know if she can speak English?	你知道她会说英语吗
What do you think Tom's waist size is?	你认为汤姆的腰围是多少
She went into her room to change her dress.	她进了她的房间换裙子
I miss you badly.	我非常想你
She gave me several books.	她給了我幾本書
Tom put his wallet on the desk.	汤姆把钱包放在了桌子上
We had a good conversation.	我们谈得不错
He lives far away from his hometown.	他住得离老家很远
Give me your phone.	给我你的手机
To put it bluntly, he's mistaken.	坦率地说
I owe it you that I am still alive.	多亏了你
Where's the cafeteria?	自助餐厅在哪里
I hate the winter.	我讨厌冬天
He compared the copy with the original.	他比较了复印稿和原件
She's my classmate.	她是我的同學
They have a very nice veranda.	他们有一个非常漂亮的暖房
Tom didn't try to hide the truth.	湯姆並沒有試著要隱瞞實情
Tom seems really happy.	汤姆看起来非常开心
I looked over my shoulder.	我回過頭去
What else do you want me to say?	你想让我再说什么
I like running.	我喜欢跑步
Help yourself to more potato chips.	隨意多吃點洋芋片吧
Why don't you hug me?	你為甚麼不抱我
Was Tom with you?	汤姆和你在一起吗
The boy has come home.	男孩到家了
Nothing is as important as peace.	没有什么和和平一样重要
He hates cleaning his room.	他讨厌打扫自己的房间
Tom didn't understand what Mary really meant.	汤姆不知道玛丽真实的意思
I was really moved by this.	这件事让我真的很感动
The wind blew too hard for them to play in the park.	风刮得太猛
I won't be home next Sunday.	我下周日不在家
Where are you going?	你们去哪里
Why do people commit suicide?	为什么人们会自杀
Let's go to the hospital now.	我们现在就去医院吧
Tom took his wedding ring off.	汤姆拿掉了他的婚戒
What I want is some peace and quiet.	我所想要的是一点平和和安静
I already apologized.	我已经道歉了
I'm surprised that you don't know about their marriage.	我很惊讶
Aren't you the one who saved me?	你不是救过我的人嗎
We suggest raising the fees.	我們建議提高收費
Last night I had a strange dream.	我昨晚做了一個奇怪的夢
You should have done so.	你本應該這樣做的
He is the man you met the other day.	他是前几天和你见过面的那个人
When does your new store open?	你的新商店什么时候开张
He and I are brothers.	他和我是兄弟
I shouldn't have logged off.	我不该退出的
I want to extend my stay here for a few more days.	我想延长这里的住宿多几天
You don't have to work on Sundays.	你週日不必工作
Help yourself to a piece of cake.	你自己拿蛋糕吃吧
That's my younger sister's photograph.	那是我妹妹的照片
Cover your head when you are in the sun.	當你在陽光下的時候
He bought her a sweater.	他買了一件毛衣給她
It all depends on you.	这都取决于你
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.	兔子有长耳朵和短尾巴
I'm waiting for this store to open.	我正等著這家店開門
I'm really surprised you got a prize.	我很惊讶你得了奖
They would have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.	车子若是掉落悬崖他们早就没命了
This is strange.	奇怪
Will you have another slice of pie?	你要再來一塊餡餅嗎
The time has come when I must tell you the truth.	現在是我必須告訴你真相的時候了
You're here.	你在这里
Best of luck to you.	祝你好运
You're the only one I can trust.	你是我唯一能信任的人
Don't distract me while I am studying.	当我学习的时候不要打扰我
Actually, it was pretty boring.	实际上
They made him sign the contract.	他們讓他簽約了
You don't have to raise your voice.	你不需要提高你的音量
We have a test tomorrow.	我们明天有个测验
We couldn't keep from crying.	我們止不住哭泣
We spent the weekend with friends.	我們和朋友一起度過週末
Tom was very scared.	湯姆非常害怕
We're just like brothers.	我們就像兄弟一樣
The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise.	猫被陌生的噪音惊吓到了
Everything is going horribly wrong for Tom.	對湯姆來說一切都開始錯得離譜
Nothing is worse than war.	没有什么比战争更糟的了
I'll be gone for a while.	我要暂时离开
He went to London, where he stayed for a week.	他去了伦敦
English is spoken in many countries around the world.	全世界許多國家的人說英語
When I entered the room, she was playing the piano.	当我进入那个房间的时候
What's the time in Boston now?	波士顿现在几点
Please add my name to the list.	請把我的名字加在名單上
The police officers arrested the burglar.	警察拘捕了這個竊賊
We need more staff.	我们需要更多员工
I'd like to swim in this river.	我想在這條河裡游泳
Tom is away on vacation.	汤姆度假去了
I wouldn't buy that for Tom.	我不會給湯姆買那東西
Your tripod is in my office.	你的三腳架在我的辦公室裏
Tom wants to sit down.	汤姆想坐下
They have elected a new government.	他們選出了新政府
She is dieting.	她在节食中
When you pose a question, you expect an answer.	當你提出一個問題
It is true that television also has some disadvantages.	电视的确有一些缺点
Tom has got his own problems.	汤姆有他自己的问题
Smoking isn't permitted here.	这里不允许抽烟
I wish we had won the game.	要是我們贏了這場比賽就好了
Can we speak in the hall?	我們能在走廊裡說話嗎
I went to the park last Saturday.	上個星期六我去了公園
The price of eggs is going up.	蛋的價格正在上漲
You're too suspicious about everything.	你对什么都太怀疑了
I had my watch stolen yesterday.	我的手錶昨天被偷了
I know that everything I need is here.	我知道這裡有我想要的一切
It's no use telling me anything.	對我說什麼都是沒用的
I get scared just walking past him.	只是從他旁邊走過去我就覺得害怕
I canceled my hotel reservation.	我取消了我旅館的預訂
What time is it in Boston?	波士顿现在几点
I've never considered doing that.	我從沒想過去做那事
The desk drawer is open.	办公桌的抽屉是开着的
She talked childishly.	她说话幼稚
Where's the bathroom?	廁所在哪裡
He is good at driving.	他擅長駕駛
She was almost late for school.	她上學幾乎遲到
Now I need you to leave.	現在我需要你離開
I'm the tallest in our class.	我在班里是最高的
I warmed myself in the bath.	我泡了个澡身体暖和起来了
Have a good Christmas.	祝您有一個愉快的聖誕節
I adapted the garage for use as a workshop.	我把车库改造成车间使用
They are proud of their daughter.	他們以他們的女兒為榮
My opinion is different from yours.	我的看法跟你的不同
Tom would never have let us go if Mary hadn't gone with us.	如果我们不带上玛丽
I go to the country every summer.	我每年夏天都去鄉下
I'm not your mother.	我不是你母親
I don't like to socialize.	我不喜欢跟人打交道
Tom was advised by Mary not to go there by himself.	玛丽建议汤姆不要独自去
Tom's eyes are blue.	汤姆的眼睛是蓝色的
Did you go to school yesterday?	你昨天去上學了嗎
The sun was shining, yet it was cold.	虽然有阳光照射
We got lost in the fog.	我们在雾中迷了路
There is a television in this room.	这个房间里有个电视机
Oil will float on water.	油漂浮在水上
We just wanted to win.	我們只想贏
Do you feel any better today?	你今天感覺好多了嗎
How do you know that belongs to Tom?	你是怎麼知道那是湯姆的
He likes adventure.	他喜欢冒险
I gave her her dictionary back.	我把她的字典還給她了
I hope I'll see you again soon.	我希望我會很快再見到你
Tom's parachute didn't open.	湯姆的降落傘沒有打開
When he was a child, he would go fishing on Sundays.	他小时候
Is Tom drunk?	汤姆喝醉了吗
I will not see him any more.	我不会再见他了
One of your tires is flat.	你的轮胎爆了一个
He is learning how to drive a car.	他正在学怎么开车
A hundred people were hurt in a train wreck.	一百多个人在一个火车事故中受了伤
Tom isn't an elected official.	湯姆不是選出來的官員
We agreed to share the housework.	我們同意分擔家務
I'm afraid there isn't any coffee left.	恐怕已經沒有咖啡了
My major is linguistics.	我的主修是語言學
It looks like today will be a long day.	看来今天会是漫长的一天啊
I almost caught the fish.	我幾乎釣到了魚
It has always been a pleasure to work with you.	跟你共事总是很愉快
I lost face.	我丢臉了
Tom won't let me buy any more stuff.	湯姆不會讓我再買甚麼東西了
Tom's hair was disheveled.	湯姆頭發蓬亂
Is there any mail for me today?	今天有給我的郵件嗎
It's a beautiful day, isn't it?	今天的天氣真好
We've got to go.	我们必须走了
Even Tom doesn't do that anymore.	连湯姆都不再做了
I decided not to go to Europe.	我决定不去欧洲了
Is there anyone in the room?	屋里有人吗
What did you tell your boss?	你跟你的老板说什么了
Shut the door.	请关门
The children were flying kites.	孩子們在放風箏
My aunt has three children.	我阿姨有三個孩子
Nobody believes what I say.	没有人相信我说的话
Please sit on the sofa and relax.	請坐在沙發上放輕鬆
I don't want to talk about the weather.	我不想談論天氣
No one noticed her absence until the end of the meeting.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.	牛在牧地上吃草
I don't think that it's a good decision.	我不认为这是一个好的决定
My grandfather is fond of taking a walk early in the morning.	我的爷爷喜欢大清早的散步
Tom failed.	汤姆失败了
I don't feel like eating anything.	我不想吃任何東西
We got lost in the snow.	我們在雪地裡迷了路
I was sore for three weeks.	我难受三周了
He gave him a book.	他給了他一本書
He threw a rock into the pond.	他扔了一塊石頭到池塘裡
I'd like a room with a good view.	我喜欢视野好的房子
My grandmother has a green thumb.	我祖母是個園藝巧手
Speaking English isn't easy.	說英語是不容易的
I have to give back the book before Saturday.	我必须在礼拜六之前把书还回去
It's hard to believe Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.	真难相信汤姆不知道玛丽爱他
I anticipate that there will be trouble.	我預料會有麻煩
His speech was short and to the point.	他的演讲简短且切中要害
They made us work all day long.	他們讓我們工作了一整天
Turn off the television. I can't concentrate.	把電視關掉
Do you like orange juice?	您喜欢橙汁吗
I couldn't leave Tom.	我不能離開湯姆
Ask her when she comes back.	等她回来的时候问问她
She was busy with her knitting.	她忙着编织
Is it serious?	严重吗
Please put your shoes on.	請穿上你的鞋子
She extended her stay by five days.	她多停留了五天
Could you teach me how to play the piano?	您能教我弹钢琴吗
They moved ahead slowly.	他們慢慢地向前進
Stop getting yourself worked up over little things.	不要让自己因为一些小事而烦躁了
He arrived in time for the meeting.	他及時趕到了會議
His father doesn't play golf.	他父親不打高爾夫球
There's no one sitting here.	这个座位没人
I'm so worn out.	我好累
Please tell me what you think.	請告訴我你的想法
It's nearly six.	差不多六点了
Tom is the one I want.	汤姆是我要找的人
Excuse me, may I open the window?	不好意思
I'm saving up to buy a new car.	我在省钱买新车
Tom is a good golfer.	汤姆是个不错的高尔夫球手
May I see your claim tags?	我可以看看你的行李條嗎
I've never played golf.	我从没玩过高尔夫
You should get your hair cut.	你该剪头发了
The motel can accommodate as many as 400 guests.	汽车旅馆可以接待多达
You should rewrite this sentence.	你應該重寫這句話
Let's find something to sit on.	讓我們找些可以坐在上面的東西
She succeeded in getting him to tell the truth.	她成功地从他口中得知了真相
Do you believe me?	你相信我吗
I'm a college student.	我是一名大学生
My brother is a college student.	我哥哥是個大學生
Tom might be able to attend the meeting.	汤姆可能能参加会议
Tom's office is on the third floor.	汤姆的办公室在三楼
Come along with us.	和我们一起来吧
It's about the size of an egg.	它的大小就像雞蛋
I'd rather not go there alone.	我寧可不要單獨去那裡
He boasts that he can speak six languages.	他显摆自己能说
These figures don't add up.	这些数字总数不符
This tea tastes good.	這茶味道不錯
I'm hers and she's mine.	我是她的
Do whatever he tells you.	他跟你说什么
I had him write it.	我要他寫
I usually wear jeans on Sunday.	我星期天通常穿牛仔褲
He got wet from the waist to the knees.	他從腰部到膝蓋都濕了
Keep working.	繼續工作
There are some misprints, but all in all, it's a good book.	雖然有一些印刷錯誤
Tom drank my apple juice.	Tom	喝我的蘋果汁
I can start anytime.	我随时可以开始
I want to leave this difficult job to her.	我想让她干这项艰难的工作
The teacher told us a funny story.	老師跟我們說了一個有趣的故事
He'll be back home soon.	他很快就會回家
I don't understand what you are saying.	我不了解你在說什麼
Why do you want to kill me?	你為什麼想殺我
Christmas is right around the corner.	聖誕節快到了
What is your name?	你的名字叫什么
This is the first time that I've heard of this website.	我第一次知道这个网站
This is exactly what I need.	这正是我需要的东西
He will come back sooner or later.	他迟早会回来的
Is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die?	由医生来决定某人何时该死是对的吗
I like short poems.	我喜歡短詩
The clown made a funny face.	小丑做了个鬼脸
Time is the most precious thing in the world.	时间是世界上最宝贵的东西
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.	没有你我无法做到
The eggs are in the basket.	鸡蛋在篮子里
Do you feel like you can't connect with other people?	您觉得您无法与他人交流吗
It takes time to develop political awareness.	培养政治意识要花费时间
Tom is never going to cry.	汤姆永远不会哭
He pretended not to hear me.	他假裝沒有聽見我
My grandmother suffers from osteoporosis.	我外婆患有骨質疏鬆症
I'll take care of it.	我會關照它的
Between you and me, Tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.	汤姆的主意我不太感兴趣
Tom lied to the others.	汤姆向其他人撒谎了
Will this year be different?	今年将会不同以往吗
Help yourself to whatever you like.	隨你喜歡隨便吃
I like jazz music.	我喜歡爵士樂
Is it really possible?	真的是可能的嗎
She was born in America.	她生在美洲
I helped my brother move his desk.	我幫我弟弟搬了他的書桌
I've changed my website's layout.	我改了一下我网站的版面设计
Your dog is very big.	你的狗非常胖
Would you like me to take a look?	你能让我看看吗
I bought a new computer last month.	上个月我买了一台新电脑
I would like to have some more water.	请再给我一些水
I've never known anyone as hypocritical as you.	我从来没有见过谁像你这么虚伪的
This is never going to end.	这将永远继续下去
I haven't made up my mind yet.	我還沒有下定決心
What are your strong points?	你的强项是什么
May I see your driver's license?	我可以看看你的駕駛執照嗎
Let's visit some temples tomorrow.	讓我們明天參觀一些寺廟
I don't like these remarks.	我不喜歡這番話
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.	嗨
The game will be played rain or shine.	無論颳風還是下雨
Can you imagine walking around on the moon?	你可以想象在月球上行走吗
"Is he going to swim tomorrow?" "Yes, he is."	“	他明天去游泳吗
Haste makes waste.	欲速則不達
Will you be there?	你会在那里吗
They had a lovely time together.	他們在一起很愉快
You look very tired.	妳看上去非常累
Because it is written in simple English even a child can understand it.	因為這是用簡單的英語寫的
Do you belong to any clubs?	您隶属哪家俱乐部吗
What Tom said doesn't apply in this situation.	汤姆所言不符时局
We don't have any ice.	我们没有冰激凌
Ten teams competed for the prize.	十支隊伍競逐獎項
Tom will never see you again.	汤姆再也不会见你了
She advised him on that matter.	她就那件事给他提出建议
Tom found the key that he thought he'd lost.	汤姆找到了他以为已经遗失的钥匙
Please show me your injured arm.	請讓我看看你受傷的手臂
They let me go.	他們讓我走
I'm glad someone told me.	真高兴有人告诉我
I hope you have a good trip.	祝你一路顺风
Tom turned on the electric fan.	湯姆打開了電風扇
My brother loves taking pictures of mountains.	我弟弟很喜欢拍山的照片
What does this stand for?	这是什么意思
Let's have a few drinks tonight.	讓我們今晚喝幾杯
Do you believe what he said?	你相信他說的話嗎
We're still doing well.	我们依然做得很好
You may answer the question.	您可以回答问题
It's difficult to do that.	那麼做很難
I work long hours.	我工作數小時
I'm learning how to type.	我正在學如何打字
Let me stop you right there. We don't want to hear about that.	讓我在這打斷你
Tom is wearing the same clothes that he wore yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
Someone ate all my cupcakes.	某人把我的杯形蛋糕吃完了
Does he study English every day?	他每天研讀英語嗎
He ate a box of chocolates.	他吃了一盒巧克力
Tom was hiding under the table.	Tom	躲在桌子底下
I'm as old as he is.	我和他同年
Today is Valentine's Day.	今天是情人节
Have you ever traveled by plane?	你曾經坐飛機旅行過嗎
Evidently, it's going to rain tomorrow.	明天肯定会下雨
Would you care for another glass of beer?	再来一杯啤酒怎么样
Tom tore the ticket to bits.	湯姆把票撕成碎片
It's gotten better.	它會好轉的
Did Tom talk to Mary?	汤姆跟玛丽说话了吗
I'd like to see your sister.	我想见你的姐姐
Do you still want to give me a hug?	你還想給我一個擁抱嗎
Tom pretty much forgot about the meeting.	汤姆差不多忘了开会的事儿
She is busy at present and can't speak to you.	她現在忙
My ideas are different from yours.	我的想法和你的不同
They treat me like a child.	他们把我当小孩
I'll stay here for a bit.	我在这待一会
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and mute.	海伦
He would not agree to our proposal.	他不同意我們的建議
I don't know where my crutches are. Have you seen them?	我不知道把拐杖放哪去了
I don't like the food at that deli.	我不喜欢那家熟食店里的食物
The box is too heavy to carry.	這個箱子太重了無法攜帶
I have to say I envy you guys.	我不得不說我羨慕你們
Can you teach me to play chess?	您能教我下国际象棋吗
Tom said that Mary was probably still studying French.	汤姆说玛丽可能还在学法语
Tom can swim almost as fast as I can.	汤姆几乎能游得跟我一样快
I took it for granted that she would come to our wedding.	我理所当然地认为她会参加我们的结婚典礼
Do you know who he is?	你知道他是誰嗎
Would you lend me your dictionary?	你可以借我你的字典嗎
I opened one eye.	我睁开一只眼睛
The people here are accustomed to the cold.	这里的人习惯了寒冷
I'm sorry my pronunciation isn't very good.	不好意思我发音不太好
Christmas is a special holiday.	聖誕節是一個特別的節日
Where do you live now?	你现在住在哪里
Do you usually have tea for breakfast?	你經常早餐喝茶嗎
I enjoy running.	我喜欢跑步
I am looking for a present for my mother.	我正在为我的妈妈寻找礼物
It's a modern house.	这是一所现代房屋
I didn't expect to hear back from Tom so soon.	我沒想到這麼快就收到湯姆的回信
The black telephone costs more than the white.	黑的电话比白的花钱多
He makes friends with everybody he meets.	他跟所有他遇見的人交朋友
Please answer my question.	请回答我的问题
Tom fell into a vat of sulfuric acid.	Tom	摔倒进一桶硫酸中
How annoying!	真烦人
You may come if you like.	如果你想
They say you shouldn't take rumors seriously, but that's easier said than done.	人们常说不要乱相信谣言
Tom must be crazy.	汤姆一定疯了
I want to go with you.	我想和你一起去
He convinced me of his innocence.	他让我相信他是无辜的
She was listening to music.	她听着音乐
Where do you study?	你在哪里读书
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.	即使太阳从西边出来
Social customs vary from country to country.	国家不同
I don't know either of them.	他们中的任何一位我都不认识
I'd like to make an overseas call.	我想打個國際電話
He tried to kill himself.	他試圖自殺
Please fill in this form.	请填写这份表格
You've got a strong will.	你的意志力很強
I'm sure of his success.	我肯定他会成功的
We study music.	我们学习音乐
I was offended by his behavior.	他的行為冒犯了我
His house was struck by lightning.	他的房子遭到雷擊
I am happiest when I am reading.	當我閱讀的時候
The shell of an egg is easily broken.	蛋壳容易破碎
She looked well when I last saw her.	上次我见到她的时候
I got on the wrong bus.	我上錯車了
What's your favorite game to play with friends?	你最喜歡和朋友玩什麼遊戲
How are you?	你好嗎
The dolphin and trainer communicated much better than we expected.	海豚和驯养员交流得比我们所期望的好得多
I'm daydreaming.	我在做白日梦
I hear you have a new girlfriend.	听说你有新女朋友了
No security system is foolproof.	沒有防傻的安全系統
Nature plays an important role in our life.	大自然在我们的生活中扮演着重要的角色
I'm taking Mary out to dinner tonight.	我今晚带玛丽出去吃饭
Tom works alone.	汤姆独自工作
She's only interested in fish and cockroaches.	她只对鱼和蟑螂感兴趣
His hobby is collecting old stamps.	他的兴趣爱好是收集旧邮票
I'm exhausted.	困死了
I have to go.	我该走了
Cats' eyes are very sensitive to light.	猫的眼睛对光很敏感
Do you know when the supermarket closes?	你知道商场什么时候关门吗
Tom could've figured that out without any help.	汤姆能不依靠任何帮助解决那事
The audience was largely made up of very young children.	大部分观众是年幼的儿童
I wonder if he'll come tonight.	我不知道他今晚會不會來
Tom will likely never do that again.	湯姆不太會再去做那事了
The meeting was called off.	会议取消了
You're such a brat.	你个小屁孩
It only costs $10.00!	只要十元
I was brought up by my grandmother.	我被我的祖母撫養長大
Tomorrow's going to be a big day.	明天是个大日子
How about you?	你們呢
Please come to my house.	请来我家吧
Sorry, that was none of my business.	對不起
Tom asked me to shut the gate.	汤姆让我把门关上
He cannot afford to buy a car, much less a house.	他买不起一辆汽车
He's a fast walker.	他走路很快
Do you take part in any community activities?	你参加社团活动吗
Can you weigh this, please?	請你稱一下這個的重量好嗎
He didn't come to the last meeting.	他最後一場會議沒來
Who's going to believe you?	誰會相信你
Tom is no fool.	汤姆不是傻瓜
Could you please do me a favor?	可否劳驾你帮我个忙
Tom nodded encouragingly.	汤姆点头以示鼓励
I'll go shopping tomorrow.	我明天要去购物
I love watching talk shows.	我愛看脫口秀
It's not your style.	不是你的風格
My father had me wash the car.	父亲让我洗汽车
That house is big.	那棟房子很大
Tom sits at his computer eight hours a day.	Tom	每天在電腦前工作八小時
I was unable to complete the task.	我無法完成這個任務
She's sitting on the bench.	她坐在長椅上
Why don't you sit down and relax?	你為什麼不坐下來放鬆一下
Tom has no one to turn to for help.	汤姆没有能求助的人
What'll the results be?	結果會是甚麼樣的
I have nothing to complain about.	我沒有什麼可抱怨的
The path zigzagged up the steep slope.	這條小路沿著陡峭的斜坡蜿蜒而上
Did you really think I was going to help you?	你真的觉得我会帮你吗
What sound does a giraffe make?	长颈鹿是怎么叫的
Tom didn't know what Mary thought about it.	汤姆不知道玛丽对它怎么想
I quit.	我不干了
When are you leaving?	你什么时候离开
Let's not waste time arguing about it.	我们别再浪费时间争论了
I had some calls to make.	我要打几个电话
My younger brother really likes to take photos of mountains.	我弟弟很喜欢拍山的照片
Please show me the menu.	請給我菜單
She greeted him waving her hand.	她揮著手向他打招呼
He painted a picture of a dog.	他畫了一幅狗的畫
I can't understand this at all.	我一點也不懂這個
We must sleep at least eight hours a day.	我们每天至少该睡八小时
The police arrested him for smuggling.	警察以走私為由逮捕了他
He whistled as he walked.	他邊走邊吹口哨
Australia is the world's fifth-largest coal producer.	澳大利亚是世界第五大煤炭产地
How often does the bus run?	公共汽车多久发车一次
Stop scolding Tom.	别再骂汤姆了
You're still green.	你还年轻
I gave you a book.	我给了你一本书
Tom works at a fast-food restaurant.	汤姆在一家快餐店工作
He showed me her picture.	他給我看了她的照片
Tom told me he'd be right back.	汤姆告诉我他会马上回来
I can't take this pain anymore.	我不能再承受這種痛苦
It turned out that I was right.	結果證明我是對的
That wasn't my intention.	那不是我故意的
Pass me the salt, please.	请把盐递给我
A great warrior radiates strength. He doesn't have to fight to the death.	一名伟大的战士威力显著
You're quite forgetful.	你很健忘
Don't believe what she says.	不要相信她說的話
The boat passed under the bridge.	船從橋下通過
Tom is resting at the moment.	汤姆现在在休息
Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.	每個人都在談論天氣
He is always forgetting things.	他總是忘記事情
It was absolutely brilliant.	它真是太妙了
If you sing, we'll sing with you.	如果你唱
I'm listening to music.	我正在听音乐
I was delayed by a traffic jam.	我被交通堵塞耽擱了
The old man loaded his mule with bags full of sand.	老人在骡子的背上放上了一个个装满了沙的袋子
I don't work on Sundays.	我星期天不工作
Father ran short of money and had to borrow some.	父親缺錢
I can't shut it down.	我不能關掉它
She's my type.	她是我的菜
Which book is yours?	哪本是你們的書
We must not break our promise.	我們不能違背我們的承諾
This is my business address.	这是我的公司地址
I don't know anything about their plan.	我對他們的計劃一無所知
Someone's knocking at the door.	有人在敲門
That house with a red roof is my uncle's.	红色屋顶的房子是我叔叔的屋子
She had already gone to bed when I called her at 11 p.m.	23	点我打电话给她的时候
I hiccup a lot.	我经常打嗝
Where will you go for the vacation?	你要去哪裡度假
I wish I were a good singer.	但願我是一個好歌手
My elbow still hurts.	我的手肘還在痛
It's all the same to me.	对我来说都一样
I don't understand German at all.	我一點也不懂德語
We didn't have much rain last month.	上個月我們這兒沒有下很多雨
Is this your notebook?	這是你的筆記本嗎
We all like you a lot.	我们都非常喜欢你
We have time to spare.	我們有多餘的時間
I miss you.	我想念你
I haven't discussed that with Tom.	我還沒和湯姆討論過那個
Do you have something that you want to say to me?	您有什么事想对我说吗
Every cloud has a silver lining.	每朵雲都披著銀衣
Where are you planning to stay?	你打算在哪裡留宿
No problem!	没问题
Can you help me?	您能帮我吗
It's no use arguing with him.	跟他吵没用
English is taught in most countries.	大部份的國家都教英語
He spent his sixtieth birthday in the hospital.	他在医院里过了他的六十岁生日
What do you say to dining out tonight?	我们今晚出去吃饭
He is old enough to drive.	他年紀夠大可以開車
What's wrong with my legs?	我的腿有什么毛病
This doesn't concern you.	这不是你的事
Why aren't you in jail?	你為何沒有在牢裡
They were going to lose.	他們要輸了
He usually went to bed at eleven.	他通常在十一點上床睡覺
He's crazy about you.	他被你迷住了
I think she is very brave.	我觉得她很勇敢
The news of his death spread.	他去世的消息傳開來了
We'll wait and see what happens.	我們要等等看會發生甚麼
He went out of the room.	他走出了房間
Tom is used to cooking on a campfire.	湯姆習慣用營火做菜
Just give me your name and address.	只要給我你的姓名和住址
I'm not going to give up.	我不会放弃的
You'll have to wait and see.	你得等一等看
Does she have a piano?	她有鋼琴嗎
Rather than live a hundred years as a rabbit, live one day as a tiger.	寧可當隻老虎活一天
This is your pudding.	这是你的布丁
I want to believe in Tom.	我要相信湯姆
Have you heard from Tom?	汤姆那里有联系过你吗
We had no time to finish our report.	我們沒有時間來完成我們的報告
We met her by accident.	我们偶然碰到了她
Who can tell the difference?	谁能说清不同点
Their traditional life style no longer exists.	他们传统的生活方式不再存在
He hopes to go abroad.	他希望到國外去
How unlucky I am!	我真的很倒霉
You're a beautiful young woman.	你是一个美丽的女孩
We've arrived.	我們已經到了
I'll be right with you.	我馬上就来
He asked me if I liked mathematics.	他問我喜不喜歡數學
Please feed the dog every day.	请每天喂一下狗
You're always as busy as a bee.	你總是跟蜜蜂一樣地忙碌
Your cake is delicious.	您的蛋糕很美味
I like mathematics.	我喜欢数学
Somebody caught me by the arm.	有人抓住了我的手臂
I nearly left my umbrella on the train.	我幾乎把我的雨傘忘在火車上
My car broke down this morning and won't be repaired until Friday.	我的车今天早上坏了
What we had to do was really quite simple.	我們要做的很簡單
Let's not watch TV.	我們不要看電視吧
"What happened?" "The car broke down."	“	怎么了
What's the weather forecast for tomorrow?	明天的天气预报怎么说
Are you reading an interesting book?	你在讀有趣的的書嗎
I asked each boy three questions.	我問了每個男孩三個問題
You thought I was through doing that, didn't you?	你还以为我作罢了
I'd like to see you tomorrow.	明天我想见你
Don't point at others.	不能用手指人
He took a quick look at the magazine.	他迅速瞥了一眼杂志
The warnings were ignored.	警告被忽视
We're having an office party tomorrow.	我們明天有個辦公室派對
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?	你还没洗手
Your problem and mine are similar.	你我的问题很相似
You don't understand.	你不了解
I had a little fever this morning.	今天上午我有一點兒發燒
I don't know what to believe anymore.	我再也不知道該信甚麼了
Tom started the engine.	湯姆發動了引擎
Who's the girl in this picture?	這張照片裡的女孩是誰
That's wet.	那是湿的
Do you want to go to the station with me?	要不一起到车站去
I know that you hired Tom.	我知道你僱了湯姆
It's very hot this morning.	今天早上很熱呢
Are you saying you don't want to go to Tom's party?	你的意思是你不想去汤姆的派对
I don't have time to meet up with you.	我没时间跟您碰头
Is this your pencil?	這是你的鉛筆嗎
He dropped in on me last night.	昨晚他来找过我
They got here yesterday.	他們昨天到這裡的
I always kept my promises.	我一直遵守我的諾言
What're you doing there?	你在那里做什么呢
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.	我要知道为什么汤姆要我们那样做
What made her so angry?	什麼事讓她這麼生氣
Tom lost his credibility.	湯姆失去了信譽
He's crazy about soccer.	他酷爱足球
Tom encouraged Mary to learn how to speak French.	汤姆鼓励玛丽学着说法语
I hope you have a good trip.	祝你一路平安
Please think about the problem.	請想想這個問題
I have to hurry!	我要赶紧了
Please say it more loudly.	請說更大聲一點
The car got stuck in the mud.	這輛車陷在泥裡了
I waited for her for a really long time.	我真的等了她很長一段時間
He took a taxi to get there in time.	他打出租车以及时赶到
No kidding?	认真的
I couldn't sleep.	我睡不著
Can I do anything to help?	我能幫上忙嗎
That's Tom's mother.	那是汤姆的妈妈
I missed my chance.	我錯過了我的機會
How about going out for a walk?	出去散步怎麼樣
We cannot overestimate the value of health.	我们不能高估健康的价值
That's a good idea!	真是个好主意
Nobody tried to help Tom.	没人试图帮汤姆
You can pick out any book you like.	你可以選擇任何你喜歡的書
I'll miss you when you're gone.	你走後
I walked as slowly as I could.	我盡可能的走慢一點
May I have something to drink?	我可以喝點東西嗎
Tom searched inside the closet.	汤姆搜查了衣柜里面
Turn right at the next intersection.	请在下一个十字路口右转
You have beautiful lips.	你的嘴唇很漂亮
Keep your eyes open.	睜大你的眼睛
Tom enjoys gardening.	汤姆享受园艺
Tom said that he needed more money.	汤姆说他需要更多钱
I am a student at Oxford University.	我是牛津大学的学生
Flying a kite can be dangerous.	放風箏可以是危險的
He greeted the lady.	他向那位女士问好
Try hard.	努力
It's no use trying to persuade her.	試圖勸她是沒有用的
Let's keep in touch.	让我们保持联络
It was just as I thought.	这正如我想的一样
I remember this map.	我記得這張地圖
I'm not interested in you.	我对你不感兴趣
He shut the door.	他關上了門
They're afraid of me.	他们怕我
They attacked the enemy.	他們襲擊敵人
I was embarrassed by what she said.	她說的話讓我覺得很尷尬
How was your weekend?	你週末過得怎麼樣
There's only one store on the island.	在這個島上只有一家商店
I'm really bad at this.	我实在不擅长这个
I'm a high school student.	我是个高中生
Who built it?	这是谁建的
The ladies were in evening dress.	女士们身着晚礼服
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom is overweight.	觉得汤姆肥的人不止我一个
How about a drink after the game?	比賽結束後喝一杯怎麼樣
The good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry.	这电子辞典的好处就是便于携带
The little cabin was bathed in moonlight.	小木屋沐浴在月光之中
We left home early in the morning.	我們早上很早就離開家了
She's good at bargaining the price down.	她很善于砍价
You should think before you speak.	你在说话前应该先思考
Why do you want to leave today?	你们为什么想今天走
We saw the ground covered with snow.	我们看见地面被雪覆盖了
They have jobs.	他們有工作
Life without love has no meaning at all.	没有爱情的生活毫无意义
In case of fire, push the button.	萬一發生火災
My aunt made a new skirt for me.	我嬸嬸做了一條新裙子給我
Did he tell you what to do?	他告訴過你要做什麼嗎
I chose this topic because I think it's interesting.	我選這個主題是因為我覺得它很有意思
I arrived in Tokyo at noon.	中午
If you want to, call me this afternoon.	如果你想的话
He was forced to sign the document.	他被迫在文件上簽字
He came back from China.	他从中国回来了
The topic is worth discussing.	這是值得探討的話題
The ceremony will take place tomorrow.	明天举行典礼
The guy with a beard is Tom.	长胡子的是汤姆
Perhaps it'll rain in the afternoon.	也許下午會下雨
"Do you think he will come?" "I hope not."	"	你認為他會來嗎
"How are you?" "I'm fine, thank you."	“	你怎么样
I don't sleep in a bed.	我不在床上睡觉
What time do you wake up every day?	你每天幾點起床
I'm shivering with cold.	我的身体被冻得瑟瑟发抖
I'm very anxious about my son's safety.	我很担心我儿子的安全
There are three empty rooms. However, we can't use any of them.	虽然有三间空屋
My father drives to work.	我父親開車去上班
I never liked biology.	我從來沒喜歡過生物學
This is a new experience for Tom.	这对于汤姆是新体验
My father drives a very old car.	我的父親開一輛舊車
His speech lasted three hours.	他的演讲持续了三个小时
Are you sure you and Tom have enough water?	你确定你和汤姆有足够的水吗
It's been ten years since we last met.	我們離上次見面有十年了
What happened to you?	你到底怎麼回事啊
How was the French class?	法语课怎么样
You'd better have your hair cut at once.	你最好立刻剪頭髮
Stay out of the rain.	躲雨
I miss Boston.	我想念波士頓
How will we protect ourselves?	我們怎麼保護自己
He solved the difficult problem.	他解決了難題
Hold on a moment, please.	请稍等一下
You're photogenic.	你很上相
That isn't your problem.	不是你的問題
This is typical.	这是典型的
You seem to be prejudiced against ideas that come from foreign countries.	你似乎對來自國外的想法有偏見
I wrote down the address for you.	我給你寫下了地址
My teeth aren't as white as I'd like them to be.	我的牙齿没有我希望的那样白
This is the room where the author killed himself.	这就是那个作家自杀的房间
She made me a nice dress.	她做了一件好看的衣服給我
I feel comfortable in his company.	我在他的公司裡覺得很舒服
She asked him questions.	她問了他問題
It's a waste of time and money.	这是在浪费时间和金钱
You'll find it difficult to meet her requirements.	你会发现难以满足她
She is just a child.	她只是個孩子
Tom came to Boston three years ago.	汤姆三年前去了波士顿
I go to school.	我去学校
He is constantly finding fault with other people.	他总是挑别人的毛病
Every morning we take the dog for a walk in the park.	我们每天早上到公园里遛狗
We can't give up.	我们不能放弃
I even work on Sundays.	我甚至在週日工作
What do you think of this plan?	你覺得這個計畫如何
Please get dressed.	请穿衣服
May I go to the bathroom?	我可以去洗手間嗎
The cat is eating.	这只猫在吃东西
This is a science fiction book.	这是一部科学幻想小说
You're bound to fail.	你注定失败
Something's wrong with my camera.	我的相機有毛病
Tom and I were business partners.	Tom	跟我是商業夥伴
Do you know how to do this?	你知道怎么做吗
Would you like a cup of coffee?	你要來杯咖啡嗎
What do you want it for?	您要它干什么
To make matters worse, he isn't even conscious of annoying his neighbors.	让事情更糟糕的是
I know that life is short.	我知道生命是短暂的
I don't see any bullet holes.	我没看见什么弹孔
I don't like tea.	我不喜欢喝茶
He is not stupid.	他不是傻子
Can I go swimming this afternoon?	我今天下午可以去游泳嗎
I don't want to lose you.	我不想失去你
It's very big of you to admit you're wrong.	你能承认你错了是很伟大的
What is that?	那是什么啊
I'm grateful for what Tom did.	我很感激汤姆所做的
Who cares when she gets married?	誰管她什麼時候結婚
This is the last time I'll ask you to do anything for me.	这是我最后一次让你为我做点事了
I want to meet your older sister.	我想認識你姐姐
Why did you stay at home yesterday?	你昨天為甚麼在家
They're all innocent children.	他们都是无辜的孩子
Under no circumstances must you leave the room.	在任何情況下你都不能離開這個房間
You'll miss me when I'm gone.	我走了你会想我
The police have been searching for the stolen goods for almost a month.	警察大概从一个月前就开始找被偷物品了
I think that fact is very important.	我認為事實非常重要
The dog chased the rabbit.	狗追兔子
Are you hiding something?	你是不是瞒着我什么
The jet landed at Tokyo.	這架客機降落在東京了
I want to brush up my English.	我要溫習一下我的英文
I looked in the cupboard.	我瞧了瞧橱柜
He doesn't care much for baseball.	他不太关注棒球
What's wrong with your dog?	你的狗怎麼了
I wish that you had told me the truth then.	但願你那時候就告訴我真相
It's a clear day.	天空很晴朗
What do you learn English for?	你為什麼學英文
Where's the dining room?	餐厅在哪里
I love watching soccer games.	我爱看足球
I'm not used to drinking coffee without sugar.	我不习惯喝无糖咖啡
My father is a native French speaker and my mother is a native English speaker.	我父亲的母语是法语
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive a car.	我母亲有驾照
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?	我要写一封信
You make life worth living.	你讓生命值得活下去
I like my coffee without sugar.	我喜欢喝咖啡不加糖
I went into the navy.	我加入了海軍
She put the magazine on the table.	她把雜誌放在桌上
We used to go to the movies on Saturday evening.	我们曾经总在星期六傍晚去看电影
Do you go to school by bus?	你搭公車上下學嗎
This document was actually written by Tom.	這文件其實是湯姆寫的
I opened the door.	我開了門
Tom is working the night shift.	湯姆上夜班
I gave them one thousand yen each.	我給了他們每個人一千日元
I just couldn't say no.	我就是不能说不
Beer bottles are made of glass.	啤酒瓶是玻璃做的
Please help me.	請幫助我
He showed us his mother's picture.	他给我们看他母亲的照片
Tom and Mary ended 30 years of marriage.	汤姆和玛丽结束了三十年的婚姻
He is able to play the guitar.	他會彈吉他
Won't you have some more tea?	您不想再喝点茶吗
He regrets his having wasted his money.	他后悔自己的挥金如土
Every time I read the Bible, I am deeply moved.	每次我读圣经都会被深深地感动
I know that Tom is watching me.	我知道湯姆在看着我
Tom is delighted.	汤姆兴奋不已
I want to spend the whole day with you.	我想跟你度過一整天
I could hear dogs barking all night.	我整夜都能听到狗叫
The bus was two minutes early.	巴士早了兩分鐘
I have to say no.	我必须拒绝
I don't think that it's a good idea.	我觉得这主意不行
There are twelve months in a year.	一年有十二個月
It's just started raining.	刚开始下雨
I think that watching TV is a waste of time.	我觉得看电视是浪费时间
She was making tea.	她正在泡茶
Would 9 o'clock be all right?	9	點可以嗎
Put some water into the vase.	在花瓶裡裝些水
My father goes jogging every morning.	我父親每天早上都跑步
I made sure no one was following me.	我確定沒人跟踪我
I want to rent a car.	我想要租車
Tom bought a ticket.	汤姆买了张票
I agree with your opinion.	我同意您的意見
Coal and natural gas are natural fuels.	煤和天然氣是天然燃料
One after another, the animals died.	動物一個接一個的死亡
I didn't do anything during my vacation.	在假期中我什麼都沒有做
This city is 1,600 meters above sea level.	这座城市海拔
He had a book in his hand.	他手里拿着一本书
Some of them are healthy, but others are not.	他们中的一些人身体健康
This pencil is better than that one.	這支鉛筆比那隻好
I'm pretty busy.	我挺忙
He does not like tennis.	他不喜欢网球
There were lots of people.	有很多人
When was Tom fired?	湯姆什麼時候被解雇的
Taxi fares will go up next month.	計程車費將在下個月漲價
It makes me feel sad.	这让我感到沮丧
How about calling it a day?	今天就做到這裡如何
Only 3 out of the 98 passengers survived.	98	名乘客只有
What time does your class end?	您几点下课
This mountain is covered in snow all year round.	这座山全年覆盖着雪
What more would you want?	你還想要什麼
Can I borrow your car?	我能借你的车吗
Are you going to use this?	你要用這東西嗎
What are you cooking?	你在煮什麼
Her book is very interesting.	她的書非常有趣
Play us a tune.	给我们弹一手
You look tired. You should rest a little.	你看起來累了
Whether he comes or not, the result will be the same.	他来还是不来
He appears to be strong and healthy.	他看起来健康强壮
Don't worry.	别擔心
Tom is a lot younger than Mary is.	汤姆比玛丽年轻许多
There wasn't a single survivor.	一个幸存者都没有
It's convenient for me to see you at ten tonight.	我今晚
He came to my office yesterday.	他昨天來我的辦公室
What did you buy?	你買了什麼
You must control yourself.	你必須控制自己
The pain has gone.	疼痛消失了
Let me ask a stupid question.	我来问个有点傻的问题
J.F. Kennedy was buried in Arlington Cemetery.	约翰甘迺迪被安葬在阿靈頓公墓
Mary isn't really sick. She's faking it.	玛丽不是真病
Wipe the pan dry with a paper towel.	用纸巾把平底锅擦干
If it rains tomorrow, I'll just stay at home.	如果明天下雨
Tom began to learn French about three years ago.	汤姆大约三年前开始学法语
Roll the ball to me.	把球传给我
Do you have a fever?	你發燒了嗎
Help yourself to a piece of cake.	你们自己吃蛋糕
While I was reading, I fell asleep.	當我讀書的時候
I don't think that it can get any worse.	我不认为那可以变得更糟
If I lost my key, I wouldn't be able to lock the door.	如果我弄丟了我的鑰匙
I did not participate in the dialog.	我没有参与对话
Don't ever underestimate Tom.	千万不可低估汤姆
Please don't forget to mail this letter.	请不要忘记寄信
Please wait here a moment.	请在这儿等一会儿
I gave careful consideration to the problem.	我仔細地考慮了這個問題
Tom needs encouragement.	湯姆需要鼓勵
How many books do you have?	你有多少本書
Tom helped me fix my watch.	汤姆帮我修好了我的手表
Let's get off here.	我们在这里下车吧
I really think we should do this.	我真的认为我们该做这事
I didn't know who Tom was at first.	我一开始不知道汤姆是谁
We helped them as well.	我们也是帮他们的
I haven't been sailing for years.	我好久没坐帆船了
My son is taller than I am.	我兒子比我高
Do you remember?	你记得吗
I don't get what you mean.	我不明白你的意思
I wanted to become a philosopher.	我想成为哲学家
He's afraid that he might be late.	他担心他可能会迟到
I can't hide my feelings.	我不能掩饰我的心情
Which ones are Tom's?	哪个是汤姆的
Please sing.	请唱歌
Put on your good shoes.	穿上你的好鞋
You could have done it.	你本來可以做的
He promised to come, but he didn't come.	他保证过会来却没有来
The sun comes up in the east and goes down in the west.	太阳从东边升起
He likes traveling and so do I.	他喜欢旅行
It's not practical.	这不实用
It sounds like they're not going to leave.	听着好像他们不打算走
I haven't finished breakfast yet.	我還沒吃完早飯
The system worked.	系统运行起来了
Could we have a table outside?	我們在外面可以有一張桌子嗎
She pretended to be a student.	她假装是学生
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.	太阳从东边升起
He ran as fast as he could.	他跑得能有多快就有多快
Tom put some salt on his eggs.	湯姆在蛋上撒鹽
She's not yet heard the news.	她还没听到这个消息
I studied English when I was there.	當我在那裡的時候
My uncles come to see me from time to time.	我的叔叔們有時會來探望我
Enthusiasm is contagious.	热情具有传染性
I like your family.	我喜欢你的家庭
It's a nice day.	今天天氣很好
It is an endangered species.	这是一个濒临灭绝的物种
You nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil.	你的鉛筆差點戳到我的眼睛了
I like that place.	我喜歡那個地方
Your memory isn't too good.	您记性不太好
Tom is lonely.	汤姆很孤独
What's happened to you?	你到底怎麼回事啊
He looked young beside his brother.	他在他弟弟旁边显得很年轻
This is not a sentence.	這不是一個句子
Be careful not to catch a cold.	小心不要感冒了
Where did you go yesterday?	你昨天去哪裡了
She is good at playing tennis.	她擅長打網球
I think so.	我想是這樣的
I didn't know Tom was your cousin.	我不知道汤姆是你的堂兄
I can't believe Tom is getting married.	我不能相信汤姆要结婚了
Only a fool would do something like that.	傻瓜才会那么干
Who are you looking for, Tom?	你在找誰
We saw him walking across the street.	我們看見他正在過馬路
I sometimes still think about her.	有時候
What's Tom's excuse?	汤姆的借口是什么
My underwear is dirty.	我的內衣髒了
This lake is the deepest lake in Japan.	这片湖是日本最深的
Why didn't you read the magazine?	你为什么不读这杂志呢
It's not possible to know everything.	全知是不可能的
I'm sorry to put you through that.	很抱歉让你遭这罪
That's what Tom wanted.	那就是汤姆想要的
You'll be answering the phones.	你要接電話
It's too late now.	现在太晚了
Don't get involved with that guy.	別和這個人打交道
He talks as if he were a teacher.	他说话就像一位老师
Do your gums bleed?	你的牙齦流血嗎
Where does it leave from?	它从哪里离开的
The price of the book was $5.	这本书的价格是
Don't look down on others.	不要看不起別人
We had three tries and failed each time.	我们试了三次
She looked more beautiful than ever.	她似乎比以往任何时候都漂亮
He is a pleasant person.	他是个好脾气的人
She might know that we are here.	她或许知道我们在这儿
Do you want to speak to Tom?	你想跟汤姆说话吗
Slow down.	慢一點
That affair made him famous.	那件事情使他一舉成名
That was one of the best times of my life.	那是我一生中最美好的时光之一
I hate my neighbors.	我讨厌我的邻居
You have to obey the law.	你必须遵守法律
It's the only thing I can think of.	这是我唯一能想到的事了
He looks happy.	他看上去很幸福
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.	鳳凰城是亞利桑那州的首府
Tom lied to Mary.	汤姆对玛丽撒了谎
You can't say no.	你无法说
She wrote a book about birds.	她寫了一本關於鳥類的書
He has a good grasp of English.	他精通英文
My baby began crying, asking for milk.	我的宝宝开始哭了
Don't let this information leak out.	不要让这些信息泄露出去
Did you see my father?	你看到我父亲了吗
That dog is big.	這隻狗很大
You need to put more water in the vase.	你需要往花瓶里加更多的水
I can't hear very well.	我聽不太清楚
Let's just eat.	我們吃吧
Could you cancel my reservation?	你能取消我的預訂嗎
He is getting along with his neighborhood.	他和他的邻居相处
I have a boat.	我有一艘小船
I like both science and math.	科学和数学我都喜欢
I'm never coming back here again.	我不会再回来了
What do you think of this one?	这个你觉得怎样
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.	俄羅斯的貝加爾湖是世界上最深的湖泊
Somebody is playing the piano.	有人正在彈鋼琴
Auckland is a city in New Zealand.	奥克兰是一座新西兰的城市
Tell me what to do with it.	告诉我拿它做什么
Tom suddenly looked concerned.	湯姆突然看起來在擔心
Except for one person, everybody went home.	除了一人
I need to go to work.	我得去工作了
I live too far away.	我住得太遠了
What happened to you?	你到底怎么回事啊
Tom studies at Harvard.	汤姆在哈佛学习
He became an orphan when he was ten.	十岁时他就成了孤儿
Many improvements have been made since this century began.	本世纪初以来
Absolutely nothing is permanent in life.	生活中绝对没有什么是持久的
She is gracious to everyone.	她对谁都很和蔼可亲
Which is heavier, lead or gold?	哪個比較重
I'm making a movie.	我在製作電影
I stood waiting for a bus.	我站著等公車
Each member has to pay 10,000 yen a month.	每位会员每月需支付一万日元
Tom often takes pictures with his phone.	汤姆经常用手机拍照
She has three brothers.	她有三个兄弟
Her only pleasure is listening to music.	她唯一的樂趣就是聽音樂
The roses in the garden are blooming.	在花園裡的玫瑰正盛開著
There are two zeros in the number "2010."	2010	这个数字里有两个零
I ate your strawberries.	我吃了你的草莓
I have a sore throat.	我喉嚨痛
We've got too much work to do.	我們要做的工作太多了
This desk takes up too much room.	這張桌子太佔空間了
Nobody gave us a chance.	没人给我们机会
What is Gestalt Therapy?	什么是格式塔疗法
This old house is haunted.	这个老房子闹鬼
You and I need to have a talk.	你我之间需要来场谈话
Pride cometh before a fall.	骄傲是失败的先行者
Do you get it?	懂么
Tom found me a taxi.	湯姆幫我叫了輛計程車
Stay down!	趴着
Please have someone else do it.	請讓別人去做
I asked him to help me.	我請他幫我
Tom looks pale.	湯姆看起來很蒼白
I bought a book online.	我在網上買了一本書
How do you spell your name?	你怎麼拼你的名字的
He cleared his throat.	他清了清喉嚨
What do you think should be done about it?	你觉得对此该做什么
Prices have been climbing steadily.	價格一直在穩定地攀升
Doing that is a waste of your time.	做那事是浪费你的时间
I don't feel like studying today in this heat.	今天太热了
Only adults may watch that film.	只有成人可以看那种电影
We're not the ones getting married.	我们不是结了婚的人
She rides a motorcycle well.	她骑摩托车的技术不错
The car pulled up in front of the bank.	这辆车在银行前面停下来了
We talked over the plan with him.	我們和他談了這個計劃
We promise you that we'll never do it again.	我们保证我们不会再做了
Seen from the sky, the river looked like a huge snake.	从天上看下来
That's the man who lives next door.	那是住在隔壁的男人
Tom is friendly to everyone.	汤姆对每个人都很友好
He got his meaning across to me.	他把他的意思對我講清楚了
Tom is watching a video.	湯姆在看影片
Come over to my house.	来我家吧
What goes up must come down.	有起必有落
I wish you luck.	我祝您好运
He passed the entrance examination.	他通過了入學考試
I only speak a little French.	我只会说一点法语
I met him on the street.	我在街上遇到他
The report is utterly false.	这份报告完全错误
Wait and see.	走著瞧
There is a village over the mountain.	在山巔上有一個村莊
Nobody wants you to do that.	没人想要你那样做
Seeing the fresh lobster made me hungry.	看见新鲜龙虾
I'm OK.	我沒事
Tom and I wrote a book together.	湯姆跟我一起寫了一本書
We're against war.	我们反对战争
He kept a diary during the trip.	他旅行期间
I forgot to ask him.	我忘记问他了
Parents are responsible for their children's education.	父母承担教育子女的责任
Let's forget about what happened today.	忘了今天的事儿吧
If you don't leave, I'll sic my dogs on you.	如果你不离开
He has a test next week.	他下禮拜要考試
Please wait on him first.	請先等他
She is collecting material for a book.	她为一本书收集材料
His help has been invaluable.	他的援助真是雪中送炭
War doesn't make anybody happy.	战争不会使任何人幸福
That fox must have killed the hen.	那隻狐狸殺了一隻母雞
They furnished the library with many books.	他们给图书馆提供了很多书
I'll be here tomorrow, I think.	看來我明天會到這裡來
Zero comes before one.	零在一前面
That's what I always say.	那是我經常說的
At last, we reached our destination.	我们终于达到了我们的目标
Mary isn't really sick. She's just pretending to be sick.	玛丽不是真病
Tom wants to sleep on it.	汤姆想在它上面睡觉
I'm sure you'll be interested.	我确定你會感興趣
I hate silent movies.	我讨厌无声电影
This is quite good.	这可真好
UFO stands for unidentified flying object.	UFO	代表不明飛行物體
I want to marry a girl like her.	我想和一个像她那样的女孩结婚
The problem is that solar energy costs too much.	問題是
I'm not a university student, but I'm brighter than them.	我不是一個大學生
Say hello to your father for me.	代我向你父親問好
You ought to have come to see me yesterday.	你昨天應該來看我的
Travel agencies' profits soared.	旅行社的利润猛涨
I don't see much of him.	我不常見到他
Tom doesn't enjoy tennis and never has.	汤姆不喜欢网球
If you're tired, just let me know.	困了的话就说哦
With your help, we'll catch Tom.	在你的帮助下我们会抓到汤姆
We have three kids.	我們有三個孩子
He's a bit energetic.	他有点活泼
They know nothing.	他們什麼都不知道
Why don't you wait here while I finish what I'm doing?	为什么你不在这里等到我做完为止
Does she like oranges?	她喜歡柳橙嗎
This is my project.	這是我的項目
The sight of the money tempted him into stealing.	看到这笔钱使他被诱惑偷东西
Tom is Mary's uncle.	汤姆是玛丽的叔叔
Tom said it was cold in Boston this time of year.	汤姆说一年中这时候波士顿很冷
Did you visit the Tower of London?	你參觀倫敦塔了嗎
They arrived at the hotel.	他们抵达了酒店
I'm always busy with my homework.	我總是忙於功課
"Let's go," he said to me.	"	咱們走吧
I got fired from the company, but since I have a little money saved up, for the time being, I won't have trouble with living expenses.	虽然我被公司解雇了
Tom finally understood it.	汤姆最终明白了
I hope I'm not boring you.	希望我没有烦到你
I have a headache.	我头痛
She is wearing a hat.	她戴著一頂帽子
I live here.	我住在這
My memory failed me. I just could not remember his name.	我的記性不好
I'm on the roof now.	我现在在屋顶上
We had a late lunch at two.	我們在兩點鐘很晚才吃午餐
Almost everyone came.	几乎每个人都来了
Could you give me a discount?	能给我打个折么
She stirred her coffee with a teaspoon.	她用茶匙搅她的咖啡
This is a picture of an airport.	這是一張機場的照片
It is an endangered species.	这是一个濒临消失的物种
He's sleeping like a baby.	他正睡着
I have breakfast at seven.	我在七點吃早飯
Tom admitted he'd killed Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
No one escaped alive.	沒有人生還
Do you have any brothers?	你有兄弟吗
He extended his right arm.	他伸长了他的右手
Teachers also make mistakes.	老师也会犯错
Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.	你咳嗽
Tom bought a house for Mary.	汤姆给玛丽买了个房子
Is everything going OK at work?	工作一切顺利吗
Where did you meet Tom?	你是在哪里认识汤姆的
I quit smoking a year ago.	我一年前戒了烟
It's very easy to miss this kind of mistake.	这种错误很容易被人忽视
Give me the book back once you've finished reading it.	在你讀完後
I said to myself, "That's a good idea."	我对自己说
We were just about to enter the room.	我们正要进房间
Let's play baseball!	我們去打棒球吧
Those are encouraging signs.	那些都是好迹象
My mother is a lawyer.	我妈妈是个律师
Do you have a favorite color?	你有喜欢的颜色吗
Sometimes I see him at the club.	我偶尔会在俱乐部碰到他
Tom is out of the country.	湯姆在國外
I'd rather be poor than rich.	我更愿意贫穷而不是富裕
Is it really that hard to speak French?	说法语真有那么难吗
You can no longer hurt me.	你不再能伤害到我了
Aren't you happy?	你不快樂嗎
My parents taught me to respect my elders.	我的父母教育我应该尊敬老人
Don't intrude on her privacy.	不要侵犯她的隐私
It's all Greek to me.	我对此一窍不通
Tom undressed and got into bed.	汤姆脱光睡觉了
I have no friends.	我没有朋友
Would you pass the salt, please?	請你把鹽遞過來好嗎
Tom said that he was curious.	汤姆说他很好奇
Life without love has no meaning.	没有爱的人生没有意义
I didn't expect that result.	我没有期望得到这样的结果
Tom also talked.	湯姆也說話了
This is not safe.	这不安全
If you want it, you can have it.	如果你想要的话
We expect to win.	我们看來會赢
I majored in philosophy in college.	我在大學主修哲學
The boat was piloted safely into harbor.	船被安全地领入港口
My father takes a walk every morning.	我父親每天早上去散步
This couch is very comfortable.	这个沙发很舒服
Choose the color you like the best.	選你最喜歡的顏色
How long have you been in here?	你来这里多久了
Tom isn't an idiot.	汤姆不是白痴
Do you have a menu in English?	你有英語的菜單嗎
Tom doesn't believe he could do that.	湯姆不相信他能做到
She ran as fast as possible.	她盡可能地快跑
We went to school together.	我们曾一起上学的
Tom crushed the garlic.	汤姆捣碎了大蒜
Sometimes the Allies could not avoid battle.	有时候盟军无法避免战争
My father often washes the dishes.	我爸爸常常洗碗
I like playing baseball.	我喜歡打棒球
We should cancel the hike.	我們應該取消這次遠足
Tom can't drive a bus.	湯姆不能開巴士
I worked a lot this week.	我这周干了很多活
You should keep your valuables in a safe place.	你该把你的值钱物品保存在一个安全的地方
I'd like to talk about your situation.	我想談談你的情況
We must respect other people's privacy.	我們必須尊重別人的私隱
I can't see anything without my glasses.	我没带眼镜就什么都看不到
Is Tom afraid of dogs?	汤姆怕狗吗
Any book will do.	哪一本书都行
Today is one of my friends' birthday.	今天是我一个朋友的生日
Tom always sings out of tune.	汤姆唱歌总跑调
Mother made a doll for me.	妈妈给我做了一个洋娃娃
I'll see to it.	由我来做
Tom can't find his bag.	汤姆找不到他的包了
He did all he could to protect his son.	他尽一切所能去保護他的兒子
After several delays, the plane finally left.	經過數次延遲之後
Tom is going to paint the fence tomorrow.	Tom	明天將漆柵欄
He's an old friend of mine.	他是我的老朋友
Perhaps Tom is too old to do this kind of thing.	也許
Tom didn't attempt to reply.	汤姆不企图回应
You're the boss.	服了你了
It'll cost about 10,000 yen.	這將花費約
He ran faster than his brother did.	他跑得比他哥哥快
Maybe I should just tell Tom the truth.	可能我就該告訴湯姆真相
Give me a glass of water, please.	請給我一杯水
Great progress has been made.	已经取得巨大进展
She was a genius in mathematics.	她是个数学天才
You're really a hard worker.	你真是个努力的工人
He hasn't answered my letter yet.	他还没回我的信
I spent 10 dollars on it.	我在这东西上花了十美元
He wrote to me yesterday.	昨天他寫信給我
Somebody is eating.	有人在吃东西
Please do that.	麻煩您那樣做
English is useful in commerce.	英語在商業中很有用
Wait here for a while.	在这儿等一会儿
Are you speaking to me?	你是在对我说吗
The only sound to be heard was the ticking of the clock.	唯一能听到的声音是钟的滴答声
You got me.	算你狠
Tom has known Mary since childhood.	汤姆从小就认识玛丽了
Tom is the richest guy I know.	汤姆是我所知道的最有钱的家伙
What do you think he did?	你覺得他這樣做怎麼樣
I was expecting you last night.	昨天晚上我等著你來
This homework is difficult for me.	這個家庭作業對我來說很困難
When did you change your address?	你什麼時候更改了你的地址
Have you already rung the doorbell?	你按門鈴了嗎
He's afraid of the dog.	他怕那只狗
He is used to traveling.	他習慣了旅行
Could you please pull the weeds and water the flowers?	你可不可以帮忙除草浇花
Could you send it to this address?	你能把它送到這個地址嗎
My house is near the station.	我家离火车站很近
He heard the news on the radio.	他從收音機聽到了這個消息
I've been lied to by Tom for the last time.	我最后一次被汤姆骗
What do you think?	你認為如何
Stop pretending that everything's okay. It's not.	不要再假装一切都好了
I've got to go now.	我現在得走了
What do you think about that?	关于那个你有什么看法
I still prefer to write letters by hand.	我更喜欢用手写信
I'll come to pick it up later.	我晚点再来拿
I want to talk to him.	我想跟他說話
Air is a mixture of gases.	空气是气体的混合物
I feel unwell.	我感觉不舒服
Flowers bloom.	鮮花盛開
I noticed she was wearing a new hat.	我注意到她当时戴了顶新帽子
Tom has no intention of asking Mary to the upcoming dance.	Tom	没有意图去邀请
Have any letters arrived for me?	到的有我的信吗
I go into town every weekend.	我每周末都会去市区
He was leaning against the wall.	他靠著牆
Have you ever loved a man?	你曾經愛過一個男人嗎
Please give me a glass of water.	请你给我一杯水
You're drunk.	你喝醉了
I asked the doctor some questions.	我問了醫生一些問題
It's hard to say what the weather will be like tomorrow.	很难说明天的天气将会怎样
I need a taxi.	我需要一輛出租車
This is a matter of the utmost importance.	这件事至关重要
He works hard all the year round.	他一年到頭努力工作
You must be careful not to make him angry.	你要小心別惹他生氣
Being rich isn't enough.	有钱还不够
He painted all the walls green.	他把所有的牆壁漆成了綠色
The sum of 5 and 3 is 8.	五和三的總和是八
You can go to the ballpark on this bus.	坐這個公車可以到球場
We hurried in the direction of the fire.	我們急忙跑向火
I don't know whether I have time or not.	我不知道有没有时间
I didn't participate in the conversation.	我没有参与对话
I am at home.	我在家裡
Tom was buried Monday.	汤姆在周一被埋了
He married an actress.	他和一个女演员结婚了
I grew up in Boston.	我在波士頓成長
Tom sat on that park bench for nearly three hours.	汤姆在公园的长椅上坐了将近三个小时
I'd like to know the phone number of the nearest American Express office.	我想知道最近的美國運通辦事處的電話號碼
We can take Tom.	我们可以带上汤姆
They waited for him for hours.	他們等了他好幾個小時
It's just your imagination.	那只是你的想象
That goes without saying.	不言而喻
Do you want to get some lunch?	你想吃点午饭吗
London is among the world's largest cities.	伦敦是全世界最大的城市之一
He always wanted to study Japanese.	他一直想學日語
Were you in Boston last summer?	你上个夏季在波士顿吗
I can't take this pain anymore.	我不能再忍受這種痛苦了
Tom wrote down something in his notebook.	湯姆在他的筆記本上寫了東西
Many small companies went bankrupt.	许多小公司倒闭了
I had a good dream last night.	昨晚
Tom has a pretty big mouth.	汤姆是一个大嘴巴
He's accustomed to traveling.	他習慣了旅行
He imitated the works of Van Gogh.	他模仿了梵高的作品
She's only a child.	她只是個孩子
I want to eat ice cream.	我想吃冰淇凌
The pharmacy is near the hospital.	藥局在醫院附近
I don't like studying.	我不喜欢学习
I will ask him tomorrow.	明天我会问他的
The probe is equipped with a microphone.	探头配有麦克风
I don't smoke weed.	我不吸大麻
He was happy at the news of her success.	听到她成功的消息
I'd like a room in the back.	我想要一間後面的房間
I went there many times.	我去那裡很多次了
Spring is my favorite season.	春天是我最喜歡的季節
Could you tell me how to get there?	请问我该怎么去那里
I'm very interested in these stories.	我对这些故事很感兴趣
He went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.	他去義大利的目的是學習音樂
I'll bring one more towel.	我再拿块毛巾过来
Get it done as soon as possible.	盡快把它完成
Many workers were trapped in the coal mine.	許多勞動者受困在煤礦場中
Do you think Tom is having fun?	你認為湯姆玩得高興嗎
Kyoto is famous for its old temples.	京都以古廟有名
The game ended at nine o'clock.	比賽在九點鐘結束
I wonder why he did that.	我不知道他為什麼那樣做
Don't go out after it gets dark.	天黑以後不要出門
Tom didn't seem that happy.	汤姆看来不高兴
This is your book.	這是你的書
She is very pretty, isn't she?	她很漂亮
My nephew is allergic to eggs.	我侄子對雞蛋過敏
I arrived here yesterday.	我昨天到這裡的
No arrests were ever made.	根本就没实施过逮捕行动
I will see them next week.	我下周会去见他们
I'm tired.	我很累
This is a true story.	这个故事是真的
May I ask how old you are?	请问您老人家高寿
You'd better go back home now.	你現在最好回家
You hardly ate anything.	你们几乎什么都没有吃
If I were invisible, I wouldn't have to wear anything.	若我是隱形的
Buy Tom a beer.	给汤姆买一瓶啤酒
She decided to quit her job.	她決定辭去工作
Was Tom watching TV last night?	湯姆昨天晚上在看電視嗎
You have to study more.	你该学得更多
Is he still interested?	他還有興趣嗎
What's the purpose of your visit?	你此行的目的是什麼
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.	水在攝氏
Tom is just a crazy old man.	湯姆只是一個瘋老頭
Do it somewhere else.	到别处去做
I am a shy boy.	我是一個害羞的男孩
Tom finally stopped.	汤姆终于停了
I feel comfortable.	我感觉很舒服
My uncle had me act as a translator.	我叔叔讓我擔任翻譯
Do you believe there are ghosts?	你相信有幽灵吗
Watch my camera for me.	幫我看著我的相機
His wife is in the hospital because she was injured in a car crash.	他的妻子在醫院裡因為她在一場車禍中受傷了
I'll stay here till you get back.	我會待在這裡直到你回來
Did you buy a round-trip ticket?	你买了往返的票吗
My daughter is in her late teens.	我的女兒快二十歲了
I'm not that easily intimidated.	我不是輕易嚇得住的
He painted a dog.	他畫了一隻狗
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.	总体上说
Tom thought he had a chance to make a lot of money on the stock market.	汤姆觉得他有机会在股市赚一大笔钱
You have the same racket as I have.	你的球拍跟我的一樣
He did everything he could for his child.	他為自己的孩子能做的都做了
We're all going to die anyway.	不管怎样
My wife has just cleared the table.	我太太剛剛清理了桌子
He is three years younger than Father.	他比爸爸年轻三岁
Let me come in.	让我进去
Can I see this one?	我能看看這個嗎
I have a car.	我有一辆车
That isn't French.	那不是法语
The mechanic assembled the engine.	這名技師組裝了這台引擎
What time did you get up this morning?	你今天几点起的床
Playing tennis is a lot of fun.	打網球很有趣
These oranges are very sour.	這些橘子很酸
He knows how to make a radio.	他知道如何做收音机
What's your favorite movie?	你最喜歡的電影是哪部
Do you eat out often?	你常常外食嗎
You need a car if you live in the suburbs.	要住在郊区的话
I'm waiting for the store to open.	我正等著這家店開門
Dinner will be ready by six-thirty.	晚餐將在六點半前開飯
You should know this.	你該知道這事
Can you hear me?	你听得见吗
He went there ten years ago.	他十年前去了那里
I'm full.	我吃飽了
I talked him out of the idea.	我说服他放弃了这个主意
I have almost no money with me.	我身上幾乎沒有錢
She survived her husband by ten years.	她比丈夫多活十年
You need to go home right now.	你要現在就回家
She furnished the room with beautiful furniture.	她用漂亮的家具佈置了房間
He knows how to play the piano.	他知道如何彈鋼琴
Is somebody there?	那边有人吗
I have to go to sleep.	我该去睡觉了
Could you tell me the Wi-Fi password?	能不能請你告訴我
Could you help me?	您能幫我嗎
Everybody is here.	每个人都在这里
Do you want to eat this?	你想吃這個嗎
This book isn't interesting at all.	這本書一點也不有趣
What's the matter with you?	你怎么了
I want to just focus on the positive.	我只想注意积极方面
It's healthy to breathe deeply.	深呼吸有益健康
How many years did Tom work here?	汤姆在这里工作了几年
I've already read today's paper.	我已經看過了今天的報紙
I have many abilities.	我有很多才能
He sometimes drops in on me.	他有时候会来看我
In recent years, science has made remarkable progress.	这几年
I caught a beautiful butterfly.	我抓到一隻漂亮的蝴蝶
I am counting on you.	我指望你了
Tom took Mary to the hospital on the back of his motorcycle.	汤姆把玛丽放到他的摩托车背上送到医院
Was his story true?	他的故事是真的吗
I really didn't even notice.	我真的根本沒注意到
I collect stamps.	我收集郵票
There was a shortage of fuel.	燃料短缺
Please don't leave me alone.	拜托
He crashed his car because someone tampered with the brakes.	他撞车是因为有人在刹车上做了手脚
He's used to speaking in public.	他習慣在公眾場合說話
Would you please open the door?	請你開門好嗎
The case is closed.	結案了
I don't think Tom will go to Boston next weekend.	我不認為湯姆下週會去波士頓
We have to pull the weeds.	我們必須拔除雜草
There are a lot of people in the park.	公园里有很多人
The goods were transported by ship.	這批貨物是由船隻運送的
I'm looking for an old man.	我正在尋找一位老人
I won't know until I talk to Tom.	我不跟湯姆說就還不知道
I thought that the questions were easy.	我認為這些問題很容易
The facts are clear.	事实显而易见
Mary stayed up late last night.	瑪麗昨晚熬夜
She lived there about five years.	她住在那裡大約
Do you have any friends?	你有朋友吗
Mary has a flower in her hand.	瑪麗手上有一朵花
Tom is very quiet.	湯姆很安靜
According to the Bible, God created the world in six days.	根据圣经记载
No one cares what I think.	沒人關心我想什麽
Money isn't the only thing that matters.	不只是钱关系重大
Let's forget it for now.	讓我們現在忘了它吧
I have one brother and two sisters.	我有一个兄弟和两个姐妹
I'm single.	我单身
I'm thinking about you.	我突然想到你
What did it cost?	多少錢
He will come back.	他会回来的
Their cattle are all fat.	他們的牛都很肥
Tom says that he doesn't feel like going out.	汤姆说他不想出去
We know that all men are mortal.	我們知道人皆難免一死
I'm not interested.	我不感兴趣
In a way you're right, but I still have doubts.	在某种程度上你是对的
Tell me when to stop.	告訴我甚麼時候停下
I'm just writing a letter to my girlfriend.	我只是在写一封信给我的女友
The small hill turned out to be an ancient burial mound 2,000 years old.	这座小山丘原來是一座兩千多年的古墓
He was involved in the trouble.	他被卷进了是非中
I got a video cassette recorder cheap at that shop.	我在那商店花低价买了录像机
I got mugged.	我被抢劫了
Could you carry my bags for me?	你可以幫我提我的袋子嗎
How much is the entrance fee?	门票多少钱
He is determined to go to England.	他决心去英国
He knows better than to marry her.	他聰明到不會娶她
The life span of a butterfly is short.	蝴蝶的寿命短
First we'll eat, and then we'll go.	我们先吃饭
It is very hot in the summer in Japan.	日本的夏天很热
I saw a woman in black.	我看到了一个穿黑衣服的女人
My plan is to study in Australia.	我的計劃是去澳洲唸書
I don't have the address now.	我沒有現在的地址
He is taking a walk.	他正在散步
Tom is married.	汤姆已经结婚了
She has a cottage by the sea.	她在海边有一个度假屋
That's where Tom belongs.	汤姆就该呆在那里
I don't want to buy a newspaper today.	我今天不想买报纸
Which road goes to city hall?	哪條路通往市政廳
We know our rights.	我们知道我们的权利
The plan was carried out.	计划被执行了
Everyone who knew him admired him.	每一個認識他的人都愛慕他
Do whatever you think is right.	做你認為正確的事
I don't know about the others, but as for me, I'm for it.	我不知道别人如何
I want it to be different this time.	我想让这次变得不一样
She taught me how to write a poem.	她教我如何写诗
Break it up!	停手
I should be ready by 2:30.	我应该在
Tom is friendly to me.	湯姆對我友好
It looks suspicious.	看上去很可疑
I crossed the equator for the first time on my trip to Australia.	我去澳大利亚旅游的时候第一次穿越了赤道
Such a thing can't happen in Japan.	這樣的事情不可能在日本發生
There's no doubt about it.	關於此事毫無疑問
There's an old movie theater in town.	城裡有一家古老的電影院
Bear his advice in mind.	牢記他的建議
Call me at the office.	打電話到我辦公室來
Come on, touch it.	来吧
Tom probably doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.	湯姆大概不知道為什麼野餐取消了
She rested her head on her mother's shoulder.	她把头枕在母亲的肩膀上
Tom knew how to do that.	汤姆知道怎么做那事
Tom doesn't have to thank me.	湯姆不需要謝我
Tom didn't actually see what happened.	湯姆沒有真正看見發生了甚麼
He got his wife to mend his shirt.	他让他的妻子补好衬衫
Let me handle this.	讓我來處理
Watch him and do what he does.	看著他並跟著他做
Besides the piano, can you play any other instruments?	除了钢琴以外
I would like to brush up my English.	我想复习英语
Let's clear up this problem.	让我们来澄清一下这个问题
I applied for a visa.	我申请了签证
The picture looks better at a distance.	这幅画远看更好
I know how to set a trap.	我知道怎么设陷阱
Today is Saturday and tomorrow is Sunday.	今天是周六
Where is your house?	你家在哪裡
Cross out the incorrect words.	把错误的单词划掉
I shouldn't have done that.	我不應該做那件事的
I am leaving at four.	我四點要離開
He studied for ten years.	他研究了十年
You have to turn in the reports on Monday.	星期一你必須繳交報告
Tom has an old car.	湯姆有輛舊車
This place still looks the same as it did a long time ago.	這裡就像在古時候一樣
This book is easy enough for them to read.	这本书他们读起来够简单了
This is a book about stars.	这是一本关于星星的书
She's about the same age as I am.	她大約跟我同年紀
I feel we're going to get better.	我感覺我們會變得更好
Let me think.	讓我想一想
You should've started by now.	你早就該開始了
This is all I know.	這是我所知道的
We made pancakes for breakfast.	我们早餐做了煎饼
Have you checked our supplies recently?	你最近检查我们的补给了吗
I hear they're pretty good.	我听说他们挺好
Tom broke up with Mary.	汤姆和玛丽分手了
It's still too early to talk about this now.	现在谈这件事还为时过早
At what age did you have your first girlfriend?	你几岁交了第一个女朋友
This is a good textbook.	这本课本很好
He is an expert at fishing.	他是个钓鱼专家
Tom couldn't go to college because his family didn't have enough money.	因为家里钱不够所以汤姆没能念大学
I'd already sent you the letter when you called.	當您打電話來的時候我已經把信寄給您了
Think before you act.	三思而後行
How tall is your youngest brother?	你最小的弟弟身高多高
Learning French isn't difficult.	学法语不难
It's too noisy in here.	這兒太吵了
He painted a picture of roses.	他畫了一幅玫瑰的畫
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want to."	“	为什么你不来
That program is now being broadcast.	那個節目現在正在播出
Tom got to the station in time to catch the train he wanted to catch.	汤姆及时赶到了车站搭上了他想搭的那列车
I hear that you play the piano.	我听说你弹钢琴
There was nothing that I could do at that time.	当时我什么都不能做
You may go.	你可以去了
I can hardly see without my glasses.	沒有了我的眼鏡我幾乎看不到
Will you tell me why you like her?	你能告诉我你为什么喜欢她吗
It's all my fault.	都是我的错
What is the population of India?	印度的人口有多少
Most accidents happen near home.	大多数的事故都发生在家附近
I was always good at English.	我的英文一直都不錯
I wanted to go there.	我想去那裡
We must execute his orders.	我们必须执行他的命令
Mary put some flowers in the vase.	玛丽把一些花放进了花瓶
Who decided that?	誰決定了那件事
This chair is made of plastic.	這把椅子是用塑膠製成的
Three voted against the idea.	有三票反对这主意
My grandfather died five years ago.	我祖父五年前去世了
Don't let them forget me.	别让他们忘了我
I caught a cold two days ago.	我兩天前感冒了
Whether you like it or not doesn't matter.	你喜不喜欢没关系
Will I have a scar?	我会留疤吗
Did you hear about the fire yesterday?	你聽說了昨天的火災嗎
This car handles very easily.	这车容易开
I study French a lot.	我學了不少法語
I know you're learning French at school.	我知道你在學校學法語
Tom wants to see us.	汤姆想来看望我们
He read the letter over and over.	他把信读了一遍又一遍
Like father, like son.	有其父必有其子
This is where Tom wants to live.	这就是汤姆想住的地方
How did you get out of your room?	你怎么从你的房间里出来
This dress is a good bargain.	这条连衣裙很便宜
Can I have some tea?	可以给我一些茶水吗
My head hurts.	我头痛
His request is as follows.	他的要求如下
Tom can't swim.	汤姆不会游泳
The dog is dead.	这条狗死了
The situation has become hopeless.	情況變得沒有希望了
His work is now complete.	他的工作现在完成了
Do people in your country eat rice?	在您國家的人是吃米飯的嗎
It was a lot of fun.	它很好玩
Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit.	水在華氏
I just cut my finger.	我剛剛切到手指了
The cat prefers fish to meat.	猫喜欢鱼多过肉
It's great! You'll laugh for sure.	太棒了
It's improved.	它有改善了
The children go to school in the morning.	孩子们早上去学校
There was a sprinkling of foreigners among the visitors in the museum.	博物馆的参观者中有少数是外国人
They were so young.	他們是那麼年輕
I'm not in that much of a hurry.	我并没有很急
Compared to our house, yours is a mansion.	跟我们的房子比
It's high time you were in bed.	你早该睡了
Is the teacher young?	那个老师年轻吗
He drank a lot yesterday.	昨天他喝了很多
He played tennis all day long.	他整天打網球
I sat by his side.	我坐在他旁边
In case the shipment is delayed, we have special delay insurance.	万一船运迟了
That woman's very beautiful.	这个女人很漂亮
I'm going to see a horror film.	我要去看恐怖電影
Are you coming tomorrow?	你明天要來嗎
I'm very lonely.	我很寂寞
Tom should be fired.	湯姆應該要被開除
He gets tired easily.	他很容易觉得累
We can do more than they can.	我們能比他們做得多
She kept him waiting half an hour.	她讓他等了半小時
There were fifty passengers on the plane.	飞机上有
Every person is special.	每个人都很特别
I'm very happy.	我很幸福
Are you saying Tom's hiding something from us?	你说
You have to work hard.	你必须努力工作
He often eats fish for dinner.	他晚飯經常吃魚
Prepare yourself for the future.	为将来做准备吧
It isn't a bug. It's an undocumented feature.	这不是一个漏洞
I'll see you again this afternoon.	今天下午我會再見到你
Remember to admire her new dress.	記得稱讚她的新洋裝
May I use your telephone?	我能用你的电话吗
Other than Sundays, I work every day.	我除了星期天外每天都上班
Study hard, and you'll succeed.	努力學習
Tom thinks that he's related to me.	湯姆認為他跟我有關係
My mother speaks French better than my father speaks English, so they usually speak to each other in French.	我母亲的法语比我父亲的英语要好
I had lost a camera the previous day.	我前一天丢了一台相机
I hate terrorist organizations.	我痛恨恐怖主义组织
Everyone was invited, except for me.	除了我每個人都被邀請了
We have so many things left to do.	我们有许多未完成的事
I talked to Tom.	我和汤姆说了话
I am able to drive a car.	我會開車
The dog was sleeping on the mat.	狗在地毯上睡觉
Don't worry, I'll help you.	不要担心
It's brand new.	这是全新的
There is a page missing.	有一页缺了
What is your occupation?	你做什么工作
He said, "It's nine o'clock."	他说
Your name was mentioned.	您的名字被提到了
Aren't you hot?	你不热吗
She managed to finish the work on her own.	她想方设法以一己之力完成了工作
Tom wanted to see Mary.	湯姆想見瑪麗
There's no rush to get married.	不要急著結婚
There are a lot of parks in London.	伦敦有很多公园
We have to look after our parents.	我們要照顧我們的父母
That wasn't my intent.	这不是我的初衷
Tom is a very bad person.	汤姆是个非常坏的人
I aimed my gun at the target.	我把我的手枪指向了目标
Tom has a tattoo of a skull on his chest.	湯姆在胸上有個頭骨文身
Ebola is one of the most virulent viruses known to man.	埃博拉是人类已知的最致命的病毒之一
He's about the same age as you are.	他岁数和你差不多
We were deeply impressed by the lecturer's eloquent speech.	演讲者精彩的演说给我们留下了深刻的印象
After Tom lost his job, he started to gamble to cope with his depression.	湯姆失業後
We divided the money between us.	我們平分這筆錢
Let's meet again soon.	讓我們很快地再次見面
Tom loves you.	汤姆爱你
Go back to your seat.	回到你的座位
I don't know any of the five ladies.	这五个女人我一个都不认识
Drivers should wear seat belts.	司機應該繫安全帶
The students were for the most part from the West Coast.	大部分的學生來自西海岸
It's better to teach someone how to fish than to give someone a fish.	授之以鱼
I've quit drinking beer.	我已經不喝啤酒了
After running up the hill, I was completely out of breath.	跑上山後
Let's go for a walk after it stops raining.	等雨停了
We suspected him of lying.	我们怀疑他说谎了
I need to complete it as soon as possible.	我需要尽快完成
To make matters worse, it began snowing.	更糟糕的是開始下雪了
I'm afraid of heights.	我恐高
I'm here to assist you.	我來協助你
What does it mean?	这是什么意思
A cup of coffee cost 200 yen in those days.	那时候一杯咖啡要
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go to the picnic.	如果明天下雨的话
He was an excellent scientist, and what is more, was a great poet.	他是一位優秀的科學家
What are your names?	你們叫什麼名字
They made straight for their destination.	他們直奔目的地
Tom knows how to play mahjong, I think.	我觉得汤姆知道怎么玩麻将
How's the weather there?	那儿是什么天气
Tom is drinking apple juice.	Tom	正在喝蘋果汁
Life would be so much better if you didn't care so much.	如果你不计较太多
This has nothing to do with me.	这不关我的事
If it happened to Tom, it could happen to you.	如果那發生在
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.	我认为我现在有足够的钱买我想要的那辆车
Mary can dance well.	瑪麗舞跳得很好
They called him a coward.	他們稱他膽小鬼
Christmas is approaching.	聖誕節快到了
Will you be at home this afternoon?	你今天下午会在家吗
I cried, too.	我也哭了
She got through her work before five.	她在五點鐘前做完了她的工作
We'll talk later.	我们过一会再谈
I get up at six.	我六點起床
The man kept talking for an hour.	這個男人連續說了一個小時的話
Tom was able to solve the problem by himself.	汤姆有办法自己把问题解决了
I don't think he can help you.	我覺得他不能幫你
I don't know about you, but I'm starving.	我不知道你怎么样
Next time it'll be my turn to drive.	下次该轮到我开车了
Please let me go.	請讓我走
Study hard so you don't fail.	努力學習
Do you eat pasta?	你吃意面吗
The president is difficult to approach.	总统很难接近
Not every child likes apples.	不是每一个孩子都喜欢吃苹果
I asked him to wait here.	我請他在這裡等
I always rely on him in times of trouble.	我在困難時總是依賴他
Look at me with your books closed.	把你的書閤起來看著我
Christmas is December 25th.	聖誕節是
He stuck his pencil behind his ear.	他把他的鉛筆放在他的耳朵後面
It's about time we went to bed.	差不多是我們就寢的時間了
The baby went to sleep at once.	這個小嬰兒立刻去睡覺了
Call the police!	叫警察
There are no hats in that store that fit me.	那個店裡沒有合我尺寸的帽子
I gave Tom one of those.	我给了汤姆其中一個
What's your home phone number?	你家電話號碼是多少
I grew up in this small town.	我在這個小鎮上長大的
He applied for the scholarship.	他申請了獎學金
We have less than five minutes to evacuate the whole building.	我们有不到五分钟来疏散整栋楼的人
Is it OK for me to come in now?	我现在进来方便么
You should keep your mouth shut.	你應該閉上你的嘴
This is the real world.	這是真實的世界
My dog goes everywhere with me.	我的狗總是跟著我
She plays the violin very well.	她小提琴演奏得非常好
Tom doesn't share Mary's enthusiasm.	汤姆没有感受到玛丽的热情
Please stop that right now.	请即刻停止
Tom's tired.	湯姆累了
I wrote down his phone number.	我記下了他的電話號碼
I understand that you feel uneasy, but don't worry.	我知道你不自在
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.	我想您要拿到驾照根本不难
Close your eyes.	闭上你的眼睛
We'll come back tomorrow.	我们明天回来
I envy you your luck.	我嫉妒你的幸運
I am tired of my work.	我厌倦了我的工作
Please take off your coat.	請脫下您的外套
They won't hurt us.	他们不会伤害我们
I feel like everybody's watching me.	我感觉大家都在关注我
How much is the bus fare?	公車票價多少錢
The ceremony began with his speech.	仪式以他的讲话开始
I really want to stop.	我真的想停下来
The whole family was sick in bed.	全家都病倒了
Someone is lying.	有人說謊
You are always late.	你总是迟到
The ticket is good for three days.	這張票的有效期是三天
In comparison with Tokyo, London is small.	和东京比
They are much taller than us.	他們比我們高得多
Why did you cry?	你為什麼哭
The trees are green.	树是绿的
Spring will come soon.	春天就要来了
You are no better at remembering things than I am.	你记事情的能力并不比我好多少
Watch out for cars when you cross the street.	當你過馬路的時候要當心汽車
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.	能在日本找到这样的大的院子实属罕见
I might be able to fix that.	我或许可以修好它
I hope the economy picks up soon.	我希望经济很快复苏起来
I'll get off at the next station.	我下一站下车
I need a pencil. Can I use one of yours?	我需要一支铅笔
I've got a lot more to learn.	我要学很多
I'd like to know what happened to Tom.	我想知道汤姆怎么了
There used to be a lot of frogs in this pond.	以前在這個池塘裡有許多青蛙
If you want a pencil, I'll lend you one.	如果你需要铅笔
This is a wooden table.	这是张木桌
Do you have fresh strawberries?	您有新鮮草莓嗎
This dog is a mongrel.	這隻狗是雜種狗
It's going to get cold tonight.	今晚天气会变冷
I don't remember.	我記不得了
You must get up a little earlier.	你该早一点起床
She showed him the photo.	她把照片给他看
My mother makes the best cakes in the world.	我母親做的糕餅是這世上最好的
I used to go swimming in the sea when I was a child.	童年时我会去海里游泳
They made him captain of the team.	他們要他作隊長
Tom is quite fussy.	汤姆相当挑剔
Do you like this book?	你喜欢这本书吗
He has dozens of English books.	他有幾十本的英文書籍
This may take a while.	这要花时间
Today's even busier than normal.	今天比平时还忙
I always rest for an hour after dinner.	晚饭后
That book's over here.	那本书在这里
May I run with you?	我可以跟你一起跑嗎
If you have a question, please raise your right hand.	如果有问题
I am okay.	我沒事
As we went around the corner, the lake came into view.	当我们走到转角处
What did you want to tell me?	您想告诉我什么
The doorbell rang.	门铃儿响了
I often play football after school.	我常常在放學後踢足球
I like eggplant.	我喜歡茄子
She left her son alone in the car.	她把她儿子独自留在了车里
I'm going to the bank.	我要去银行了
How old are your parents?	你父母多大了
I'm not sure Tom would help.	我不確定湯姆能不能幫忙
He was very old.	他很老
I like both dogs and cats.	我喜歡狗和貓
This makes us stronger.	这使我们更强大
We ran down the hill.	我們跑下山
I'm closing the door.	我在關門
I like dogs and my sister likes cats.	我喜欢狗
The taller the tree, the more likely it is to be struck by lightning.	树高遭雷击
Tom's a beginner, but he catches on fast.	湯姆是個初學者
I wish to climb Mt. Fuji again.	我希望再爬一次上富士山
If we don't hurry, we'll be late.	再不快点就迟到了噢
I'm going to join a demonstration.	我要参加一个示威游行
There are at least 500 students here.	这儿有不少于五百名学生
It's up to you to decide whether we'll go there or not.	该由你来决定我们去不去那儿
He doesn't understand me.	他不理解我
I paid $200 in taxes.	我付了兩百元含稅
They didn't come here, did they?	他們沒來這裡
My dad will kill me.	我爸会杀了我的
What is over there?	那是什么
Tidy up the room.	整理一下房間
None of those books are useful.	這些書裡沒有一本是有用的
The old man breathed his last.	老人咽下了最后一口气
I'll see to it.	我會留意的
Were you on time for work today?	你今天準時上班了嗎
The thunder scared the children.	雷聲嚇到孩子了
He is looking forward to it.	他对此很期待
I like walking alone.	我喜歡獨自行走
Are you going to school tomorrow?	你明天要去上學嗎
I'm a journalist.	我是记者
I can't stand this pain any more.	我不能再承受這種痛苦
Cats don't eat bananas.	猫不吃香蕉
She has blue eyes.	她有双蓝眼睛
Her son is a genius.	她儿子是个天才
I need you to promise you'll do what I ask you to do.	我需要你承诺你会照我说的话去做
This data isn't accurate at all.	這個數據一點也不準確
He is anxious to know the result.	他迫不及待地想要知道结果
There seem to be several reasons for his failure.	他的失败看来有几个原因
I wanted to see Tom's room.	我就想看看汤姆的房间
The doctor told her that she should take a rest.	医生告诉她要静养
Can you see that small house?	你们能看到那个小房子吗
It's warm for this time of year.	對一年的這個時候來說
It's likely that she'll succeed.	她很有可能会有所成就
I don't like studying in this heat.	我不喜歡在這麼熱的氣溫下唸書
Please say hello to your family.	带我向你家人问好
May I see you in private?	我們能私下見見嗎
What's your favorite way to cook beans?	你最喜歡用什麼方法煮豆子
Everyone hoped that she would win.	每個人都希望她會獲勝
It takes 165 years for Neptune to orbit around the sun.	海王星繞行太陽一周要花一百六十五年
Tofu goes well with good sake.	豆腐配清酒很合適
He stole her watch.	他偷了她的手表
I'd buy a new house if I had the money.	如果我有錢
She seems to hate you.	她好像很讨厌你
I've just finished breakfast.	我剛吃完了早飯
He is able to speak five languages.	他會說五種語言
Both of them are in the room.	他们俩都在房间里
The man finally confessed.	那个男人最终供认了他的罪行
How much does this pen cost?	這支筆多少錢
Tom is extremely romantic.	汤姆非常的浪漫
She suddenly became famous.	她突然出名了
The price isn't reasonable.	这个价格不合理
Would you like to know how I did that?	你想知道我是怎么做到的吗
You can't buy this medicine without a prescription.	那个药的话没有处方是买不到的
Send it airmail.	航空邮寄它
Could you please talk a bit louder? I can't hear very well.	你能大声点讲吗
Do you have any plans for tomorrow?	明天你有什么安排没有
This is my favorite.	這是我最喜歡的
Is Tom sick?	汤姆是不是身体不太好
Can you really swim?	你真的會游泳嗎
This guidebook might be of use to you on your trip.	这本导游册子或许会对你的旅行有帮助
When are the elections?	什么时候选举
Do you feel hungry?	你肚子饿吗
The whole audience erupted in laughter.	哄堂大笑
About how long will it take to get there by bus?	搭公車到那裡大約要花多久的時間
I heard her singing in her room.	我聽到她在她的房間裡唱歌
You're really brave, aren't you?	你很勇敢
Are you planning to be at Tom and Mary's wedding?	你打算参加汤姆和玛丽的婚礼吗
My brother gave me a cute doll.	我哥哥給了我一個可愛的娃娃
This tunnel is twice as long as that one.	這條隧道是那條的兩倍長
How complex is it?	它有多複雜
Lesson Two is easy.	第二课容易
I know your older brother quite well.	我跟你哥哥很熟
Look at that smoke.	快看那個煙
Have you ever seen Tom angry?	你有看见过汤姆生气的时候吗
It really is very annoying.	真是烦死了
I want to get a haircut before I go on the trip.	我想在出發旅行前剪個頭髮
Your friend's very late, isn't he?	你的朋友來得很晚
We expect a lot from him.	我們對他期望很多
I learned to drive a car when I was eighteen and got a driver's license.	我十八歲時
She used margarine instead of butter.	她用人造黄油代替了黄油
She warned him not to go alone.	她警告了他不要一個人去
Does it sound like I'm in love?	聽起來像是我戀愛了嗎
He said he did not enter the room, which was a lie.	他说他没有进房间
Let's all pray together.	大家来一起祈祷吧
This is real easy.	这真的很简单
Which one will he choose?	他會選哪個
Do you live with your parents?	你和你的父母同住嗎
Someday I'll run like the wind.	有一天
He has a brother who lives in Tokyo.	他有个住在东京的兄弟
Almost nobody thinks we're sisters.	几乎没有人认为我们是姐妹
You must not stay in bed.	你不能待在床上
I'll follow you wherever you go.	無論你去哪裡我都會跟著你
Tom has been in the hospital for a month.	汤姆已经住院一个月了
He snored loudly while he slept.	他睡着的时候
Tom can write almost like a native speaker, but his pronunciation is terrible.	Tom	写作可以写的像本国人一样
I'm making dinner.	我准备晚餐
The skies are clear.	天空很晴朗
Why do you study every day?	为什么你每天都学习呢
I fed the leftovers to my dog.	我把剩下的东西给我的狗吃
Tom has only a week to decide.	湯姆只有一週時間做決定
My father retired at 65 years old.	我的父亲
I took the elevator to the fourth floor.	我搭电梯去了四楼
Tom is spending more and more time in Boston.	汤姆在波士顿待得越来越久
You have to move.	你得行動了
I saw Tom three hours ago.	我在三小时前见过汤姆
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.	他快要睡著的時候
That would be unlikely.	那不太可能
I am in trouble.	我遇到困難了
Tom will try to stop me for sure.	汤姆一定会来阻止我
Tom just doesn't understand.	汤姆就是不懂
They don't like me.	他們不喜歡我
Oh, really?	噢
Tom isn't old.	湯姆不老
Lincoln set the slaves free.	林肯釋放了奴隸
The post office is down the street.	郵局在街那頭
What're you writing?	你在寫什麼
I wanted to go to the concert.	我本想去参加音乐会的
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.	我不用曲膝就能把我的手掌放到地上
I'm already full, thank you.	我已经吃饱了
Ask me something easier.	问我简单些的
The dog followed its master, wagging its tail.	狗搖著尾巴跟著主人
He has three older sisters.	他有三个姐姐
Swimming is easy.	游泳很容易
The crops need rain.	農作物需要雨水
They say that he is very rich.	據說他很富有
The cat caught a mouse.	猫抓住了老鼠
Don't let her go out after dark.	天黑後不要讓她出門
I like pop music.	我喜歡流行音樂
Please wait a little while.	请稍等一下
How far is it to the station?	到火車站有多遠
I'll clean up the kitchen later.	我等一下將清理廚房
Someone stole my wallet on the train.	有人在火车上偷了我的钱包
He told me when to say yes.	他告诉我什么时候该说是
He left the book on the table.	他在桌子上留下了這本書
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.	一個句子以一個大寫字母開始
Everyone likes Tom.	大家都喜歡湯姆
I always thought that Tom was a bit different.	我以前总认为汤姆是有一些与众不同的
Tom let us know that he needs do that.	汤姆让我们知道他需要做
He took me for an Englishman.	他誤以為我是一個英國人
She likes to listen to music.	她喜欢听音乐
Would you like to go shopping with me?	你想和我一起去逛街吗
You'll learn how to do it sooner or later.	你遲早會學會怎麼做
It's me.	是我
The boy can count to ten.	这小男孩能数到十
Tom looks a bit sick.	湯姆看來有點不適
I appreciate good music.	我欣賞好音樂
Vote for Tom.	投票給湯姆
Tom knows what we're doing.	汤姆知道我们在做什么
Would you care for more coffee?	你想再喝點咖啡嗎
I go shopping every other day.	我每隔一天去購物
You'll succeed if you try.	如果你尝试的话
Is there any chance that Tom isn't going to be there?	有没有可能汤姆不会去那儿
When does the game begin?	游戏几点开始
Stop, or I'll shoot.	停止
I do hope you'll come again.	我很希望你会再来
It's an artificial flower.	這是朵人造花
The government should invest more money in agriculture.	政府应该加大对农业的投资
I'll get you some coffee.	我會給你帶些咖啡
I'd like to get married to someone like you.	我想跟你这样的人结婚
Do you want to eat something?	你想吃點東西嗎
Tell me the meaning of life.	告诉我人生的意义
I almost drowned.	我差點被淹死
It's a whole new ball game for me.	這個球類遊戲對我來說是全新的
All of us like her.	我们都喜欢她
Tom has never been on time.	汤姆从来都没有准时过
The curtains make this room beautiful.	窗帘是房间变漂亮了
They are the only students who study Chinese.	学中文的学生只有他们几个
Why is Tom excited?	汤姆为什么兴奋
Needless to say, fundamental human rights should be respected.	無須多言
You're too old to be doing this kind of thing.	你老得做不了这种事了
She likes cooking for her family.	她喜欢为她的家人做饭
I will not attend the party.	我将不出席派对
He bought the land for the purpose of building a house on it.	他買土地的目的是要造房子
I have what you need.	我有你需要的
Tom is interested in mountaineering.	湯姆對登山感興趣
She is looking for her missing wallet.	她正在找她不見了的皮夾
Tomorrow is Mother's Day.	明天是母親節
That is no business of his.	那不關他的事
I'm the only one who can do that.	我是唯一能做到那个的人
Pretend you're me.	假装你是我
You will hurt yourself.	会受伤哟
Tom is the best barber in town.	汤姆是镇里最好的理发师
I asked him many questions about ecology.	我問了他許多關於生態環境的問題
It would be helpful if you could do that for me.	您那样做的话
Something might have happened to her.	她可能出什么事了
Our garden was full of weeds.	我们的花园布满了杂草
Where is Tom's classroom?	湯姆的教室在哪裡
How many books do you read per month?	你一個月讀幾本書
Call Tom now.	现在给汤姆打电话
She doesn't have any friends or relatives to take care of her.	她没有任何亲戚朋友照顾她
This book is easy to read.	这本书很易读
Please wait until the end of this month.	本月结束之前请等待
We could do something big.	我们能做点大事
He spoke very loudly.	他说得很大声
I can help you out.	我能幫你
Have a look at the world map.	来看看世界地图
He is afraid of snakes.	他害怕蛇
He held a package under his arm.	他把一個包裹挾在腋下
Tom is shy and cowardly.	汤姆害羞胆怯
Tom was the only boy in the entire class.	汤姆是班里唯一的男生
She is as tall as you.	她跟你一樣高
Your guess is almost right.	您差不多猜对了
I have a lot of homework.	我有很多功課
Do I have to do it right away?	我必須立刻做嗎
An old man broke into our conversation.	一位老人打斷了我們的談話
Do you trust her?	你相信她嗎
I'm sorry to bother you.	對不起打擾你了
Is this your family?	这是你的家人吗
What's your nickname?	你的昵稱是甚麼
Everybody admired his courage.	每個人都佩服他的勇氣
The capital of Poland is Warsaw.	波蘭的首都是華沙
Minnesota's state bird is the mosquito.	明尼苏达州的官方鸟就是蚊子
We have a little time left.	我們還有一點時间
Don't throw away this magazine.	不要丟掉這本雜誌
Did you visit the Tokyo Tower?	您参观过东京塔吗
Freedom is very, very important.	自由非常非常重要
Tom doesn't like people who smoke in no smoking areas.	汤姆讨厌在禁烟区吸烟的人
What are you talking about?	你在说什么呢
I do my homework after school.	我在放學後做作業
I still can't believe I did it.	我仍旧无法相信我居然做了这种事
Let's play.	让我们玩耍吧
Don't ramble.	不要东拉西扯
He wiped the sweat from his face.	他擦去了脸上的汗水
No one knows if he loves her or not.	谁也不知道他是否爱她
You refused to do that, didn't you?	你拒絕去做
I decided to study abroad.	我決定出國留學了
She substituted margarine for butter.	她用人造黄油代替了黄油
He was the strongest candidate for the position.	他是那个职位最有希望的候选人
I like having breakfast with you.	我喜欢和你一起吃早餐
Do you deny that you went there?	你否認你去了那裡嗎
We want to hear it.	我们想听听
He has no manners at all.	他一點禮貌也沒有
Tom must've been displeased.	汤姆一定很不高兴
You're taller than me.	你們比我還高
Somebody was murdered.	有人被謀殺了
Cool down.	冷静点
We'll go when the rain stops.	當雨停了
I've not seen him in a long time.	我很久没见过他了
She decided to resign from her job.	她決定辭去她的工作
Man is the only animal that can talk.	人类是唯一能够彼此交谈的动物
We help each other out.	我們互相幫忙
I'm looking for a room for rent.	我在找一間出租的房間
We played poker the entire day.	我们用了一整天打扑克
Young children are often fascinated by science.	小孩常常对科学很有热情
The airport is close by.	機場很近
He was forced to work overtime.	他被迫加班
Perseverance, as you know, is the key to success.	就像你们知道的那样
The other day I discovered a book written by my father.	前几天我发现了一本我父亲写的书
I have nothing to do with the crime.	这个犯罪和我一点关系都没有
My mother isn't at home.	我媽媽不在家
Is ten thousand yen enough?	一万日元够吗
Keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them.	闭着你的眼睛直到我告诉你睁开为止
Tom doesn't think this is a coincidence.	汤姆不认为这是一个巧合
This cat doesn't chase mice.	这只猫不抓老鼠
I don't want to go to Tom's birthday party.	我不想去汤姆的聚会
I should've paid closer attention.	我应该多加注意
What else can this do?	这还有什么能做的
The sun sets in the west.	太阳在西边下山
No one is listening to Tom.	没人听汤姆说话
This is the girl that came yesterday.	这是昨天来的那个女孩
I don't have a computer at home.	我家没有电脑
I apologize for yesterday.	我为昨天发生的事道歉
I want to go with you.	我想和你一起走
I'm not particularly thirsty right now.	我现在不特别渴
There's nobody in the building now.	現在樓裡沒人
He has a long neck.	他的脖子很長
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems.	最近的咖啡短缺带来了许多问题
What if Tom says no?	汤姆说不行会怎样呢
It's stopped snowing.	雪停了
This has been the driest six months in thirty years.	這是三十年代以來最乾旱的六月
You need to let me handle this.	你要让我来解决
Tom heard Mary's voice.	汤姆听见了玛丽的声音
Would you like to eat something?	你想吃點東西嗎
A table for four, please.	四個人用餐
It rained hard yesterday morning.	昨天上午下大雨
That changed everything.	那改变了一切
His hobby is painting pictures of flowers.	他的爱好是画有花的图
Do you have tinnitus?	你耳鸣吗
This work must be finished by Monday.	這項工作必須在週一
I consider you one of my closest friends.	我把你视为我最要好的朋友之一
Are you really willing to help?	你是真的很樂意幫忙嗎
She did not visit me on Sunday but on Monday.	她沒有在星期天來找我
My dad doesn't like soccer.	我爸爸不喜欢足球
I got him to polish my shoes.	我要他擦亮我的皮鞋
That house is big.	那栋房子很大
The criminal has not been caught yet.	那個犯人還沒被抓到
Please go on with your story.	请继续讲你的故事
My opinion differs from yours.	我的想法和你的不一样
Don't try to do this by yourself.	别想靠你自己做这事
She went to the hospital yesterday.	她昨天去了醫院
Everyone in his family is tall.	他家的每個人都很高
It took me half an hour to work out this problem.	我花了一個半小時的時間解決這個問題
This is my house.	这个房子是我的
Do you feel tired?	你累了嗎
It seems she hates you.	她好像很讨厌你
When do you usually get off work?	你一般几点下班
Can you speak French well?	你法语说得好吗
For the time being, I'm studying French at this language school.	目前
He plays the violin very well.	他小提琴拉得很好
What do you plan to major in at college?	你计划去大学后主修什么吗
Thanks for coming over tonight.	謝謝您今晚的光臨
I don't like novels without heroes.	我不喜欢没有英雄的小说
You need to know.	你有必要了解
You or I will be chosen.	你或者我会被选中
My father told me where to go.	我爸爸告诉我去哪儿
He works in a big city hospital.	他在一間很大的市立醫院工作
I need to go to the bathroom.	我要上厕所
He has dozens of books about Japan.	他有幾十本關於日本的書
Stop that!	住手
The carrots cost three dollars.	胡萝卜要三美元
Quite by chance, I met my old friend at the airport.	很幸运地
I don't mind getting up at six.	我不在意在六点钟起床
I asked him to open the window.	我請他把窗戶打開
Tom is the one I saw.	我看见的是汤姆
Birds lay eggs.	鳥下蛋
Electricity is very useful.	电很有用
He's been sick in bed for four days.	他已卧病在床四天了
A good neighbour is better than a brother far off.	远亲不如近邻
She'll be getting married next year.	她明年將要結婚
She was busy doing her homework.	她忙著做她的功課
I made an apple pie for you.	我做了一個蘋果派給你
Tom was excited to go to the concert.	汤姆为去音乐会而激动
They water the fruit trees.	他们给果树浇水
I'm staying for another few weeks.	我還要再待幾個星期
Can I drive the tractor?	我能開拖拉機嗎
We won the battle.	我们战争胜利了
Tom attached the string to the kite.	湯姆把繩子加在了這個風箏上
There isn't a grain of truth in what he says.	他说的没有一句实话
Will you excuse us for a moment?	你可以等我们一下吗
I use this.	我使用这个
Fur coats are on sale.	毛皮大衣在打折
I have numerous books on my bookshelf.	我有大量的书在我的书架上
Which country are you from?	你是从哪个国家来的
I'll be there at once.	我會立刻到那裡
It is just your imagination.	这仅是你的想像而已
He took a photograph of the family.	他拍了張全家福的照片
It'll cost around ten thousand yen.	這將花費約
The shooting started around noon.	槍擊是在中午十二時左右開始的
Tom can't have done what you think he did.	汤姆不可能做你认为他做了的事
I will obey.	我会听从指示
Tom should've already discussed that with you.	汤姆应该已经跟你讨论过那事了
I think Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.	我觉得当汤姆发现他买来的画是赝品的时候
I went to the hospital yesterday.	我昨天去了醫院
The book is here.	那本书在这里
We enjoyed swimming in the river.	我們喜歡在河裡游泳
You should've woken me.	你应该叫醒我
She appears to have a lot of friends.	她看起來好像有很多朋友
This is my friend.	這個是我的朋友
I don't want any bananas at all.	我一點也不要香蕉
You don't have to hurry.	你不必著急
I play tennis an hour a day.	我每天打一小时网球
My cell phone has a built-in digital camera.	我的手機有內建的數位相機
I don't know if I have time to do it.	我不知道我是否有时间做
We aren't afraid of death.	我们不怕死
We went to the mountains to ski.	我們去山上滑雪
I will come, weather permitting.	如果天气允许的话
Thank you for your cooperation.	謝謝您的合作
Tom had a decision to make.	湯姆要做個決定
Is this the first time that you've seen this movie?	这是你第一次看这部电影吗
We want to learn some Japanese songs.	我们想学一些日文歌曲
She dived into the swimming pool.	她跳入了游泳池
Do you know what's happened?	你知道发生了什么事情吗
I don't like artificial flowers.	我不喜歡假花
I understand how you feel.	我明白你的感受
The danger is over.	危險已過去
Shame on you guys.	替你们脸红啊
Tom is at school, isn't he?	湯姆在學校裡
That wasn't nice.	那不好
It's so boring.	真的很无聊
I don't think that this is a good idea.	我觉得这主意不行
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed.	修理我的腳踏車花了我一千日圓
My wish is to become a teacher.	我的願望是成為一個老師
She's good at handling children.	她善於處理兒童
Tom quietly closed the bedroom door.	湯姆靜靜地關上了臥室的門
I have no idea of what's going on in there.	我不清楚這裡發生了什麼事
My father has never been abroad.	我父親從來沒有出過國
Actions speak louder than words.	坐而言不如起而行
He was accused of murder.	他被控告杀人罪
You should do the honorable thing and resign.	你應該光榮地辭職
I've always wanted to learn how to swim.	我一直想学习如何游泳
It's really not important.	真的不重要
Do you get along with your boss?	你跟老板合得来吗
Could you take me to a movie?	你帶我去看電影好嗎
Do you know if Tom has spoken to Mary recently?	你是否知道最近湯姆跟瑪麗有沒有說過話
We will go on a picnic tomorrow.	我們明天要去野餐
Happy New Year!	新年快樂
That's the reason I bought this book.	那是我買這本書的原因
It's on the tip of my tongue.	它在我的舌尖上
Tom got to Boston yesterday.	汤姆昨天到波士顿去了
Could you take this, please?	請你拿這個好嗎
Tom asked Mary who her boyfriend was.	汤姆问玛丽她的男朋友是谁
He made no mention of her request.	他沒有提到她的請求
Do you like apples?	你喜欢苹果吗
It's not as easy to do that as people think.	这并不像一般人觉得的那么容易
There are no clouds in the sky.	天上没有云
He has already said yes.	他已经说了是
Would you like to have another beer?	再来一杯啤酒怎么样
He's gone to Nagoya on business.	他去名古屋出差
Tom had never seen Mary so busy.	汤姆从没见过玛丽这么忙
You should've come a little earlier.	你该早一点来的
How well do you know Tom?	你了解汤姆多少
It's only a dream.	只是一场梦而已
What kind of wine do you have?	您有什麼樣的葡萄酒
They gave a series of concerts.	他們辦了一系列的音樂會
I'm sorry I'm late. I couldn't find the bus stop.	對不起
What is the title of your new book?	你新書的書名是什麼
Where's the nearest subway station?	最近的地鐵站在哪裡
I was invited to their wedding.	我被邀請參加他們的婚禮
I am very concerned about his health.	我很关心他的健康
If I had enough money, I could go abroad.	如果我够钱的话
After supper, she cleared the table.	晚飯後她清理了桌子
I have a few friends here.	我在这儿有一些朋友
There was a minute of silence and then everybody started screaming.	有一分钟的沉默
I wake him up at 6 every morning.	我每天早上
I'm just looking.	我只是隨便看看
I'm not as tall as you.	我沒有你高
When will that new school open?	那是新学校什么时候开学
I thought he would come.	我以为他会来的
Turn the key to the right.	往右邊轉動鑰匙
Many young people in Japan eat bread for breakfast.	許多日本的年輕人吃麵包當作早餐
Why can't you come?	你為什麼不能來
Health is better than wealth.	健康勝過財富
Would you please give me some more tea?	你能再给我点茶吗
Please stay as long as you wish.	你想待多久就待多久
This theory is too difficult for me to comprehend.	这个理论对我来说太难了
How many people can do that?	有多少人能做
It was sensible of you to follow her advice.	你聽從她的忠告是明智的
I've never heard of this actor.	我从没听说过这个演员
There's nothing good on television now.	現在電視上沒有甚麼好看的
I miss you very much.	我非常想你
You look very good.	你看上去很好
Where is my watch?	我的手錶在哪裡
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.	那是我说过的最愚蠢的话了
Short skirts are already out of fashion.	短裙已經過時了
I didn't know you didn't know how to swim.	我不知道你不會游泳
Do you think this thing is cute?	你覺得這個東西萌嗎
He is drawing a picture.	他正在画一幅画
How many people know about us?	有多少人知道我們
She cared for her father until his death.	她照顾她的父亲直到他去世
They burst into tears.	他們突然哭了
How did you reply?	你回答了什么
The prisoner was behind bars for two months.	那個囚犯在牢裡待了兩個月
Who is that person?	那人谁啊
Few students knew his name.	很少学生知道他的名字
A female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me.	我的一个女性朋友喜欢跟我一起去同志酒吧
I am very sad.	我很难过
Do you have a coat and a hat?	你有外套和帽子嗎
There's a lot of trash on the far bank of the river.	河對岸有很多的垃圾
To be always honest is not easy.	要一直誠實是不容易的
"He used to love me," she answered sadly.	他以前愛我
Do you know what sadness feels like?	你知道悲伤的滋味么
Do we know you?	我们认识你么
Please don't cry.	请你不要哭
Do you know a good dentist?	你有認識好的牙醫嗎
Do you want any of these books?	你要這些書中的任何一本嗎
He works for an advertising agency.	他為一家廣告公司工作
Wait a moment.	等一下
At last, she solved the problem.	最後
Stay still.	别动
Here is your book.	這是你的書
I'm blessed with good health.	上帝賜予我健康的身體
I'm eating.	我正在吃东西
The recent coffee shortage brought about many problems.	最近的咖啡短缺带来了许多问题
They were frightened.	他們被嚇到了
She asked me where I was going.	她問了我要去哪裡
Can I use your dictionary for a minute?	我能用一下你的字典吗
I heard her singing.	我听见她唱歌了
It was a quiet night.	那是一个安静的夜晚
I wholeheartedly agree.	我完全赞同
I want a little money.	我想要点钱
The box is empty.	盒子裡面沒有東西
She's a very interesting person.	她是一個非常有趣的人
This booklet is free of charge.	這本小冊子是免費的
Don't release that prisoner.	別放了那個犯人
That's my problem.	這是我的問題
Make your choice.	做出您的選擇
Are you crying?	你在哭嗎
Do you have a pen on you?	你身上有铅笔吗
He is no longer a boy.	他不再是个男孩
What's your phone number?	你的电话是多少
Tom gave us something to talk about.	汤姆给了我们可以谈论的东西
Thank you for everything.	感谢你做的所有事
To what extent can he be trusted?	可以相信他到什麼程度
They always fight over little things.	他们总是为了小事吵架
This news is official.	这是官方消息
What are you after?	你想要什么
It is getting dark. Let's go home.	天漸漸黑了
You must be tired after such a long trip.	在這麼長程的旅途後你一定很累了
I teach French to adults.	我教成年人法語
Are you lost?	你迷路了吗
Tom has asked us to help him.	湯姆讓我們去幫他
Please speak more loudly.	請說大聲一點兒
What's love?	愛是什麼
I'd like to get home by five.	我想在五點前到家
Tom wanted to punish me.	汤姆要惩罚我
Where's the kitchen?	厨房在哪
It's against the law to carry weapons.	攜帶武器是違法的
Please allow me to go.	請允許我去
Aren't you going to go with me?	你不要跟我一起走嗎
How long did it take you to finish reading that book?	你看完這本書要多少時間
The value of the coins depended on the weight of the metal used.	钱币的价值取决于所使用的金属的重量
I would like to improve my English pronunciation.	我想改善我的英语发音
She is fond of singing old songs.	她喜歡唱老歌
We're still nervous.	我們還是緊張
Safety is what matters most.	安全是最重要的事情
Tom has lost his interest in studying French.	汤姆已经对学法语不感兴趣了
Choose the one you like.	选喜欢的
Add a tiny pinch of salt.	加一丁點鹽
I don't think that anyone was satisfied.	我不认为每个人都满意这件事
I'm counting how many people there are.	我正在算有多少人在那裡
Have you ever been in jail?	你去过监狱吗
We're waiting for the right time.	我們在等對的時機
She doesn't speak Japanese at home.	她在家不說日語
I'm sure you'll love what we have on the menu tonight.	我肯定你会喜欢我们今晚的菜肴
I'm afraid I differ with you on this point.	恐怕就这点上
I don't like her face.	我不喜歡她的臉
I was in Boston last month.	我上個月在波士頓
She's busy now, so she can't talk with you.	她現在忙
I don't have time for a vacation this year.	我今年没时间去度假
Did you buy juice?	你買果汁了嗎
I wonder if I can do it again.	我不知道我能不能再做一次
How did you spend your winter vacation?	你的寒假怎么过的
Did she show you the picture?	她給你看過照片了嗎
Can we go now, please?	请问我们现在能走吗
I don't want to get a suntan.	我不想晒黑
I like your way of thinking.	我喜歡你思考的方法
He is proficient in Farsi.	他精通波斯语
I went without food for a week.	我一星期沒帶食物去
She was injured in a fall.	她摔伤了
He doesn't know how to write a letter in English.	他不知道如何用英语写信
He is getting along with his employees.	他和他的員工相處
I have many discs.	我有许多唱片
Don't ask me for money.	不要問我要錢
Tom burned the letter.	汤姆烧掉了信
Tom could've called the police.	汤姆本可以报警的
You could say that.	这么说也可以
Everybody was singing except me.	除我以外每個人都在歌唱
Somebody should tell Tom how to behave.	有人应该告诉汤姆怎么表现
Tom asked me about you.	汤姆向我问起你
Don't let anyone press this button.	別讓任何人按這個按鈕
Tom hasn't called Mary yet.	湯姆還沒打給瑪莉
May I see your boarding pass, please?	請讓我看看您的登機證好嗎
Were you looking at him?	你在看他吗
I heard Tom was captured.	我听说汤姆被捕了
That's a face I've seen before.	這張臉我以前見過
She almost drowned.	她差点就溺水了
Dry wood burns well.	干柴燒得旺
Can you lower the price?	可以便宜點嗎
Tom says he can communicate with the dead.	Tom	说他可以通灵
We waited in the park for a long time.	我们在公园等了好久
Don't think about it now.	現在別想這事
He was driving the car at full speed.	他全速驾驶着
The boy has learned to read.	男孩學會了閱讀
I agree with some of your opinions.	我同意你一部分的意见
I have to take my medicine every six hours.	我每六小时要服一次药
Do you have medical insurance?	你有醫療保險嗎
Tom said Mary is shy.	湯姆說瑪麗害羞
Tell him to mind his own business.	告訴他別多管閒事
I don't believe such things exist.	我不相信這樣的事情存在
I'm not a member of the club.	我不是这个俱乐部的会员
Tom wasn't surprised to see me.	汤姆见到我并没有惊讶
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.	我不习惯喝无糖咖啡
You're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time.	要是你老打游戏的话
No student is allowed to enter the room.	學生不准進入這個房間
He went to the dentist.	他去看牙医了
To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit, every problem looks like a nail.	对工具箱里只有一把榔头的人来说
The entire world desires peace.	整个世界都需要和平
I can't stand that noise any longer.	我不能再忍受那噪音了
I have three million dollars.	我有三百萬美圓
Tom comes here three or four times a month.	汤姆一个月来这里三四次
How much money have you got?	你有多少钱
One's new. The other's old.	一个是新的
We enjoyed singing songs together.	我們喜歡一起唱歌
Tom didn't want to disappoint Mary.	汤姆不想让玛丽失望
He has never been late for school.	他從來沒有上學遲到
Someone is standing behind the wall.	有人站在墙后
I'm sorry I didn't make myself clear.	對不起
Thank you very much for your present.	非常谢谢你的礼物
No one believed what I said.	没有人相信我说的话
Unfortunately, it rained.	很遗憾
Tom can't sleep without a light on.	Tom	没办法在没有亮灯的时候入睡
I look forward to seeing you again.	我期待著再次見到你
I read a book last night.	我昨晚讀書
Why are there still wars in the world?	为什么这世界上还有战争
Mary treated her wounded knee.	玛丽处理了膝盖的伤口
Neither Tom nor Mary has found anything valuable.	汤姆和玛丽都没有发现什么有价值的东西
I don't know her, nor do I want to.	我不认识她
She quit smoking.	她停下來抽煙
I believe you're honest.	我相信你是诚实的
I encountered a problem.	我遇到了故障
I am fully convinced of your innocence.	我完全相信你是清白的
He was jealous of my success.	他嫉妒我的成功
My mother gets up early in the morning.	我妈妈早上早起
Do you really need to ask the question to know the answer?	你真的需要提问题来知道答案吗
She ripped her dress on a branch.	她在树枝上把自己的裙子扯烂了
Are there any larger carrots?	還有更大的胡蘿蔔嗎
Let me cut the carrots.	讓我來切胡蘿蔔
Prices have dropped recently.	最近物價已經下降
Tom told me that he'd love to help.	汤姆告诉我他很乐意帮助
I don't understand what you're trying to say.	我不明白您想说什么
Let's take the children to the zoo.	讓我們帶孩子們去動物園
It has been raining since Sunday.	從週日開始一直在下雨
The camera will cost at least $500.	這台相機至少要花費
You're your own worst enemy.	你是你自己最大的敌人
Promises aren't enough.	承諾是不夠的
All the students clapped their hands.	所有的學生都拍手
Make sure to turn off all the lights before going out.	出去之前确认一下所有的灯都关了
I'd like to listen to pop music.	我想要聽流行音樂
That was my mistake.	那是我的錯
They are separated by a great distance.	他们之间隔着很远的距离
Guess what happened to me.	猜猜我遇到什么事了
He narrowly escaped being killed.	他險些被殺害
I put some cream in my coffee.	我在我的咖啡裡放了一些奶油
I'll be watching you.	我會看著你
Tom doesn't have a fever.	汤姆没有发烧
Please show me your driver's license.	請讓我看看您的駕駛執照
Life has been very hard.	生活很艰苦
There were so many people.	那里人好多
We'll die sooner or later.	我們早晚要死
May I leave now?	我现在能走了吗
You must be kidding!	你一定是开玩笑
I have to take a test tomorrow.	明天我必須參加考試
I'm 30 years old.	我三十歲
I'd like to be alone if you don't mind.	如果你不介意的话
Which do you like better, spring or fall?	春天和秋天
We are a family of four.	我家有四個人
Please pick up my dry cleaning.	請取回我乾洗的衣服
He will be back in a second.	他很快就会回来
Tom went to Boston to buy a painting.	湯姆去波士頓買一幅畫
The matter is all settled.	這個問題已經完全解決了
Which do you like better, dogs or cats?	狗和猫你更喜欢哪一个
These questions are easy to answer.	這些問題太容易回答了
What are you hiding?	你在掩饰什么
It's about to rain.	天快要下雨了
How much money do you need?	你需要多少钱
She may be proud of her daughter.	她可以为她的女儿感到骄傲
There are four seasons in one year.	一年有四季
Don't you have any money?	你沒有錢嗎
I sat between Tom and John.	我坐在汤姆和约翰中间
Yesterday I spent the whole day working.	昨天我一整天都在工作
The roof was damaged by the storm.	屋頂被暴風雨損壞了
As soon as the bell rang, the teacher came into the classroom.	鐘聲一響起
He has more books than I do.	他拥有的书比我的多
Are you busy at work?	你工作很忙嗎
Can I borrow some money from you?	我可以向你借一些錢
I think my French isn't very good.	我认为我的法语不太好
Which cap is yours?	哪顶帽子是你的
I saw a cat running after the dog.	我见一只猫追着狗跑
Don't pay any attention to Tom.	千万别理汤姆
A wise man profits from his mistakes.	聰明人會從自己的錯誤中受益
There's nothing good on television.	電視上沒有什麼好事
I play volleyball a lot.	我常打排球
I will say something about it.	我會談談它
She speaks fairly quickly.	她说话相当快
She may be cute, but I don't like her.	她倒很可爱
Tom likes swimming.	湯姆喜歡游泳
I wouldn't do that if I were you.	如果我是你
They are watching what's happening closely.	他们在仔细观看发生了什么
What's your natural hair color?	你的头发自然发色是什么颜色
I don't like to swim in the pool.	我不喜歡在泳池裡游泳
This is a terrible mistake.	这是一个可怕的错误
I'd rather do it by myself.	我更願意自己做
Bring me the dictionary.	把那本詞典遞給我
That's the point.	这正是问题的关键
I don't like eggs.	我不喜欢鸡蛋
I haven't finished this.	我做不了這個
He has poor eyesight.	他的视力不佳
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.	別擔心
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.	蘋果掉落的地方不會離樹幹很遠
She made jam from the apples.	她用蘋果做了果醬
She left home ten minutes ago.	她十分鐘前離家
Don't lie to Tom and me.	不要对我和汤姆撒谎
I climbed in through the window.	我从窗口爬进来的
He is getting better day by day.	他一天一天地好轉
I promise.	我向你保证
A trip to America was equivalent to a two-year salary for her.	去美国旅行一次相当于她两年的工资
I'll keep my word, whatever may happen.	不管发生什么
Tom teaches me French twice a week.	汤姆每周两次教我法语
Tom is about to fall asleep.	湯姆要睡著了
I love French.	我爱法语
You don't need to prepare a formal speech.	您没必要准备一个正式的演讲
It took months.	它花了几个月
My father often reads the newspaper during meals.	我父亲经常在吃饭时读报纸
Where are you going?	你去哪儿
My stomach is full.	我的胃是脹滿的
My uncle comes to see me from time to time.	我叔叔偶爾來看我
She refused my offer to help her.	她拒絕讓我幫助她
You'll be able to drive a car in a few days.	幾天之後你就可以開車了
One million people lost their lives in the war.	100	万人在战争中失去了生命
He likes listening to the radio.	他喜歡聽廣播
Tom can give you an answer tomorrow.	汤姆明天会给你一个答案
Does Tom have a job?	汤姆有工作吗
Smoke appeared.	烟雾出现了
This is just wrong.	這就是錯的
Give me a bottle of wine.	給我一瓶葡萄酒
Let's synchronize our watches.	讓我們校對一下錶吧
What do you say we go skiing?	我们去滑雪怎么样
He helped me to get over the difficulties.	他帮助我克服了困难
He is confronted by many difficulties.	他面臨著許多困難
I'm glad I could be of service.	能够出一份力太好了
At last, she gave in to him and told him the secret.	最後
School starts next Monday.	下周一开学
Fill out this form, please.	请填好这张表格
You can ask the child that is playing over there.	你可以問問在那裡玩的孩子
The weather is unusually cold.	天气非常寒冷
He was in time for the appointment.	他及時赴約了
Please shut the door behind you.	請隨手關門
I had a neighbor who was blind.	我有個盲鄰居
I was scared to be alone in the dark.	我害怕一个人处在黑暗之中
Those two are quarreling again.	他们俩又在吵架了
Are you ready?	你准备好了吗
Haven't you noticed?	你没注意到吗
Come inside.	进来
Tom is smashed.	汤姆醉了
I caught sight of a parade on my way home.	在回家的路上
Tom just wants your attention.	汤姆只是想引起你的注意
Furniture made of good materials sells well.	用优质材料做的家具卖得很好
It is too dark for me to read.	太暗了我無法讀
I am always at home on Sundays.	我星期日總是在家
Turn on the radio, please.	请打开收音机
How is life?	生活怎么样
I thought my head would explode.	我觉得我的头要炸了
I could hear her sobbing in her bedroom.	我能聽見她在臥室裡抽泣
Are you free tomorrow evening?	你明晚有空嗎
Something is better than nothing.	聊胜于无
He may have missed the train.	他可能错过了火车
It's likely to snow this evening.	今天晚上可能會下雪
She gave him a lot of money.	她给了他很多钱
A good idea occurred to him.	他想到一个好主意
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.	我学习的时候不要打扰我
I'm busy all the time.	我總是忙碌
Did you go to the supermarket?	你去过超市了吗
I was barely able to work.	我几乎不能工作了
I should've left earlier.	我應該要早點出發的
We think that he's honest.	我們認為他誠實
I was about to leave when you came in.	你来的时候我刚好要走
I got a bee sting.	我被蜜蜂蛰了一下
I can't leave.	我不能走
I'm going to buy a new car.	我要买辆新车
I like children. That's why I became a teacher.	我喜欢孩子
She gave away all her dolls.	她把她所有的娃娃送給了別人
Are you serious?	你认真的
Tom and I are almost done.	湯姆和我要做完了
He's the oldest son.	他是长子
I'm glad I could help out.	能够出一份力太好了
Will it be necessary for us to buy a book for this class?	我们有必要为上这门课买本教材吗
He fell to the floor.	他摔倒在地
Do you want to go somewhere?	你打算去什么地方吗
I'm playing a TV game.	我在玩電視遊樂器
I have difficulty chewing.	我不太能嚼東西
Police shouldn't take bribes.	警方不應該收取賄賂
She came to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.	她為了學習日文來到日本
There is only one book on the desk.	桌子上只有一本书
Whose idea was it?	这是谁的主意
Your CV has really impressed me.	你的履歷給我留下深刻的印象
My grades are above average.	我的成績高於平均水平
I couldn't agree with his opinion.	我不同意他的看法
They were abandoned by their mother.	她們被母親拋棄了
What time did you get to bed last night?	你昨天甚麼時候睡覺
May I speak with the teacher?	我能和老师说话吗
It can't be true.	那不可能是真的
May I play the piano?	我可以彈鋼琴嗎
We saw many ships in the harbor.	我們在港口裡看到了許多船
Is there anything you want to eat?	有什么想吃的吗
Most boys like baseball.	大部分男生喜欢棒球
I burned the paper.	我燒了紙
Your manners aren't very good.	你的禮貌不是很好
What are you going to do tomorrow?	你明天要做什麼
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday.	我從昨天起沒有吃任何東西
Is his story true?	他的故事是真的吗
My opinion is different from yours.	我的想法和你的不一样
They demanded that the mayor should resign.	他们要求市长辞职
I want Tom to wait.	我想让汤姆等着
We've had a most delightful day.	我們過了最愉快的一天
Don't throw away this magazine. I haven't read it yet.	这本杂志不要扔
Be fair.	公平点
I was afraid that I'd be late.	我怕我會遲到
I didn't want to humiliate you.	我不是想要羞辱你
Her skin is smooth.	她的皮膚光滑
This must be my book.	这肯定是我的书
There were no more free seats.	没有更多免费座位了
Did you really think I was going to help you?	你真的以为我会帮你吗
Are you feeling better, Tom?	你感覺好點了嗎
Wash your hands before eating.	進食前先洗手
She is eager to live in Australia.	她渴望住在澳洲
We are having a serious talk about your future.	我们在严肃地谈论你的未来
Come as soon as you can.	尽快来
Everyone inside the building felt the earthquake.	在建筑物里的所有人都感觉到了地震
It was really cheap.	它真的很便宜
Put on your glasses.	把眼鏡戴上
I haven't yet finished my supper.	我還沒吃完晚飯
I love him, but he loves someone else.	我爱他
We don't think so.	我们不这样认为
He was terribly poor when he was young.	他年轻的时候穷困潦倒
May I see the wine list?	我可以看一下酒單嗎
I can't imagine life without you.	我無法想像沒有你的生活
You shouldn't have eaten so much ice cream.	你不應該吃這麼多冰淇淋
My house is big.	我家很大
The students of this school are kind.	这个学校的学生很友好
She decided to resign.	她決定辭職了
I'd like something to drink.	我想喝点什么
What is your phone number?	你电话号码是多少
He threw a piece of meat to a dog.	他朝狗扔了一块肉
You can get a loan from a bank.	你可以从银行贷款
I will go on ahead.	我會繼續前進
What language do you think this is?	你觉得这是哪种语言
I promise I'll do that tomorrow.	我保證明天就做
He gave a nice present to me.	他送给我一份漂亮的礼物
The road was wet from the rain.	這條路因為下雨所以是濕的
Why don't you go home early today?	你今天為什麼不早點回家呢
We're expecting a good harvest this year.	我們期望今年豐收
You make me feel so guilty.	你讓我感到很內疚
He had plenty of fight left in him.	他的胸中还有足够的斗志
I want something sweet.	我要一些甜的東西
He likes playing football.	他喜歡踢足球
They were persecuted.	他们受到迫害
Where does this street lead to?	這條街通到哪裡
I'm as tall as you.	我跟你一樣高
I'm able to speak.	我能说
He himself did it.	是他自己做的
That makes sense.	那样说得通
He has plenty of money in the bank.	他在银行里有大量钱财
I study for 3 hours every day.	我每天讀書三個小時
I might make a mistake.	我可能犯了個錯
You look very tired.	你看上去非常累
Have you ever broken your glasses?	你摔坏过你的眼镜吗
The broccoli today isn't very fresh.	今天的西藍花不是很新鮮
He always keeps his room clean.	他總是把他的房間保持乾淨
To my surprise, he easily came up with a plan.	令我吃惊的是
Show me an example.	给我个例子
He promised me he would be here at six.	他答應我六點鐘的時候他會在這裡
That's all I could find.	那是我所有能找到的
Please close the door.	請關門
We were very sorry that we couldn't help them.	我們很遺憾無法幫助他們
We enjoy reading books.	我们喜欢阅读书籍
I'll give you a prescription.	我会给你开个药方
Tom and I are in the same class.	湯姆和我在同一個班裡
He could not come because of his serious illness.	他因為生重病不能來
Someone has walked off with my pencil.	有人偷走了我的鉛筆
I took it for granted that you were on my side.	我理所當然認為你會站在我這邊
The boy had a red face.	這個男孩有一張紅潤的臉
You'd better take an umbrella with you.	你最好隨身帶把傘
We took part in the discussion.	我們參加了討論
I don't want to play cards.	我不想玩紙牌
Is that love?	那是愛嗎
Would you like to have a drink before dinner?	晚饭前您想喝一杯吗
We did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time.	我们没指望过他在那么短的时间里完成工作
Did you see yesterday's eclipse?	你看了昨天的月蝕了嗎
Tom refused to pay the bill.	湯姆拒絕付賬
Life cannot exist without water.	水是生命的源泉
He is studying in the library now.	他現在在圖書館讀書
Let's find out who sent this to us.	讓我們查查誰送給我們這個
Eating lunch with you would make me happy.	跟你一起吃午飯會讓我高興
Opinion is divided on this point.	在這一點上意見不一
Playing cards is very interesting.	打牌很有意思
This book is very thick.	这本书非常厚
Lend me some books to read.	借我一些書看
This isn't good.	这不好
Tom works in a bank now.	湯姆現在在銀行上班
Were you a soldier?	你是士兵嗎
I got my bicycle repaired.	我叫人把我的自行车修好了
He quarrelled with his brother.	他和他弟弟吵了起来
Just a moment, please.	请稍等一下
Please ask at the information desk.	請向服務台詢問
What souvenir do you think she would like most?	你觉得她最想要什么纪念品
I don't understand at all.	我完全不懂
A spark caused the gunpowder to explode.	一点火花让火药爆炸
Tom doesn't have very many friends.	汤姆的朋友不是很多
I took a look around.	我看了看周圍
This bucket has a hole in it.	這個桶有個洞
All we need is water.	我们需要的只有水
They made their way across the river.	他們渡河前進
I'll leave that to you.	我會留給你
You can take today off.	你今天可以休假一天
When will it begin?	什么时候开始
Don't take things so seriously.	不要把事情看得這麼嚴重
Did you have a good time yesterday?	你昨天玩得開心嗎
He likes to hunt.	他喜欢打猎
I have a slight headache today.	我今天有輕微的頭痛
I helped my father with the work.	我幫我父親做這個工作
I am fond of cars.	我喜歡車
At first, I had no idea why.	起初我不知道為什麼
Tom doesn't have to help me anymore.	汤姆不必帮我
You should not go alone.	你不應該一個人去
Let me help you. Your bag looks very heavy.	让我来帮你吧
Tom walked out.	湯姆走了出去
It is rude to laugh at others.	嘲笑別人是無禮的
Their plan sounds interesting to me.	他们的计划对我来说很有意思
We needed to learn French.	我們需要學法語
Did you plan to eat all of that yourself?	你打算自己一人把它全部吃了吗
What's in the living room?	客廳裏有什麼
You guys are totally clueless.	你们这些家伙真不懂事
He's a DJ.	他是一个
Put the book on the bottom shelf.	把這本書放在架子的底部
She is absent because of sickness.	她不在是因为病了
He died recently.	他最近去世了
You and I are the same age.	你和我同龄
That's too bad.	太可惜了
I'm not quite well.	我有點不舒服
Doing that is simply out of the question.	根本不可能做那件事
She used to live with him.	她以前和他住一起
Everyone wants to meet you. You're famous!	大家都想见到你
Nobody can stop me!	没人能阻止我
I'm trying to think of a better plan.	我在想有沒有什麼更好的計劃呢
His house is across from mine.	他的房子在我的對面
He's a little taller than you are.	他比你高一點點
The train came on time.	火车准时到了
Did you bring your family with you?	你帶著家人一起來嗎
You are very brave.	您非常勇敢
I remember seeing you last year.	我記得去年看過你
You have to make a reservation.	你必須事先預約
The lights aren't on.	灯没有亮着
You know too much.	你知道得太多了
Tom is the coolest person in the world.	汤姆是世界上最酷的人
Tom turned on the car's fog lights.	湯姆打開了車的霧燈
Tom's parents were both teachers.	湯姆的父母都是教師
Maybe he will be a good teacher.	也許他會是一個很好的老師
I asked twenty friends to the party.	我請了二十位朋友參加派對
Show me your passport, please.	请把您的护照给我看一下
Today is my birthday.	今天是我生日
I'd like to pay by check.	我想用支票付款
Unfortunately, it's true.	可惜这是真的
He wishes he had gone to the theater last night.	昨晚他希望他去了剧场
There is a TV in this room.	这个房间里有个电视机
Tom fell asleep.	汤姆睡着了
His daughter has become a beautiful woman.	他的女兒已經成為了一個漂亮的女人
Where did it come from?	它从哪里来
Have you eaten your lunch yet?	你吃過午飯了嗎
I wonder who has come.	我想知道谁来了
We have all we need for now.	我们现在拥有了所有我们想要的
Ask him where he parked his car.	問問他把他的車停在那裡
I don't think that she looks like her mother.	我不觉得她像她妈妈
This is my mother.	这是我的妈妈
Tom has been gone for ages.	汤姆年纪大去世了
He doesn't come here every day.	他不是每天都來這
Tom has the ability to make that happen.	汤姆有让那发生的能力
I can't make out what he wants.	我不明白他想要什么
She made me wait for half an hour.	她让我等了半小时
I did that, even though I didn't really need to.	尽管我并不是真的需要这样做
Will you please let me go now?	可否请你现在让我走
There's going to be a math test tomorrow.	明天有一個數學測驗
My stomach hurts.	我胃痛
Many conservationists fear the continuing slaughter of whales is pushing these animals towards extinction.	许多自然环境保护主义者担心持续屠杀鲸鱼正推动这些动物走向灭绝
He differs from his brother.	他和他兄弟不一样
I think it's very difficult.	我認為它很難
The train for Birmingham leaves from platform 3.	去伯明翰的火车从
Where did you get that much money?	你从哪里得到这么多钱的
When I heard the news, I cried.	當我聽到這個消息
I'm hoping that that'll happen.	我希望那會發生
I'm sorry I didn't call.	我很抱歉我没有打电话
I'll ride with Tom.	我要和汤姆一起骑车
Our team won the game.	我們這隊贏得了比賽
He's leaving for China tomorrow.	他明天出发去中国
Tom wanted to follow in his father's footsteps.	汤姆想追随他父亲的脚步
He only had 100 dollars.	他只有
I can't stand his arrogance.	我受不了他的傲慢
The rumor turned out to be true.	這個傳聞後來被證明是真的了
She's about the same height as you.	她大概跟你一樣高
I had no idea Tom wasn't happy.	我不知道汤姆不开心
I thought that that was a great story.	我觉得那是个很棒的故事
That's mine. I don't know where yours is.	那个是我的
She's busy now and can't speak to you.	她現在忙
Was her story true?	她的故事是真的吗
Are you still winning?	你還在贏嗎
The car is in the garage.	车在车库里
Tom is Canadian.	汤姆是加拿大人
Which way is Central Park?	中央公園在哪個方向
It was raining when we left, but by the time we arrived, it was sunny.	我们走的时候下着雨
What has happened to him?	他發生了什麼事
Could I have the bill, please?	請把帳單給我好嗎
My aunt made me a new skirt.	我舅母做了一條新裙子給我
Is this bag yours or his?	那个包是你的还是他的
It seems that the only time he isn't eating is when he's sleeping.	看来他只有在睡觉时不吃东西
We're next-door neighbors.	我们是隔着墙的邻居
I'm sure they'll win.	我確定他們會贏
I'll give you anything that you want.	我會給你任何你想要的東西
Tom is 30 years old.	汤姆今年三十岁
I want a few potatoes.	我要幾個土豆
He lost his eyesight in the accident.	他在意外中失明了
I can't reach it.	我搆不到它
I think Tom is athletic.	我认为汤姆好运动
I like swimming, but I don't like to swim here.	我喜欢游泳
Do you take MasterCard?	可以用万事达信用卡吗
We can't get close to the enemy.	我们无法接近敌人
Have you heard from him?	你收到他的音訊了嗎
I wrote it all down.	我全写下来了
When did you come to Japan?	你何時來日本的
I'm pretty sure Tom is the only one who can't do that.	我确信汤姆是唯一不会那么做的人
I am a college student.	我是个大学生
Mary wanted to marry a man with ambition.	以前
That is your book.	那是你的書
I follow the rules.	我遵守規矩
He studies Chinese as well.	他也学习汉语
I said I would make her happy.	我说我会让她幸福的
What do we have to do?	我們必須做甚麼
Who do you want to talk to?	你想跟誰說話
I couldn't enter because the door was closed.	我因為門關著進不去
Tom and Mary admired the scenery as they held hands.	汤姆和玛丽手牵着手
You shouldn't eat too much candy.	你不應該吃太多糖果
Drink up. We've got to go.	喝完吧
She is on a diet.	她在节食
I've got a frog in my throat.	我的喉嚨裡有一隻青蛙
There is a path through the fields.	有条小路穿过农田
You can't allow Tom to do that anymore.	你不能再允許湯姆那麼做了
Getting started was difficult.	开始很难
Tom doesn't need to wear glasses anymore.	汤姆不需要再戴眼镜了
Back off!	往后退点
Even a teacher can make mistakes.	老师也会犯错
It's the thought that counts.	礼轻情意重
To my knowledge, she hasn't married yet.	據我所知
Tom's uncle keeps a lot of sheep.	湯姆的叔叔養了很多羊
We elected her captain of our team.	我们选她为我们队的队长
He acts as if he were a king.	他表現得像國王一樣
I think that Tom is photogenic.	我觉得汤姆很上镜
How do you pronounce your name?	你怎麼唸你的名字
I am on the right.	我在右邊
We love Tom.	我们爱汤姆
This is the best movie I've ever seen.	这部电影是我迄今为止看过的最好的一部
She kept various kinds of pets.	她养各种不同的宠物
That's strange.	奇怪
She hurt her foot when she fell off her bicycle.	她在从自行车上摔下来时伤到了脚
Can you do some shopping for me?	你能幫我買些東西嗎
I'm vegetarian.	我是素食主义者
I'm amazed at his rapid progress in English.	我被他英语的快速进步惊呆了
Speak clearly and make yourself heard.	講清楚並大聲地讓別人聽到你說話
She and I are in the same class.	她和我同班
I think I'm going to go now.	我认为我现在该走了
I was given a nice watch by my uncle.	我叔叔给了我一块漂亮的手表
What season do you like the best?	您最喜欢哪个季节
I agreed to the proposal.	我同意這項建議
Are you a teacher?	你是老师吗
I'm not sure, but I think I know where to go.	我不确定
Do you like Japanese food?	你喜歡日本料理嗎
Strawberries sell for a high price in the winter.	草莓在冬天售價高
We easily figured out the password.	我们毫不费力地想出了密码
I bought this book the other day.	我前幾天買了這本書
I'm a man.	我是个男人
She was surprised that he showed up.	她很驚訝他出現了
What did you have for lunch?	你午饭吃的什么
He managed to get home before dark.	他設法在天黑前回家
It's next to impossible to finish it in a day.	在一天之内完成它几乎是不可能的
You can park here.	这里可以停车
The bus is full. You'll have to wait for the next one.	這班公車客滿了
Do you like rabbits?	你喜歡兔子嗎
This bike needs to be repaired.	这辆自行车需要修理
What would you advise me to do?	您建议我做什么
I think I shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.	我想我不该让汤姆做那件事
I called him up yesterday.	我昨天打電話給他
I need your cooperation.	我需要你们的合作
My horse is white.	我的马是白色的
I'm not going to say it again.	我不会再说了
Definitely!	必须的
Send for the doctor at once.	立刻派人去請醫生來
You must not speak loudly.	你不該大聲說話
That's a strange question.	真是奇怪的问题
She is ashamed of what she's done.	她为自己所做的事感到羞耻
He began to sweat.	他开始出汗了
Do you know the meaning of this word?	您知道这个词的意思吗
Tom was killed in an accident.	湯姆在一場意外中喪生
We'll ask Tom and see what he thinks.	我們要問問湯姆
I drive everywhere.	我去哪里都开车
He often quotes Milton.	他常引用米爾頓
He has gone mad.	他疯了
You'll understand later.	你晚一會就能明白
There's a book here.	這裡有一本書
I don't agree with him.	我不同意他
There's always someone talking.	總是會有人說話
She will be here this evening.	她今天晚上將在這裡
He will make a good team captain.	他會成為一個好隊長
Are you going to sing here?	你们要在这里唱歌吗
Please return the book by tomorrow.	請明天前還書
I want the fan.	我要那個電風扇
Anybody may participate.	谁都可以参加
Tom knows me.	Tom	認識我
She hung a curtain over the window.	她把窗簾掛在窗戶上
I know you like sports.	我知道你喜欢体育运动
I woke up at five this morning.	我今天早上五點醒來
I really don't believe so.	我真不這麼想
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
I'm afraid she may have the mumps.	我怕她可能得了腮腺炎
Acid rain isn't a natural phenomenon.	酸雨不是自然现象
In some countries, the punishment for treason can be life in prison.	在一些國家
I was the happiest man on earth.	我曾是世界上最幸福的男人
I hope Tom appreciates it.	我希望汤姆欣赏它
I wish I were rich.	但願我很有錢
I neither drink nor smoke.	我既不抽烟又不喝酒
The calculator on the table is mine.	桌上的计算器是我的
I was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang.	我正要离开家的时候电话响了
It was getting dark.	天要黑了
No matter what happens, I won't change my mind.	无论发生什么我都不会改主意的
We went into the red last year.	我们去年遇到了赤字
She came to Tokyo at the age of 18.	她
Rome was not built in a day.	冰冻三尺
I need some help with my work.	我在我的工作上需要一些幫助
He grew up in a little village.	他在一個小村莊裡長大
The train has pulled in.	這班火車已經到了
Will you play tennis after school?	你放學後會去打網球嗎
Forewarned is forearmed.	凡事豫則立
The telephone was invented in 1876 by Bell.	電話於
Our teacher doesn't just speak English, but French too.	我们老师不仅说英语
I went there by bus and train.	我搭公車和火車去那裡
I advise you never to live beyond your income.	我建议你永远不要入不敷出
Now is the time for action.	现在是行动的时候了
Is this the first time you've seen this movie?	这是你第一次看这部电影吗
This dictionary is my sister's.	這本字典是我妹妹的
You really are lucky, aren't you?	你真的很幸運
They consider it impolite to disagree with someone they don't know very well.	他们认为
My eyes are watering.	我在流眼淚
Thousands of people lost their jobs.	数千人失业
A Mexican taught him Spanish.	一個墨西哥人教了他西班牙文
He's not a hero.	他不是英雄
I think so, too.	我也是這麼想的
Let's get drunk.	让我们一醉方休吧
Do you think we'll have good weather tomorrow?	你觉得明天会有个好天气吗
Can you come to the meeting tomorrow?	你明天可以來參加會議嗎
The boat can still be seen.	船还能被看到
She had a basket full of apples.	她有一整籃的蘋果
She became drowsy after supper.	晚飯後她變得昏昏欲睡
It's delicious.	很美味
Let's play tennis after school.	讓我們放學後打網球
I watched TV this morning.	我今天早上看了电视
Smoking is not permitted here.	这里不允许抽烟
This is a present for you.	這是給你的禮物
Is it going to rain tomorrow?	明天会下雨吗
Hey, your dog just bit me.	嘿
Who's next?	下一个是谁
Why did you cry?	你为什么哭
Tom picked up the book.	汤姆捡起了书
I'll call you up tomorrow morning.	明天早上我會打電話給你
This apple is too small.	這個蘋果太小
What have you guys done to me?	你们到底对我做了什么
I can play soccer.	我會踢足球
Don't throw rocks into the river.	不要往河裡扔石頭
I have a stupid question.	我有一個愚蠢的問題
I'll be leaving for Australia next month.	我下個月將去澳洲
It's almost midnight here.	這裡已經是午夜了
I'm studying economics in college.	我正在大学里读经济
The plane is about to land.	飛機就要降落了
We discussed the plan yesterday.	昨天我們討論了這個計劃
A day without laughter is a day wasted.	没有笑声的一天肯定是最为虚度的一天
I can't sleep well.	我睡不好
Is there life on Mars?	火星上有生命嗎
I don't understand music.	我不懂音乐
Tom's prediction was correct.	事儿被汤姆说中了
She gave me this compact disc.	她給了我這個光碟
The police seem to know exactly where we are.	警察看來很清楚我們在哪裡
Tom is lonely and unhappy.	汤姆又孤单又不幸
She tried to commit suicide.	她企圖自殺
Please get me a ticket.	請給我取一張票
Can you tell me where the flea market is?	你能告訴我跳蚤市場在哪裡嗎
Why did you say such a thing?	你為什麼說了這樣的事
I was so cold.	我很冷
I'll personally visit you.	我會親自拜訪您
Tom died.	汤姆去世了
Is it safe to eat cockroaches?	吃蟑螂安全吗
They got married and settled near Boston.	他們結了婚並定居在波士頓附近
You people can't help yourselves.	你们这些人管不住自己
They always skip school.	他們總是逃學
Sorry, I made a mistake.	对不起
I'm ashamed of myself.	我对我自己感到惭愧
Tom told the cops everything.	湯姆全都告訴了條子
There were few people on the beach.	沙灘上的人非常少
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.	我期待您的消息
I couldn't put up with her arrogant behavior.	我无法忍受她傲慢的态度
You may park here.	这里可以停车
In that case, let's go.	那么
This is a company town.	这是个企业生活区
Tell me Tom's email address.	告诉我汤姆的邮箱地址吧
I wonder if Tom really wanted to go to Australia with Mary.	我怀疑汤姆是不是真的想和玛丽一起去澳大利亚
Would you like me to get you something from the supermarket?	你要不要我從超市給你帶些什麼
I think Tom's an idiot.	我想汤姆是个蠢材
She proceeded with the work.	她继续工作
My grandfather likes to walk.	我爷爷喜欢步行
I think you went too far.	我觉得您过火了
It isn't practical.	这不实用
I never touch beer.	我从不喝啤酒
Did Tom send you?	湯姆派了你們來嗎
You may go.	您可以走了
I don't remember what Tom looked like.	我不記得湯姆長甚麼樣
That's my cat.	那是我的猫
I wasn't busy yesterday.	我昨天不忙
It is bad manners to point at people.	用手指点别人不礼貌
His car is really cool.	他的車真的很酷
I don't know when he came back from France.	我不知道他是什么时候从法国回来的
Everybody thinks so.	大家都是这样想的
English is spoken in Canada.	在加拿大的人說英語
I wonder what else Tom wants.	我想知道汤姆还要别的什么
While reading a book, I fell asleep.	我看书的时候睡着了
I have to stay home.	我得留在家
I want you to be prepared.	我想讓你準備好
That's what I hope.	我希望如此
We gladly accept your offer.	我们很高兴接受你的提议
My e-mail address has been changed.	我的电子邮箱改变了
I take the train to work every day.	我每天搭火車上班
Cash donations will be accepted.	接受现金捐赠
Have you eaten your dinner already?	你吃過晚飯了嗎
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.	善良是聾子能聽盲人能看的語言
Please answer this question for me.	請回答我這個問題
I found the test difficult.	我觉得这个测试很难
Tom didn't doubt that there would be a lot of people there.	汤姆确定那里会有很多人
She showed me her album.	她給我看她的相簿
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health.	新鮮水果和蔬菜有益健康
Don't touch these.	不要碰這些
What are you driving at?	你们在暗示什么
Let's play baseball!	讓我們來打棒球吧
I have to help.	我必须帮忙
My father is too busy to take a walk.	我父親太忙而無法去散步
Tom wouldn't let anyone else in the room.	汤姆不让任何人进房间
I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.	我认为一部电影的乐趣远胜于任何一本书
Tom is kissing Mary.	汤姆亲吻玛利亚
She has to look after her mother.	她必須照顧她的母親
I wish you the best of luck.	祝你好運
Tom made me do that.	是汤姆让我做的
Tom had a heat stroke.	汤姆中暑了
Traffic lights work all the time.	紅綠燈一直在運作
Only peace can save the world.	只有和平能够拯救世界
That's something to be proud of.	那是值得自豪的事
I have a brother in Boston.	我有个在波士顿的兄弟
He is a doctor by profession.	他的职业是医生
It is 7:45.	现在是七点四十五分
I want you to stay here until I get back.	我想你待在这里直到我回来
I've been in prison.	我進過監獄
Industry was growing quickly.	工業發展迅速
I was lucky.	我运气很好
Is that our problem?	那是我們的問題嗎
I don't like learning irregular verbs.	我不喜欢学习不规则动词
I often played tennis with her.	我常常和她打網球
Tom slept through the entire movie.	湯姆在整場電影放映時都在睡覺
She was obliged to give up the plan.	她不得不放弃这个计划
I know everything.	我什么都知道
I agree.	我同意
I'm going to make you a drink.	我去弄飲料給你
You have three cars, don't you?	你有三辆车对吗
If I had the money, I'd buy a new house.	如果我有錢
We often play chess.	我们经常下棋
I will ask him tomorrow.	我明天會問他
Tom's grandmother looks healthy.	汤姆的祖母好像身体很好
Are you writing a letter?	你在寫信嗎
I'll wait here till he comes back.	我会等在这儿直到他回来
They are talking in the kitchen.	他們正在廚房裡說話
I played tennis after school.	放学后我打了网球
I don't want Tom to die.	我不想让汤姆死
My house is fully insured.	我的房子绝对保险
I didn't expect to be here either.	我也没想到我会在这里
She won many competitions.	她贏了許多比賽
Tom saw the file.	湯姆看了文件
My purse has been stolen.	我的錢包被搶了
I don't know which button to push.	我不知道要按哪個按鈕
We know him.	我們認識他
I need to get some stamps.	我需要一些郵票
I am in Tokyo today.	我今天在東京
Father would often read detective stories in his spare time.	父亲常常在空闲时间读侦探小说
What's causing it?	是什么原因
Do you know how to dance?	你會跳舞嗎
She rushed home with the good news.	她急忙帶著好消息跑回家
The ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight.	湖上的冰太薄了
You live in my heart.	你住在我心裡
She waited for hours and hours.	她等了好幾個小時
He left for Europe a week ago, that is, on the tenth of May.	他在一周前离开去往欧洲
My son is brushing his teeth.	我的儿子在刷牙
Please tell me.	請告訴我
They had started earlier than we had.	他们比我们先开始
He was present at the meeting.	他出席了会议
He often walks to school.	他常常走路去學校
I really like to read.	我真喜欢阅读
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.	人們看待事情的角度不同取決於他們是富裕或貧窮
Do you often travel abroad?	你经常去国外旅行吗
We've run short of money.	我们缺钱了
Thank you very much for everything.	非常感謝你所做的一切
The petals are floating on the water.	花瓣浮在水面上
Tom knows what he has to do.	湯姆知道他該做什麼
The accident held up traffic.	事故耽誤了交通
It became dark before I knew it.	我不知道天色變暗了
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.	我要告訴你的只能你我知道
The meeting has almost ended.	会议接近了尾声
I don't like swimming in pools.	我不喜歡在泳池裡游泳
We had a conversation about baseball.	我們交談了有關棒球的事
This is the house where I used to live when I was young.	这是我年轻时候住的房子
I don't want to grow up.	我不想长大
Do you think that was fair?	你认为那公平吗
Tom didn't know that what he'd done was against the rules.	汤姆不知道他的所作所为违反了规则
I like tennis and golf.	我喜欢网球和高尔夫
How dare you speak like that!	你怎么敢这样说话
He asked me if I knew her telephone number.	他问我
She always speaks in a low voice.	她總是低聲地說話
Excuse me, where are the eggs?	请问鸡蛋在哪里
You were the one who told me it was safe here.	你是告诉我这里很安全的人
You're invited, too.	你也被邀请了
Everything comes to those who wait.	成功屬於耐心等待的人
I would go if I were you.	要是我是你
Tom seems to be completely lost.	湯姆看來完全輸了
The Japanese military forces seemed too strong to stop.	日本军队看来强大得不可阻挡
Tom was absent yesterday.	湯姆昨天缺席了
I'm so tired!	我好累啊
I wanted to surprise her.	我想給她一個驚喜
I understand the concept.	我明白这概念
I saw five men.	我看到了五個男人
She likes all kinds of sports.	她喜歡各種運動
I'm just a plain office worker.	我只是一個普通的上班族
Please keep it a secret.	请保密
The man tried to install his own antenna.	这男人试着安装他自己的天线
How much does a kilogram of pineapples cost?	菠蘿一公斤多少錢
Tom is a professor, isn't he?	汤姆是一名教授
I wish I hadn't said that at the party.	我希望我在聚會上沒說過那話
It looks like an egg.	这看上去像个蛋
That bag is mine.	那个包是我的
Our house was robbed while we were away.	我们走开的时候
The sky is full of stars.	天空布满星辰
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.	科学家们还不知道怎么治疗癌症
Just say no.	只要說不
Will you stay at home?	你会待在家吗
Who was the letter written to?	信是写给谁的
The war ended in 1945.	这场战争结束于
You should have accepted his advice.	你本应该接受他的建议
I know your brother very well.	我和你哥哥很熟
I wake him at six every morning.	我每天早上
I'm used to staying up late.	我习惯晚睡
This is Uncle Tom's farm.	這是湯姆叔叔的農場
I know it's time to go, but I want to stay longer.	我知道該走了
I don't like to use liquid laundry detergent.	我不喜歡用洗衣液
You're a good cook.	你是个好厨师
Yesterday was my birthday.	昨天是我的生日
Everyone said that I was wrong.	大家都說我是錯的
That movie is for children.	那部電影是給小孩看的
She went on working.	她继续工作
Please continue with your story.	请继续讲你的故事
Does anyone care?	有人在意吗
It doesn't matter what he said.	他說的不重要
She helped me to clear snow away.	她幫我清除積雪
This is the house where he lived.	這是他住的房子
Let me go to the store.	让我去商店吧
Where is the pain?	哪裡痛
I ate lunch in a hurry.	我匆忙地吃了午飯
I like to play basketball.	我喜歡打籃球
It's a matter of life and death.	这是一个生和死的问题
No one came except Tom.	除了汤姆没有人来
I've been to Australia three times.	我去過澳洲三次
I'll teach you how to drive a car.	我会教你怎么开车
Tom's room is dirty.	汤姆的房间很脏
I made efforts to improve my grades.	我努力地改善我的成績
It's a pleasure to have you with us again.	真高兴你又跟我们在一起了
I believe in ghosts.	我信鬼神之说
What did you tell them?	你告诉了他们什么
Tom has been struck by lightning three times.	湯姆被閃電擊中過三次
Tom says he doesn't feel like going out.	汤姆说他不想出去
No one ran ahead of him.	没有人跑在他前面
It's cold this morning.	今天早上冷
Tom has many talents.	汤姆多才多艺
He told me the story of his life.	他给我讲述了他的一生
Iceland belonged to Denmark.	冰岛曾属于丹麦
Is there anything you can do?	有什么事是你能做的吗
I broke my right leg.	我摔斷了右腿
These flowers you see are roses.	你看到的這些花是玫瑰
Tom has three other dogs.	汤姆还另有三条狗
I looked around, but saw nobody.	我環顧四周
Can I get you something to drink?	我可以帶喝的東西給你嗎
He has a lot of books on history.	他有很多历史书籍
Have you ever seen him swimming?	你曾看過他游泳嗎
When do you usually get off work?	您一般几点下班
She kissed him on the cheek.	她亲吻他的脸颊
The man got away from the city.	這名男子逃離了這個城市
I'm glad you came today.	我很高兴你今天来了
Japan is famous for Mt. Fuji.	日本以富士山聞名
My shirt isn't dry yet.	我的襯衫還沒乾
For what purpose?	為了什麼目的
Don't worry so much.	别那么着急
Why don't you come visit us?	为什么你不来看我们
He scraped the mud off his boots.	他刮下靴子上的泥巴
She finally made it.	她終於做到了
You'd better go in person.	你最好親自去
She doesn't smile for me anymore.	她已经不向我微笑了
As everyone knows, air is a mixture of gases.	众所周知
She is more pretty than beautiful.	說她美不如說她可愛
Doctors have discovered some startling facts.	医生发现了一些令人吃惊的事实
Tom joined the discussion.	汤姆参加了讨论
I was born 20 years ago.	我二十年前出生
Can you help me?	你能幫我嗎
My cats will love this.	我的猫会爱上这个
Tom was the one that told us about the problem.	湯姆是告訴我們問題的人
There is no water.	沒有水
What he said was over my head.	这人讲的我完全听不懂
I thought you said you didn't see anything.	我記得你說你甚麼也沒看到
My house is just across the street.	我的房子就在對街
What time does the first train leave?	第一班火车什么时候出发
The total comes to 3,000 yen.	总共是
My father lives in the country.	我父親住在鄉下
I tried to escape.	我试图逃跑
I don't think it's going to be easy to find Tom.	我认为
The old man is blind in one eye.	这名老人一只眼盲了
Sometimes I smoke just to give my hands something to do.	有时我吸烟只是因为要给我手头点事做
I was always good at English.	我一直都擅長英文
I have a stomachache, doctor.	我胃痛
I suppose you're hungry.	我猜想你饿了
Can you eat raw oysters?	你能生吃牡蠣嗎
Dad's in an impatient mood today.	爸爸今天很不耐烦
I don't like this one.	我不喜欢这个
I felt like crying.	我想哭
I forgot to ask Tom.	我忘了问汤姆
Is there a supermarket nearby?	这里附近有超市吗
The tigers escaped from the zoo.	老虎從動物園中逃出來了
You may choose what you like.	你可以選擇你喜歡的
Do this work by tomorrow if possible.	如果可能的话
School begins on April the tenth.	學校在四月十日開學
I wouldn't ask this of you if it weren't important.	如果不是它很重要
I've climbed Mt. Fuji twice.	我爬過兩次富士山
The medicine made me very sleepy.	這個藥讓我很想睡覺
By the way, did you find the umbrella you said you'd lost the other day?	对了
He drinks too much beer.	他喝太多啤酒
I've already been working here for several hours.	我已经在这里工作几个小时了
I was awfully confused by his question.	我對他的問題感到非常困惑
I have no time.	我没时间
Tom doesn't want to talk to anyone.	汤姆不想跟任何人说话
His dress is that of a gentleman, but his speech and behavior are those of a clown.	他衣着像个绅士
I've never stopped loving Tom.	我從沒停止過愛湯姆
She may come.	她也許來
He's stronger than you.	他比你強壯
Only six people came to the party.	只有六個人參加了派對
I need more time to finish my homework.	我需要更多時間來完成我的家庭作業
This orange is too sour.	這個柳橙太酸了
It's all your fault.	都是你的错
Why can't Tom come to us?	為甚麼湯姆不能來我們這裡
Tell me again where you live.	再跟我說一次
Is there a flower shop in the hotel?	酒店中有花店吗
She gave me access to her records.	她允許了我對她的訪問紀錄
Could you please speak a little bit more slowly?	能否請你說慢一點
She loved me in the same way that I loved her.	她愛我就像我愛她一樣
Be still.	静静的
He likes smoking in the toilet.	他喜欢在厕所里吸烟
He played baseball after school.	他放學後打棒球
Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.	结婚是所有离婚的主要原因
He is included among my friends.	他是我的朋友之一
Which credit cards can I use?	我可以用哪些信用卡
Green suits you.	綠色適合你
She aspired to become an actress.	她立志成為一名演員
We ran short of money.	我们缺钱了
Mary has beautiful brown eyes.	玛丽的褐色眼睛很美
This could hurt our business.	这会打击我们的生意
I want to have my own room.	我想要有我自己的房间
I started learning Chinese last week.	我上周开始学中文了
When will your new store open?	你的新商店什么时候开张
Children should keep away from the river. It's dangerous.	儿童应该远离河流
It's snowing outside.	外面在下雪
You shouldn't waste your time.	你不该浪费你的时间
Tom is late as usual.	汤姆像往常一样来晚了
What do you want to eat?	你想吃什么
Did he look like a doctor?	他看起來像個醫生嗎
Please close the door quietly.	請安靜地關門
I told him what the problem was.	我告诉了他问题所在
Where did you get it?	你从哪得到它的
There is no film in this camera.	這個相機裡沒有膠片
It must be a coincidence.	這一定是個巧合
You may go anywhere.	您可以随便去哪儿
I'll eat here.	我會在這裡吃飯
That's a small tree.	那是棵小树
Tom knew what Mary intended to do.	湯姆知道瑪麗想做甚麼
Tom knows a lot of people.	汤姆交际广
Tom couldn't control himself.	汤姆不能自已
I understood Tom's point of view.	我理解汤姆的观点
My parents won't let me date.	我父母不让我和男生约会
It wasn't interesting at all.	一点也不好玩
What do you call this flower?	這個花叫什麼名字
He denied having written to me.	他否認曾寫信給我
I found out where she was.	我弄清楚她在哪儿了
She showed him to his seat.	她領他到他的座位上
I worked hard last month.	我上個月很努力工作
The monkey climbed up the tree.	猴子爬上了树
She's a complete stranger to me.	她对我来说是一个完全陌生的人
Tom let Mary go home.	湯姆讓瑪麗回家
Where is the wedding to be?	婚礼在哪儿举行
We should work faster.	我們的工作應該要加快
Tom was on television last night.	汤姆昨晚上电视了
Even children can read this book.	即使是小孩也能讀這本書
Probably you are allergic to pollen or dust.	你可能对花粉或灰尘过敏
I brush my teeth twice a day.	我一天刷兩次牙
Go straight home.	直接回家
He has a strong sense of responsibility.	他有強烈的責任感
I know that you're busy, too.	我知道
Save it on the external hard drive.	把它保存在外接式硬碟
Tom has a beautiful car.	Tom	有台靓车
Nice timing.	好时机
I don't know when she got married.	我不知道她是什么时候结婚的
She was aching all over.	她全身都疼
She doesn't have any friends.	她一个朋友都没有
You should do that soon.	你應該很快那樣做
The bus will take you to the center of the city.	巴士会把你们带到市中心
Only a few people understood me.	只有个别人才懂了我的意思
My grandfather's photograph is on the wall.	我祖父的照片在墙上挂着
The poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.	可憐的人民任憑殘暴的獨裁者處置
Maybe I'll just give up soon and take a nap instead.	也许我会马上放弃然后去打盹
Do Tom and Mary work together?	汤姆和玛丽一起工作吗
My mother has good handwriting.	我母親的筆跡很好看
He was absent at roll call.	他在点名时缺席
He who laughs last laughs best.	最後笑的人
She was ashamed of herself for her carelessness.	她为自己的粗心感到羞耻
When do you study?	你什麼時候讀書
If possible, I'd like to travel around the world.	如果可能的话
Prices are double what they were ten years ago.	价钱是
I want an MP3 player!	我想要一个
We need Tom back.	我們需要湯姆回來
She goes to school on foot.	她走路去上學
He looks old, but he is still in his twenties.	他看上去老
He can read well enough.	他能讀得很好
Tom isn't used to walking barefooted.	汤姆不习惯赤脚漫步
She seemed to have been ill.	好像她病了
You have to go.	你們得走了
I'm ready to do anything for you.	我甘心为你做任何事
Her dream is to visit Paris.	她的梦想是参观巴黎
Which is larger, Japan or England?	日本和英格兰哪个大
You work as hard as he did at your age.	你跟他在你這個年紀時一樣努力工作
Tom is in the living room with Mary.	汤姆和玛丽在客厅里
I had a tennis match with him.	我曾與他的比賽網球
It's still early.	還早呢
All of you are familiar with the truth of the story.	你們所有的人都熟悉這個故事的真相
Tom sent me an interesting text.	汤姆给我发了一条有趣的短信
I'm only thinking of you.	我只想到你
I'm glad it's over.	我很高興它結束了
Tom is likely to still be outside.	汤姆很可能还在外面
Are you sure Tom is in Australia now?	你确定汤姆现在在澳洲吗
Have you ever seen sausage being made?	你见过灌肠的做法吗
I'll attend the next meeting.	我会参加下次的会议
Keep to the right.	靠右侧通行
I work for a shipping company.	我為一家船運公司工作
I'd like an aisle seat, please.	請給我靠走道的位子
I warned you not to come here.	我警告過你別來這裡
I'm slow to adapt to new situations.	我适应新环境很慢
Tom hopes you're happy.	湯姆希望你幸福
Is this the key you are looking for?	这是你找的钥匙吗
I'm terribly sorry.	我非常抱歉
Reading a book can be compared to a journey.	阅读一本书可以比作一次旅行
Whenever I hear that song, I remember my youth.	每次听到这首歌
It's a dead end.	这是个死胡同
Draw a circle.	画一个圈
She called out to us for help.	她向我们大声求助
Look closely.	仔細看
That song was written by Tom.	那首歌是
Do you want me to turn off the lights?	你要我关灯吗
The oranges in this bag are rotten.	這個袋子裡的柳橙都爛了
It is likely to rain tomorrow.	明天有可能會下雨
The school is on the hill.	学校在小丘上面
These glasses are cool.	這眼鏡真酷
He's the manager of the marketing department.	他是营销部的负责人
This apple is bad.	这个苹果是坏的
My father's in the garden.	我爸爸在花园里
Tom is a very good singer.	汤姆是个很好的歌手
Where did you study?	你在哪里学习
Tom came back.	湯姆回來了
I don't want to take the chance.	我不想冒這個險
Tom got drunk with his friends in the park.	汤姆和他的朋友们在公园喝醉了
We know what we're doing.	我們知道我們在做什麼
He began to look for a job.	他开始找工作了
Would you care for something to drink?	你想喝點什麼嗎
There is nothing worse than doing something in a half-hearted manner.	没有什么比做事缺乏热情更糟
You can ask him for help.	你可以向他求助
My house is close to the school.	我的家离学校很近
It was her little sister that broke her toy.	她的玩具是被她妹妹弄壞的
She also likes chocolate.	她也喜欢巧克力
I don't think that Tom is serious.	我不覺得湯姆是認真的
Please come to my office in the afternoon.	下午请到我办公室来
How come you didn't call me last night?	怎么你昨晚没有给我打电话
He could no longer stand the pain.	他再也無法忍受這種痛苦
He took a trip to Europe.	他去歐洲旅行了
He has written a letter.	他写了一封信
Don't be worried.	別擔心
Is it too salty?	还有多余的盐吗
Watch your step.	走路小心
We need assistance.	我們需要幫助
No one comes to visit me anymore.	已经没人来拜访我了
I had a feeling this might happen.	我早有一種感覺這可能會發生
Don't worry about the past.	不要担心过去
I bought them each a present.	我買給了他們每人一份禮物
Nobody would listen to me.	沒有人會聽我說
Please keep it under your hat.	请保密
Will it be much longer?	還要很久嗎
You are always late.	你總是遲到
"How old are you?" "Sixteen years old".	「	你幾歲
Where is the nearest police station?	最近的警察局在哪裡
A crowd gathered at the scene.	一群人聚集在现场
No way!	不可能
My father died four years ago.	我的父親四年前去世了
Let us know when you'll arrive.	讓我們知道你什麼時候會到
Please bring us two cups of coffee.	請給我們來兩杯咖啡
Don't miss this chance.	不要让机会溜走
Not everyone seems to agree with Tom.	似乎不是每个人都同意汤姆
I don't like going to school.	我不喜欢上学
I'm so fat.	我好胖哦
He left after he had lunch.	他吃过午餐就出去了
Tom sketched a picture of an elephant for Mary.	汤姆给玛丽画了大象的素描
Nature is full of mysteries.	自然充满了神秘
He'll be done soon.	他很快就好了
Tom hasn't talked to Mary in years.	汤姆多年没有和玛丽说话了
She is proficient in French.	她精通法语
I think Tom is getting ready.	我认为汤姆准备好了
I know that you're right.	我知道你是對的
The airplane made a safe landing.	這架飛機安全著陸了
Try this.	试试这个
I wonder what will happen.	我不知道會發生甚麼
She's my best friend.	她是我最好的朋友
I found the book interesting.	我觉得这本书很有意思
The Prime Minister's speech was calculated to anger the opposition parties.	總理的發言估計激怒了在野黨
Tom looked at the photograph.	汤姆看了看照片
Whose idea was it to call the police?	想报警的是谁
The teacher made him stay after school.	老師要他放學後留在學校
Tom works in a windowless office.	汤姆在没有窗户的办公室里工作
Tom said that he keeps a gun in his home.	湯姆說他的家裡有把槍
I hope Tom has learned his lesson.	我希望汤姆已经吸取教训了
Tom poured himself another glass of wine.	汤姆又给自己倒了一杯酒
She opened the letter quickly.	她很快地打開了信
Stand up.	起立
Tom's answer was very evasive.	汤姆的回答很含糊不清
Without your advice, I would've failed.	沒有你們的意見
Tom is a high school student.	湯姆是個高中生
How much is this hat?	这顶帽子多少钱
Tom is drinking juice.	Tom	正在喝果汁
He confessed that he was guilty.	他承认有罪
It's a waste of time.	这是浪费时间
There was a lot of snow last winter.	去年冬天下了好多雪
The cargo ship arrived four hours early.	货船早到了四小时
We ate breakfast at seven.	我们
Tom was a little drunk.	汤姆有点醉
I had no choice but to accept the offer.	除了接受报价
We can't know what the future has in store.	人不知道未來可能發生什麼事
We found the footprints in the sand.	我們發現了沙灘上的腳印
You look happy today.	你今天看上去很开心
He left the house without so much as saying goodbye.	他甚至没说再见就离开了家
It was very cold this morning.	今天早上很冷
Their father is a taxi driver.	他們的父親是一個計程車司機
I haven't finished my homework yet.	我還沒有完成我的作業
Why should I take the time to do that?	我凭什么花时间做这事
I hope that Mary passes the examination.	我希望瑪麗通過考試
Perhaps it will rain tomorrow.	也許明天會下雨
Tom isn't done yet.	湯姆還沒完成
Anything you say can be used against you in court.	你所说的一切都将成为呈堂证供
She was not a very good pianist.	她不是一個很好的鋼琴家
Am I overreacting?	我反应过度了吗
Tom criticized Mary in front of everyone.	汤姆在所有人面前批评了玛丽
I competed with him for the championship.	我和他競爭冠軍
I didn't mean to keep it secret.	我不是有意要保密的
Do you like black cats?	你喜歡黑色的貓嗎
Please shut the door.	請關門
I'm exhausted.	我很疲惫
This is a friend of mine.	這是我的朋友
Let me try.	让我来
Old dogs can learn new tricks.	老的犬可以学新的诡计
Please forgive me for being late.	請原諒我遲到
Having lived in Tokyo, I know the city well.	因为住过东京
What's with you?	你怎么了
Tom lost his car keys.	汤姆丢了车钥匙
I majored in chemistry in college.	我在大學主修化學
I am not certain about that.	对于那个
Please close the door behind you.	請隨手關門
Tom will do that.	湯姆會做
Tom is always daydreaming.	Tom	總是在做白日夢
Who will take care of the baby?	誰將照顧這個嬰兒
If you want to know, just ask.	如果您想知道
Please shut the door.	请关门
Where's my wife?	我的妻子在哪裡
My job is to wash the dishes.	我的工作是洗碗
I knocked on the door, but nobody answered.	我敲门
I didn't get your last name.	我沒有聽清楚你的姓
I waited an hour for my friend.	我等我的一个朋友等了一小时
It's not a suitable topic for discussion.	它不是一個適合討論的主題
That requires careful consideration.	這需要慎重考慮
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.	如果他說得一口流利的英文
Whose book is this?	這書是誰的
This is Greek to me.	我对此一窍不通
This rose is beautiful.	這玫瑰花很美麗
I want a few empty glasses.	我要一些空的玻璃杯
There was scarcely any money left.	几乎没剩下钱
Tom used to eat a lot of junk food.	汤姆以前经常吃很多垃圾食品
Everybody is fine.	每个人都好
Many friends saw him off.	許多朋友為他送行
I've lost my watch.	我把我的表丢了
I am thinking about that matter.	我在想那個問題
There's no doubt.	毫无疑问
Do you have a lot of money on you?	你身上有很多钱吗
My father always speaks in a very loud voice.	我父親總是說話很大聲
How long does it take from here to your house on foot?	从这里步行到你家要多长时间
Where are you heading?	你要去哪裡
I don't like you anymore.	我再也不喜欢你了
Do you have school on Saturdays?	你星期六要上學嗎
I created an archive of my emails.	我给自己的邮件做了一份档案
What a strong wind!	多麼強的風啊
I'll give you a call tomorrow.	明天我給你打電話
She left her gloves in the car.	她把她的手套留在車上了
Water freezes at 0 degrees Centigrade.	水在攝氏
Tom tried to stab me.	汤姆企图刺我
There are seven continents on the earth.	地球上有七大洲
My girlfriend is a good dancer.	我的女朋友跳舞跳得很棒
I wish that Tom would agree to do that.	我希望湯姆能同意
Your problems don't concern me.	你的问题和我没有关系
That's avoidable.	那是可避免的
Give Tom a chair.	給湯姆一把椅子
How about going to see a movie tonight?	今晚看电影怎么样
When do you eat turkey?	你什麼時候吃火雞
We have four French classes a week.	我們一週有四堂法語課
I'm not famous.	我不出名
Do you also like jazz?	您也喜欢爵士乐吗
She lives in a two-story house.	她住在一棟兩層樓的房子
I'd like to have another cup of coffee.	我想再要一杯咖啡
The fence will be painted by Tom tomorrow.	Tom	明天將漆柵欄
The soccer game is tomorrow.	明天有足球比賽
I wish he were here now.	我希望他現在在這裡
I wrote that.	我寫了那些東西
Only one person survived the accident.	只有一人倖免於難
You can't fire us.	你们不能解雇我们
I'll try not to disturb you while you're studying.	我会尽量不打扰你复习
I think that everyone should study a foreign language.	我認為大家都應該學另外一種語言
Anything you say may be held against you in a court of law.	你所说的一切都将成为呈堂证供
I always study hard.	我總是用功讀書
I think you look like Tom.	我看你长得像汤姆
Tom is studying to become a marine biologist.	汤姆正在为成为海洋生物学家学习
Write your address here.	在這裡寫下你的地址
Would you like another glass of wine?	你想再来杯酒吗
He admitted his mistakes.	他承认了自己的错误
Hey, where's Tom?	诶
For some reason the microphone didn't work earlier.	剛才我的麥克風沒起作用
I found the bed quite comfortable.	我覺得這張床相當地舒適
See you tomorrow at school.	明天在學校見
She looks unhappy.	她看起來不快樂
She is Tom's older sister.	她是
What's in the closet?	橱柜里有什么
I'm getting married to her in June.	我將在六月跟他結婚
Have you already called Tom?	你已经给汤姆打过电话了
Tom didn't agree to do it.	汤姆不同意做
Tom hung the calendar on the wall.	湯姆把日曆挂在墙上
Bread is made from flour.	面包是面粉做的
Tom gets up at six every morning.	湯姆每天早上六點起床
This is the window he broke.	他砸坏的是这扇窗
Their house is being remodeled.	他們的房子正在裝潢
You don't need to be there.	你不必去那裡
Iceland used to belong to Denmark.	冰島以前屬於丹麥
I was ten minutes late for school.	我上學遲到了十分鐘
How much is this pen?	這支筆多少錢
Our refrigerator isn't working.	我們的冰箱壞了
Why were you there?	你為什麼在那裡
Everybody plays the game of love.	大家都玩爱情游戏
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.	我在想你今天会不会来
She becomes drowsy after dinner.	晚飯後她變得昏昏欲睡
I'm fixing the washing machine.	我在修洗衣機
My parents sent me a postcard.	我父母給我寄了一張明信片
Is there anything in the box?	箱子裡有任何東西嗎
It is not necessary for you to quit the job.	你没必要辞掉工作
Having met him before, I recognized him at once.	因為以前見過他
My father got married in his twenties.	我父親在他二十多歲時結婚了
How did you know I was with Tom?	你怎么知道我和汤姆在一起
I worked as a piano tuner for many years.	我做钢琴调音师很多年了
I got over the difficulty with my characteristic tenacity.	我凭韧性克服了困难
What are you lingering for? Hurry up and go.	你磨蹭什么呀
How long does it take to get from here to your house on foot?	从这里步行到你家要多长时间
We have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.	我们养了两只狗
He postponed leaving for Hokkaido until next month.	他延遲到下個月去北海道
What are you going to do?	你要做什么
Tom brings us gifts whenever he visits.	汤姆每次来看我们的时候都给我们带礼物
I am happy to see you here.	我很高興在這裡看到你
I found it difficult to read the book.	我发现读这本书很难
Tom jumped up from his chair.	湯姆從椅子上跳了起來
You look like a monkey.	你看着像猴
The girl who works at the bakery is cute.	在面包房工作的姑娘很可爱
Is there any chance that he'll resign?	他有可能辭職嗎
We never gave up.	我們從不放棄
This is the tallest tower in Japan.	這是日本最高的塔
The Jacksons are visiting us tomorrow afternoon.	杰克森一家明天下午就要来看望我们
I need to exercise more often.	我需要更经常地锻炼
You deserve the prize.	你應該得到這個獎金
My office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building.	我的办公室在那幢灰色的六层楼的四楼
There are many earthquakes in Japan.	日本有许多地震
Everyone knew that Tom could speak French well.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
He left an hour ago.	他一小时前走了
They all love me.	他们都爱我
I love her so much that I can't leave her.	我如此地愛她所以我無法離開她
I saw a strange woman there.	我看见一位陌生女人在那儿
I'm looking for books on Roman history.	我在找关于古罗马历史的书
I need some good advice.	我需要一些好的忠告
There are a lot of fish in this lake.	这湖里有许多鱼
When is breakfast?	早餐是從幾點到幾點
The moon is already out.	月亮已經出來了
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	她给他写了一封长信
Buy milk on your way home.	回来的路上买点牛奶
He just got home.	他刚回到家
These three pretty girls are all nieces of mine.	这三个漂亮的女孩都是我的侄女
I won't make that mistake again.	我不會再犯那錯了
I was the second to last person to hear the bad news.	我是倒数第二个得知这个坏消息的
They have been married for ten years.	他們已經結婚十年了
I can't do it.	我無法做到這一點
I won't talk to him anymore.	我不會再跟他說話了
A crowd of people gathered to see the parade.	一大群人聚在一起看巡游
I didn't call on him because I had a cold.	我没有拜访他
Be sure to pick up some milk.	務必要買一些牛奶
I'm now rich enough to afford to get anything I want.	我现在富得能买我想要的任何东西
He is my old friend.	他是我的老朋友
Stop bothering me.	不要烦我
Tom has calmed down.	汤姆冷静下来了
Don't be afraid of making mistakes.	不要怕犯错
Try not to get lost.	尽量别迷路
The fish he caught yesterday is still alive.	他昨天抓住的鱼一直还活着
Everybody knows her.	每個人都認識她
Feel this. It's really soft.	来摸摸这个感觉一下
We're not late.	我们没迟到
Mercury is the smallest planet in our solar system.	水星是我們的太陽系中最小的行星
Do you know what Tom will say?	你知道湯姆會說甚麼嗎
Is that a common name?	那个名字很普通吗
There's been an accident.	曾經有一個意外
You never told me you could speak French.	你從沒告訴過我你會說法語
Is that not enough?	不够吗
As long as good people do nothing, evil will triumph.	只要好人袖手旁观
He is a bit like his father.	他有点像他的父亲
These are our kids.	这是我们的孩子
The old man got in her way.	這個老人擋了她的路
He has just left home.	他刚离开家
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.	山坡上有一间小屋
This is the house I lived in when I was young.	这是我年轻时候住的房子
Do you believe there are ghosts?	你相信鬼存在吗
She's still dependent on her parents.	她现在依然依靠父母生活
Who is your English teacher?	你的英語老師是誰
Someone called.	有人打電話來
Can you give me an example?	你可以给我举个例子吗
Do not read while walking.	不要边走边看书
Take mine.	拿我的
I'll show you how to catch fish.	我会向你展示怎样捕鱼
Parking is prohibited here.	此处禁止停车
I've forgotten his name.	我已经忘了他的名字
What time is it in Boston now?	波士顿现在几点
I don't think that I like this game very much.	我觉得我不太喜欢这游戏
I'm fed up with English.	我厌倦了英语
How far are you going?	你要走多遠
Tom gave Mary a ride to Boston.	汤姆载玛丽去波士顿
Quite a few Americans like sushi.	不少的美國人喜歡壽司
The equator divides the earth into two hemispheres.	赤道把地球分为两个半球
He ignored his father's advice.	他不顧他父親的忠告
It looks like an apple.	看起来像个苹果
Do you want to learn French?	您想学法语吗
Hardly anyone thinks that we are sisters.	几乎没有人认为我们是姐妹
Do I know you?	我认识你吗
Keep it.	留着吧
I left the door open.	我讓門開著
He is a person who never cuts corners.	他是个绝对不会偷工减料的人
I hate the taste of ginger.	我讨厌姜味
Can your brother drive a car?	你弟弟會開車嗎
Do you want anything to eat?	你想吃點東西嗎
It's because of you that we were late.	因为你我们才迟了
The market is big.	市場很大
I'm really looking forward to it.	我很期待哦
My father often goes to America on business.	我爸爸经常去美国出差
That happens every day.	那样的事天天都有
May I pay by check?	我可以用支票付吗
I must return home within a week.	我得要在一週內回家
Few Japanese can use English well.	極少數的日本人可以很好地使用英語
Will you drive me home?	你會開車送我回家嗎
That was fabulous.	那真是极好的
Tom covered his face with his hands.	汤姆用他的手捂住了他的脸
The problem is being discussed now.	这问题正在被讨论
The archer killed the deer.	射手打死了鹿
Tom fell off his bicycle.	汤姆从他的自行车上掉了下来
This is kind of interesting.	這有點意思
There are so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.	我有太多話想和你說
I want you to go.	我要你去
Make yourself at home.	就当在家一样
The car isn't worth repairing.	這車不值得修了
He was very good at playing tennis.	他网球打得很好
Do you want to wait?	你愿意等吗
Tom doesn't like this color.	汤姆不喜欢这种颜色
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.	搖籃裡學的帶到墳墓
We have many rainy days in June.	六月下了很多天的雨
I like red wine better than white.	我喜歡紅葡萄酒勝過白葡萄酒
His daughter has become a pretty woman.	他的女兒已經成為了一個漂亮的女人
There was nothing that the doctors could do.	醫生甚麼也做不了
Is there anything else you can tell me?	你還能告訴我甚麼
How do you make a box?	箱子怎么做
We know the identity of Tom's killer.	我們知道了湯姆的殺手身份
What he says is total nonsense.	他说的话不合情理
It's a good start.	这是一个好的开端
He announced that he would come at once and investigate the matter.	他宣布他將立刻來調查此事
Are you still at the office?	你還在辦公室裡嗎
I forgot to ask him.	我忘了問他
She tried to kill herself.	她企图自杀
In case of fire, call 119.	遇到火灾打
The fire broke out after the staff went home.	在全体职员回家后
He is angry with you.	他在生你的氣
Who is that?	那是谁
You're always late.	你总是迟到
Do you guys know each other?	你们认识吗
It's bad manners to point at people.	用手指点别人不礼貌
We can hear the ocean from here.	我們從這裡可以聽到海的聲音
She hit the ball hard.	她用力地拍了球
I agree to your proposal.	我同意你的建議
Did you push the button?	你按了按鈕嗎
Did you find what you were looking for?	你找到你要找的东西了吗
Do it as soon as possible.	尽早做
Out of sight, out of mind.	眼不见
Do you have a lot of time to relax?	你有很多休閒時間嗎
Don't you think it's strange that he's not here?	他不在这儿你不觉得这很奇怪吗
Tom salted his egg.	湯姆在蛋上撒鹽
I'm crazy about you.	我為你瘋狂
They're arguing again, you know.	你知道吗
This is the place where the battle of Hastings took place.	这里曾是黑斯廷斯战役的战场
I need you.	我需要你
I can't let you in here.	我不能让你进来这里
"Trust me," he said.	“	相信我
Stop grumbling.	停止发牢骚吧
I admire your courage.	我佩服你的勇氣
This ticket is valid for three days.	這張票的有效期是三天
Is there anyone in the room?	房间里有人吗
Tom doesn't trust the police.	湯姆並不信任警察
She put her CDs in a row on the shelf.	她把她的
There used to be a store right here.	这里以前有个商店
I clapped.	我拍手
I don't agree with you on this point.	这一点我不赞成你
We should stop seeing each other.	我们应该停止见面
He was too drunk to drive home.	他喝酒醉無法開車回家
May comes after April.	四月之后是五月
I wish that we could spend more time together.	我希望我们有更多时间呆在一起
Do you know what compound words are?	你知道什么是复合词吗
He was in prison on a charge of robbery.	他以偷竊罪入獄
Tom wants to talk.	汤姆想说话
I'm currently a teacher at this school.	我现在在这所学校任教
I found what I was looking for.	我找到了我正在找的東西
There are a lot of new buildings here now.	这里现在有了许多新建筑
This house is haunted.	這間房子鬧鬼
As you sow, so shall you reap.	种瓜得瓜
Between you and me, I don't like our new team captain.	我就只告诉你
Does that count?	那算数吗
Tom stayed at this hotel for three weeks.	汤姆在这宾馆待了三周
I feel a lot better today.	我今天感觉好多了
Do you know what happened?	你知道发生了什么事情吗
How would you like your steak?	您的牛排要几分熟
Please let us know.	請讓我們知道
I'm looking for a native speaker who could help me correct this essay.	我正在尋找可以幫我修改這篇論文的母語人士
Tom clapped his hands together.	湯姆拍了手
His brother is a famous soccer player.	他弟弟是个有名的足球选手
Tom apologized again.	汤姆再次致歉
My plane leaves at six o'clock.	我搭的飛機在六點鐘起飛
You must pay attention to him.	你必须注意他
I thought that we had agreed on this.	我認為我們己經同意了
This is really difficult to deal with.	這件事真難處理
Can you save Tom?	你能救汤姆吗
This place has a mysterious atmosphere.	这个地方有一种神秘的气氛
The building is one hundred meters high.	該建築高一百公尺
The movie theater was filled with people.	這家電影院擠滿了人
He did not accept my apologies.	他不接受我的道歉
I noticed a note on my desk, but I don't know who wrote it.	我發現了我辦公桌上有張字條
"What do you think of the election for mayor?" "I don't know."	“	你对市长选举怎么看
Tom stayed home.	湯姆留在家裡
Many people work in industrial towns.	许多人在工业城市工作
I'm thirty.	我三十歲
He has no choice but to resign.	他沒有選擇
May I use this?	我可以用嗎
He hurried to the station so he wouldn't miss the train.	为了不错过火车
Are you going to come back?	你要回來嗎
He left in the blink of an eye.	他一转眼就跑了
I dislike big cities.	我不喜歡大城市
Does anyone want some more pie?	有人想要更多的餡餅嗎
You should apologize.	你應該道歉
It's almost three o'clock.	將近三點了
She's worried about your safety.	她担心你的安全
It is two miles from here to the park.	從這裡到公園距離兩英里
He's not always at home on Sundays.	他星期日並不總是在家
I think it's dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it's stormy.	我認為在有風暴的時候裡登山很危險
Christmas is soon.	聖誕節快到了
Tom didn't give an explanation.	汤姆没做解释
Imports exceeded exports last year.	去年的進口商品額超過了出口商品額
What prevented you from coming earlier?	什麼阻止你早點來了
I am going to play tennis.	我要去打網球
Someone locked me in the room.	有人把我鎖在這房間裡
Am I supposed to help Tom?	我该帮汤姆吗
I'm sure Tom came here yesterday.	我很肯定湯姆昨天來過這裡
I don't want you.	我不要你
I want to clean the house before my parents come.	我想在我父母来之前收拾干净屋子
Don't be cruel to animals.	不要虐待动物
How long does it take to walk to your house from here?	从这里步行到你家要多长时间
Tom should have handled the situation differently.	汤姆应该用别的方式处理这状况
Let me see.	让我想一想
What is the matter with your car?	你的車子怎麼了
So where's the problem?	所以
She married again in her mid-forties.	她在四十多歲的時候再次結婚
This medicine will decrease your pain.	这种药会减轻你的疼痛
I'm an office worker.	我是个职员
I want to eat out tonight.	我今晚想出去吃
This must be changed.	这必须改
How's your daughter?	你女儿怎么了
Call me.	联系我
I think Tom is good.	我觉得
I had never seen a windmill until I visited the Netherlands.	在我去荷兰之前
Who's dying?	誰要死了
Mother Nature is generous.	大自然很慷慨
I need an assistant who speaks French.	我需要一個會說法語的助理
You need a haircut.	你该去理发店了
She has been absent from school for five days.	她已经五天不上学了
Please come.	请来吧
We're going to have a test today.	我們今天將有一個考試
How do you feel now?	你现在感觉如何
She hit him.	她打了他
Everybody did that.	每个人都做了那件事
We got up after midnight.	我们在午夜之后起床
I'm not as optimistic as you.	我不像你那么乐观
I'm not good at cooking.	我不擅长做饭
He has a large farm in Colorado.	他在科羅拉多州有一個大農場
Marriage frightens some people.	有些人害怕婚姻
Where did you get the idea?	你哪儿来的主意
They now have three children.	现在他们有三个孩子
I didn't like beer at that time.	那时候我不喜欢啤酒
I hate myself sometimes.	偶尔我会讨厌我自己
Ogai is his favorite author.	Ogai	是他最喜欢的作者
He relies on his wife financially.	他经济上依靠他的太太
Have a look.	请看一看
You need not do it at once.	你没必要马上去做
Mary is helping her mother.	瑪麗正在幫忙她的母親
He has to take two science classes.	他必須上兩堂理化課
Tom doesn't want to work after he's sixty.	汤姆
We climbed the mountain last year.	我們去年爬上了這座山
You can rely on him.	你可以依靠他
The situation is worse than I thought.	情況比我想的還壞
Tom left for school at 7:30.	湯姆
I'd like a receipt, please.	麻煩我要一張收據
I was supposed to go to school.	我该去上学
The youngest daughter is exceptionally beautiful.	么女長得特別漂亮
I have no more time to talk with you.	我没时间再跟你说话了
You'll soon get used to Japanese food.	你很快就会习惯吃日本料理了
The kidnappers showed no sign of giving up.	這些綁匪沒有放棄的跡象
At what time does your class end?	您几点下课
I'd very much like to go.	我非常想离开
Who's the author of this story?	这本小说的作者是谁
France is running a welfare state it can no longer afford.	法國是一個福利國家
It's not necessary for us to attend this lecture.	我們沒有必要出席這個講座
Tom asked me if I liked chocolate.	汤姆问我是否喜欢巧克力
Let's wait until it stops raining.	我们等雨停吧
That's enough money to cover the expenses.	那些錢足夠支付費用
Water is important for people.	水對人是很重要的
She was holding an umbrella.	她握着一把伞
He looks a bit tired, doesn't he?	他看起來有點累
I was at home then.	那个时候
This river is dangerous to swim in.	在这条河里游泳很危险
It's OK.	没关系
It's all Tom's fault.	全是湯姆的錯
I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter.	我期待听到你在这件事上的想法
He played tennis.	他打了网球
I was thinking the same thing.	我也是這麼想的
A lot of people came today.	今天來了很多人
You don't seem to be as afraid as Tom seems to be.	你似乎并不像汤姆看起来那样害怕
I had a pleasant dream last night.	我昨晚作了一個好夢
I can't say for sure.	我不太確定
Truth will always prevail.	真理必胜
All our teachers were young and loved teaching.	我們所有的老師都很年輕並且喜愛教學
I hate my neighbor.	我讨厌我的邻居
The bridge is being repainted.	這座橋正被重新油漆
I usually stay indoors on Sunday.	星期天我通常待在家裡
How beautiful!	多美啊
I'm reading.	我在读书
We're behind schedule.	我们落后于原定计划
I wrote a letter to my mother.	我寫了一封信給我的母親
That music is worth listening to many times.	这音乐值得听许多次
Everything is normal.	一切正常
I almost didn't visit Australia.	我差点没去澳大利亚
You'd better eat something.	你最好吃点东西
Tom fell asleep at the wheel.	湯姆趴在方向盤上睡著了
Bring me a bucket of water.	給我一桶水
I've had a scratchy throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.	早上起来
I know what's in the box.	我知道盒子裡有什麼
That's how it is.	就是这样的
She stopped to smoke a cigarette.	她停下来抽了根烟
We both won.	我們都贏了
This is surprising.	這是令人吃驚的
You can't have your cake and eat it too.	既要马好
My purse was stolen.	我的錢包被搶了
We worked on a farm last summer.	我們去年夏天在一個農場上工作
This is a secret just between you and me, so don't let it slip out.	这只是你和我之间的秘密
Write to me as soon as you get there.	你一到就寫信給我
I think Tom's cheating.	我觉得汤姆有外遇
Please take off your hat.	请您摘下您的帽子
Did you play tennis yesterday?	你昨天打网球了吗
She is lacking in common sense.	她缺乏常识
The plane made a perfect landing.	這架飛機完美的著陸了
My older sister plays the guitar well.	我姐姐吉他弹得很好
Where is my umbrella?	我的傘在哪
She has a son and two daughters.	她有一个儿子和两个女儿
Tom never wanted to try it.	湯姆從不想試試
I have no idea what I'm going to wear.	我不知道穿甚麼好
I'm looking for some regular work.	我在找一些固定工作
I like to play tennis.	我喜欢打网球
A foreign language can't be mastered in a year or so.	一個外國語言無法在一年左右就被掌握
I want you guys to do me a favor.	我想要大家伙帮我个忙
He got 90% in English.	他英文得到了九十分
I want to sing a song.	我想唱個歌
This is the stupidest thing I've ever seen in my entire life.	這是我人生中見過最白癡的事
He really wants to meet you.	他真的想見你
I'd like to talk with you privately.	我想跟你私下说话
I'm going to go sit down.	我要坐下
I drank a cup of water.	我喝了一杯水
Is this the right bus for Boston?	這輛是去波士頓正確的巴士嗎
There wasn't any furniture in that room.	那個房間裡沒有任何傢俱
We'll be busy.	我們會很忙
She doesn't have as much patience as you do.	她没像你那样有耐心
Do all of you speak French?	你們都講法語嗎
Do you think that he is equal to the task?	你认为他能够胜任这个任务吗
The nurse is not here.	护士不在这里
What do you do after school?	你放学以后干什么
I used to swim in this river.	我以前在這條河裡游泳
John's two years older than me.	John	比我大两岁
I can't trust you.	我沒辦法相信你
Tom gave me a pen.	湯姆給了我一枝筆
I don't think this is correct.	我觉得这不是真的
We found it very hard going back to our base camp in the blizzard.	暴风雪使得我们难以返回营地
I recognized your voice right away.	我立刻認出了你的聲音
I'll be there rain or shine.	風雨無阻我都會在那裡
Open the door, please.	请开门
It seems that you aren't having a good time here.	好像你们在这儿玩得不愉快啊
Could you come up here?	你能来这里吗
I know what he did.	我知道他做了
You'll bounce back.	你会东山再起的
Tom said Mary thought John might be permitted to do that next weekend.	汤姆说玛丽觉得约翰下周末可能被允许那么做
I want to go to Africa someday.	有一天我要去非洲
My sister became a college student.	我妹妹成為了一個大學生
We don't want any freeloaders around here.	我們不希望有人在這裡吃霸王餐
We'll go on a picnic if it's fine tomorrow.	如果明天天气好
The rain is letting up.	雨变小了
I stayed home all day instead of going to work.	我没有去工作
That river is long.	那條河流很長
We bought a comfortable new armchair.	我們買了張舒適的扶手椅
Turn left at the first light.	在第一個紅綠燈左轉
I know him by sight, but not by name.	我知道他的样子
Our music teacher advised me to visit Vienna.	我們的音樂老師建議我去維也納看看
My neighbor renovated her house completely.	我的鄰居把她的屋子翻新了一遍
It is not a watch.	這不是手錶
Do you like to read?	你喜欢阅读吗
That would be relevant.	那会有关系
We can do nothing.	我们什么都做不了
We failed due to a lack of preparation.	我們因缺乏準備而失敗了
Be kind.	友好点
You should talk directly to Tom.	你应该直接跟汤姆说
I had a nightmare.	我做噩梦了
I'm really tired.	我累死了
Tom is thrilled.	汤姆兴奋不已
The young man is a doctor.	这个年轻人是医生
They know how to make an atomic bomb.	他们知道如何制造原子弹
I've offended you.	我冒犯到你了
What happened to your computer?	你的電腦怎麼了
Deal with them.	解决他们
Open fire!	开火
What newspaper do you subscribe to?	你訂閱了什麼報紙
The news confirmed my suspicions.	这一消息证实了我的怀疑
It's high time you left for school, isn't it?	你该上学去了
I don't feel like studying English today.	我今天不想学习英语
Kiss me.	吻我
Don't laugh at him for making a mistake.	不要笑他犯了错误
It seems as if I'm the only person here capable of doing it.	看来我是这里唯一有能力做这件事的人
Are you a college student?	你是大学生吗
Your shirt is unbuttoned.	你的襯衫沒繫上扣子
I prefer to remain seated.	我更想繼續坐著
What a pity!	多遗憾啊
I want you to read this book.	我想让你读这本书
He was seen to go upstairs.	有人看見他上樓
Can you wake me up at 7:00 tomorrow?	你明天早上七點可不可以叫我起床
Christmas is drawing near.	聖誕節快到了
He wiped the sweat off his face.	他擦去了脸上的汗水
You've been had.	你们被骗了
Tom has just finished eating dinner.	Tom	刚吃完晚饭
Tom is still not finished.	湯姆還沒完成
There is an apple on the table.	桌上有个苹果
It started raining as soon as we got home.	我們才一到家就下起雨來了
Do you have a TV?	你有电视吗
All I want is my freedom.	我只要自由
You will exist but you will never know what it is to live.	你活着
We'll buy a new car next week.	我们下周会买辆新车
Could you help me?	你能幫我嗎
You should bring your passport to the bank.	你应该带护照去银行
Please replace the empty ink cartridge in the printer.	请把打印机里面的空的墨粉鼓换掉
You're sick!	你有病
The gang was planning a robbery.	這夥人計劃搶劫
He isn't at home.	他不在家
Do you have anything to declare?	你有任何要申報的東西嗎
We're confident of victory.	我們有信心獲勝
There are many hungry people in the world.	世界上许多人很饥饿
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.	我母亲买了两瓶橙汁
He explained his plans in detail.	他詳細地解釋了他的計劃
She always takes care of her children.	她毫無間斷地照顧自己的孩子
Can you give me a ride to the office on Wednesday?	周三你可以载我到办公室吗
It may snow in the afternoon.	下午可能會下雪
Goodbye!	再见
I'm no quitter.	我不輕易放棄
He gave me a nice Christmas present.	他给了我一个很棒的圣诞礼物
The policeman grabbed the robber's arm.	警察抓著小偷的胳膊
Tom knew when Mary would be arriving.	汤姆知道玛丽什么时候来
He thanked me for coming.	他感謝我的到來
I wasn't busy last week.	我上周不忙
My house has a small yard.	我的房子有一個小院子
Making a good start is half the battle.	有好的開始
I don't have any friends to help me.	我没朋友帮我
They adopted the orphan.	他们收养了那个孤儿
I just finished breakfast.	我剛吃完了早飯
Don't talk in the classroom.	別在教室裡說話
They demanded the king be put to death at once.	他们要求马上把国王处死
Tom planted three apple trees in his yard.	汤姆在他的院子里种了三棵苹果树
Take the oranges out of the fridge.	把橙子从冰箱里拿出来
My dream is to become a pilot.	我的梦想是成为一名飞行员
Tom is a strange person.	湯姆是個怪人
I gave her her dictionary back.	我把她的字典还给了她
What Tom really wanted was enough money to buy Mary some flowers.	汤姆真正想要的是有足够的钱给玛丽买一些花
You're not allowed in this room.	你不能進這個房間
Tom doesn't eat pork.	湯姆不吃猪肉
I wish I could buy that guitar.	但願我可以買那把吉他
Would you like some wine?	你要酒吗
Two for the lunch buffet, please.	兩人份自助午餐
Tom finally quit smoking.	汤姆终于戒烟了
It's been a long war.	这是场长久的战争
Is that all you have to do?	这些都是你不得不做的吗
I woke up with a headache this morning.	今天早晨被头给疼醒了
I don't get it.	我不懂
It's time to hit the sack.	睡觉时间到了
Tom ate only one sandwich.	Tom	吃了唯一一个三明治
I'd like the sauce on the side.	我想要醬料放在旁邊
Don't yell at me.	別對著我吼
He passed his property on to his son.	他把他的财产传给了他儿子
Tell me you didn't do this.	告诉我你没有这么做
It's my duty to help you.	帮助你是我的责任
I had a chance to travel abroad.	我有個到國外旅遊的機會
Tom waved.	汤姆挥手了
Tom told me he doesn't like carbonated drinks.	汤姆告诉我他不喜欢碳酸饮料
It tastes really good.	它的滋味真的很好
I have been to the barber's.	我去了理发店
Are you meeting someone here?	你在这里是要见谁吧
They are having a party tomorrow.	明天他們將舉行派對
We'll be in Boston for another three weeks.	我們還會在波士頓待三個月
Are you my father?	你是我爸吗
I don't want to go to school.	我不想去学校
My grandson is still a baby.	我的孫子還是個嬰兒
I've been coming to work one train earlier lately.	我已經搭了最近比較早一點的火車來上班
Tom threw in the towel.	汤姆不干了
I'm a new student.	我是个新生
Try and do better next time.	嘗試在下一次做得更好
English is studied in Japan.	在日本的人學習英語
I know Tom is in his room changing clothes.	我知道汤姆在他房间里换衣服
We'd like another bottle of wine.	我們想再來一瓶葡萄酒
What did you want us to do?	你要我们做什么
I'll bring wine.	我会带酒来
Who is that?	这是谁啊
You really are hopeless.	你真的是一點希望也沒有
How was your exam?	考得如何
Well done!	做得好
What were the meetings like?	会议怎么样
Would you please tell me a little about Tom?	你能告诉我一点关于汤姆的事吗
I want to drink something cold.	我想喝冷飲
Our refrigerator is out of order.	我們的冰箱壞了
Tell me how you solved the problem.	告訴我你如何解決了這個問題
Did you give the key to Tom?	你把钥匙给汤姆了吗
Can I do anything for you?	我能為你做點甚麼嗎
The girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom.	女孩在教室的角落啜泣
It's not my size.	这不是我的尺码
She took a bite of the apple.	她咬了一口蘋果
Mary dressed up as a witch.	玛丽打扮成一个女巫
The stream flows into the pond.	溪水流進這個池塘裡
I have not seen him for a long time.	我很久没见过他了
I'm proud of the work I've done here.	我為我在這裡完成的工作自豪
The leaves will turn red in two or three weeks.	再过两三周
It's pitch black.	天色漆黑
The cancer has spread to her stomach.	癌細胞已經擴散到她的胃
We were robbed.	我們被偷了
Tom felt hungry.	汤姆觉得饿了
My sister washes her hair every morning.	我妹妹每天早上洗頭髮
Do you think Tom is retired already?	你認為湯姆退休了嗎
They didn't like you.	他们不喜欢你
I am busy cooking at the moment.	我此刻正忙著做飯
He will call for me about six.	他六点左右要给我打电话
I play football.	我踢足球
We are good friends.	我們是好朋友
You had better read a lot of books while you are young.	你最好在年轻的时候多读点书
It is already past five o'clock.	已經過了五點鐘
It takes me ten minutes to walk to school.	我走路
Everything's changing.	一切都在变
How long will this rain go on?	雨会下多久
Many friends came to see me off.	許多朋友來為我送行
Can you give me a discount?	你能不能给我打折
Does Tom need to stay home today?	湯姆今天需要留在家裡嗎
I like to do my homework.	我喜歡做我的作業
I'm your deputy.	我是你的代理人
Please keep me informed.	請通知我
My shoulder hurts.	我肩膀痛
Let's call it a day.	今天就到此為止吧
It's my job.	這是我份內的事
There's still no end in sight.	還是看不見盡頭
Let's meet at one o'clock.	讓我們一點鐘見面吧
How long have you lived in Japan?	你在日本住多久了
We think Tom will be back soon.	我們認為湯姆會很快回來
It was very far.	它很遠
Do you have a pencil?	你有鉛筆嗎
I always have coffee and toast for breakfast.	我的早餐總是咖啡和土司
Tom was hit by a truck and died instantly.	湯姆被卡車撞到而且當場死亡
That's not entirely wrong.	那不全是錯的
Let's walk.	我们走走吧
Tom found a new way to announce his news.	汤姆发现了一种宣布他新闻的新方法
You may go anywhere you like.	你喜欢去哪儿就可以去哪儿
Tom should be worried.	Tom	應該要擔心
You don't have to stay in the hospital.	你不必要呆在医院
I'm unmarried.	我单身
I talked with her for an hour.	我跟她談了一個小時
Tom helped Mary buy everything she needed.	湯姆幫瑪麗買了她所有需要買的東西
Would you do me a favor?	你能幫我一個忙嗎
My neighbor's dog is dead.	我鄰居的狗死了
He knows how to drive a car.	他會開車
Were you playing tennis yesterday morning?	你昨天早上在打网球吗
Can you show me on the map?	可以在地图上展示给我看吗
This is not a tiger.	这不是老虎
I couldn't get him to stop smoking.	我無法讓他停止吸煙
He was elected mayor again.	他再次被选为市长
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.	他好心地把我送到医院
Be friendly.	友好点
This store has a variety of spices.	這家商店有各種香料
Hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in Africa.	海明威喜歡在非洲的大狩獵
How many apples do you want me to buy?	你想让我买多少个苹果
I'm willing to share.	我乐意分享
I appreciate your concern.	我感謝你的關心
I watch TV all day.	我一天到晚看电视
He sent me some American magazines.	他送給我一些美國雜誌
Six people applied for the job, but none of them were employed.	六个人投了这份工作
What exactly happened to you?	你到底怎么回事嘛
Why do you think that I'm thinking about you?	你为什么会认为我在想你
My camera doesn't need to be fixed.	我的照相機不需要修理
Have you finished reading that book?	你读完那本书了吗
He thought that it was like a bird cage.	他认为这像个鸟笼
I know what Tom is doing.	我知道汤姆在做什么
I will be free tomorrow afternoon.	我明天下午有空
Tom puts a lot of sugar and cream in his coffee.	汤姆往咖啡里放很多糖和奶油
I want Tom to let Mary finish.	我希望汤姆让玛丽完成
I will follow you wherever you go.	無論你去哪裡我都會跟著你
I heard a car pull up.	我听到一辆车停了下来
Do you want me to make coffee?	你要我煮咖啡嗎
If it's raining tomorrow, we'll go there by car.	如果明天下雨
Where are your things?	您的東西在哪裡
I had a slight headache, so I went to bed early.	因為我有點頭疼
I arrived at the station on time.	我準時到達了車站
I was frightened by the sight.	我被这情景吓到了
We must avoid war at all cost.	我们应该不惜代价避免战争
Today is Thursday.	今天是礼拜四
She is proficient in French.	她精通法語
Let's try it out.	我们试试
What have I ever done to Tom?	我对汤姆做了什么
I'd like to find a way to improve my memory.	我想找一种提升记忆力的方法
My best friend dances really well.	我最好的朋友舞跳得很好
My uncle never writes letters.	我的叔叔從來不寫信
Why did you not tell me the truth?	为什么你不告诉我真相
She believes that he is innocent.	她相信他是無辜的
I'm afraid that I differ with you on this point.	恐怕就这点上
A boy is walking across the street.	一个男孩正沿着街走
We started at six.	我們六點開始
I'm not so sure Tom is wrong.	我不太確定湯姆錯了
I should tell Tom what I have to do.	我應該告訴湯姆我該做甚麼
It's up to you to decide.	由你來決定
A dog can run faster than a man can.	狗跑得比人快
Tom says he left a note.	汤姆说他留了张便条
She is afraid of her own shadow.	她害怕自己的影子
Have you ever dreamed about me?	你梦见过我吗
This bridge was built two years ago.	這座橋是在兩年前建造的
The teacher asked me which book I liked.	老師問我我喜歡哪本書
It was just a matter of time.	这只是时间上的问题
I read lips.	我读唇语
I've had enough.	我已經吃飽了
Are you able to swim?	你會游泳嗎
It's been a long time since we last saw each other.	真是好久不见啊
Tom didn't know exactly what it was that Mary wanted him to do.	汤姆不知道玛丽到底让他做什么
All the guests were touched by her hospitality.	所有的客人都被她的好客感动了
I think that I'm intelligent.	我觉得我很聪明
You cannot achieve anything without effort.	没有什么是不劳而获的
We met at the church.	我们在教堂里遇到
What did you open it with?	你用什么打开的
When did you start working here?	从什么时候开始您就这里工作着的呢
Don't let the dog out.	别把狗放出去
I'll show you to the station.	我會告訴你去車站的路
The grass looks nice.	草地看来不错
Tom has traveled around the world.	汤姆环游了世界
He said nothing, which made her angry.	他什么也没说
There is a beautiful park near my home.	我家附近有个漂亮的公园
I'm not lazy.	我不懒
Do as I say.	按我說的做
I'm telling you this confidentially.	这个我只和你说哦
That's peculiar.	奇怪
Do you have it?	你们有吗
She has to take a remedial course in English.	她需要上英语补习班
Please take a look at this.	请看看这里
I don't like his affected manner of speaking.	我不喜歡他做作的說話方式
People who drink alcoholic beverages are not allowed to enter.	飲酒者不准禁入
Please keep me updated.	請通知我
Do you want something to eat?	你想吃點東西嗎
Tom isn't a very nice guy.	湯姆不是個多好的人
Don't listen to her.	別聽她的
I'm not going to say this twice.	我不会再说了
Seriously?	认真的
I don't know whether Tom will eat with us or not.	我不知道
I bought it for about twelve dollars.	我用
Excuse me, I'm lost.	不好意思
Tom can swim as fast as you.	湯姆游泳可以游得跟你一樣快
I thought Tom and Mary had gone mad.	我本以为汤姆和玛丽疯了呢
Nobody's going to shed any tears if that old building gets torn down.	没有人会为这个旧建筑物的拆除而落泪
I kept on singing.	我繼續唱歌
He blamed me for the accident.	他為這個意外指責我
She whispered something to him.	她對他小聲說了些什麼
Let me know the result as soon as you can.	尽早让我知道结果
If that man makes one more mistake, I'll fire him.	如果那个男人再犯一个错误
What are you doing?	搞什么啊
You're sloshed.	你們醉了
It wasn't very hot last night.	昨晚不是很熱
What're you laughing at?	你在笑什么呢
I sometimes dream of my mother.	有時我夢見我的母親
Tom doesn't like Boston.	汤姆不喜欢波士顿
In case I can't come, I'll give you a call beforehand.	万一来不了
We had a lot of visitors yesterday.	我們昨天有許多訪客
Tom and I have known each other for a long time.	湯姆和我相識很久了
I'm not about to ask him.	我不想要問他
If I had known that you were here, I would have come at once.	如果我早知道你在这儿的话
It rarely snows here in the winter.	這裡的冬天很少下雪
My father's hobby is fishing.	我父親的嗜好是釣魚
Tom held up one finger.	Tom	抬起一隻指頭
Tom learned French.	汤姆学习了法语
A crowd soon gathered around him.	很快人群就在他周围聚集了起来
Are you happy now?	你现在高兴吗
You'll soon get accustomed to this cold weather.	你很快就會習慣這種冷天氣
I've decided to become an engineer.	我决定当个工程师
Did you see him go out?	你看到他出去了嗎
I hit him in the belly.	我打了他的肚子
Tom is reading an essay.	湯姆在讀一篇短文
Tom's Japanese is improving little by little.	湯姆的日語一點一點地漸漸進步中
Could you call me back a bit later?	你可以稍後回電給我嗎
Dad gave me a book, and my little brother gave me a pen.	爸爸給了我一本書
Why do you guys always fight?	你们为什么老打架
Let's continue the game after supper.	讓我們在晚飯后繼續這個遊戲
I told Tom I thought it was a good idea.	我和汤姆说了
I had chicken pox when I was a kid.	我小时候发水痘
But that's not the real problem.	可那不是真正的问题所在
We just need water.	我们需要的只有水
Spring is over, and summer has begun.	春天過去了
He didn't listen to music.	他没有听音乐
He didn't go and I didn't either.	他沒有去
Would you lend me some money?	你可以借我一些錢嗎
It is not necessary for us to attend the meeting.	我們沒有必要參加會議
They didn't obey their parents.	他們沒有遵從他們的父母
May we swim here?	我们能在这里游泳吗
I don't need anything.	我不需要任何東西
Tom is sure to succeed.	汤姆一定能成功
He did not put up his hand.	他没有举起他的手
When the lights went out, Tom lit a candle.	灯灭了
You'd better go to bed at once.	你最好立马去睡觉
Let's try to get along.	让我们试着好好相处
He is married to an American lady.	他和一个美国女人结婚了
Our new home has an elevator.	我們的新家有一臺電梯
The only thing I have now are memories.	我现在仅有的东西就是我的记忆了
Grandma likes watching TV.	祖母非常喜欢看电视
Has he come yet?	他已经来了吗
I speak French, too.	我也说法语
The old man lived by himself.	老人独自生活
Don't come in my room.	别进我的房间
The enemy launched an attack on us.	敌人对我们发起了攻击
Can we stop fighting?	我们能不打了吗
Tom doesn't like carrots.	汤姆不喜欢胡萝卜
I'm pretty tall.	我相当高
What did you want to tell me?	你想跟我说什么
It had to be Tom that did that.	一定是汤姆做的
I study at school.	我在学校读书
My father went fishing.	我父親去釣魚了
If he were a little younger, he would be eligible for the post.	如果他年轻一点
There is a fork missing.	少一把叉子
He always quarrels with his wife.	他總是與他的妻子吵架
I'm sure that she will come back soon.	我肯定她很快就会回来的
She turned a page of her book.	她翻了一页书
Tom came a little earlier today than he usually does.	汤姆今天来得比往常要早一些
Will you take a personal check?	你收私人支票嗎
Tom stopped walking.	汤姆停下脚步
Is it true Tom can't read or write?	汤姆真的不会读也不会写吗
Winter is just around the corner.	冬季快來了
Scotland can be very warm in September.	蘇格蘭在
Tom wants to learn to sing in French.	汤姆想学唱法语歌
Can you ride a horse?	您会骑马吗
I didn't believe them.	我不相信他们
I saw Tom almost every day last week.	我上周幾乎天天見到湯姆
We have to put off the game till next Sunday.	我们不得不把游戏搁到下周日了
Please sing a song.	請唱一首歌
I lost my umbrella.	我丢了我的伞
I'm Tom's dad.	我是汤姆的父亲
I want to play the guitar.	我想彈吉他
I won!	我赢了
I can't go, nor do I want to.	我去不了
There are many mysteries in life.	人生中有許多不可解的事物
He has been ill in bed for four days.	他已卧病在床四天了
I never want to leave Boston.	我從不想離開波士頓
What happened to Tom could happen to you.	湯姆身上發生的事也可能發生到你身上
He is making preparations for a trip.	他正在籌備一次旅行
Don't look into my room.	不要往我房间里看
Where do you want to go tomorrow?	你明天想去那里
What do you think of that?	你認為如何
His room's a mess.	他的房间一片狼藉
Not knowing what to do, I asked the teacher for advice.	因为不知道做什么
There is no knowing what he will do next.	没有人知道他接下来会干什么
Shut the door, please.	请关门
They made us work all day.	他們讓我們工作了一整天
Tom likes to listen to music while he's doing his homework.	Tom	很喜欢一边听歌一边做作业
He comes here twice a week.	他一周来这儿两次
He must be about forty.	他应该
He's afraid of that dog.	他怕那只狗
Tom made a sandwich.	汤姆做了个三明治
She hated him.	她恨他
She had a little money.	她有一点钱
This town is quite different from what it was ten years ago.	這鎮子跟十年前的它差別很大
Someone yelled for help.	有人呼救
You may take either the big box or the small one.	你可以拿大的盒子或是小的盒子
Suit yourself.	你隨意
Tom is looking for a job.	Tom	正在找工作
How long has it been since you saw your girlfriend?	你跟你的女朋友见面以来有多久了
I shouldn't've done it.	我本不应该做的
We had a welcome party for her.	我們為她舉辦了一個歡迎會
As I missed the train, I had to wait for the next one for about an hour.	由于错过了火车
Tom went back to his bedroom.	汤姆回到了他的卧室
I called Tom up.	我打電話給湯姆了
What will we be doing this time next week?	我们在下周的这个时候要做些什么呢
He read a book written in English.	他讀了一本用英文寫的書
She is quiet.	她很安静
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light.	沿着这条路直走
My father graduated from Harvard University.	我爸爸是哈佛大学毕业的
I don't want to read this book.	我不想读这本书
I guess that you heard about what happened this morning.	我想你听说今天早上发生什么了
My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves.	我父親總是說天助自助者
I was very careful.	我非常小心了
Please forgive me.	请您原谅
He hates air travel.	他讨厌坐飞机旅行
The stripes were horizontal.	條紋是水平的
I can't remember the meaning of the word that I looked up yesterday.	我记不起昨天查的那个词的意思了
What did you do with that money?	你怎么花的那些钱
I didn't hear it.	我没听见
I thought Tom had heard us.	我觉得汤姆听说过我们
I found you, didn't I?	我找到你了
My child is sick.	我的孩子病了
Give me an orange.	給我一個橙子
What's the biggest difference?	最不一样的的是什么
What's your favorite song?	你最喜欢的歌是什么
Flies and mosquitoes interfered with his meditation.	蒼蠅和蚊子干擾了他的冥想
Fill the bucket with water.	把水裝滿桶子
I can't conceive of living without him.	我無法想像生命中沒有他
Run and hide in the mountains.	跑到山里躲起来
She has hundreds of books.	她有幾百本書
We took a walk along the river.	我們沿著河散步
Leave the room as it is.	保留原狀地離開房間
Does he know that you love him?	他知道你愛他嗎
This sentence doesn't make sense.	这句话没意思
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be.	玛丽不是真病
I want to see a movie.	我要去看電影
The show was very interesting. You should have seen it.	演出真的很有意思
Tom broke three dishes.	湯姆打碎了三個盤子
You are always complaining.	你總是在抱怨
Stay here with Tom.	留在这和汤姆在一起
I get off at the next station.	我下一站下车
I'm busy cooking at the moment.	我此刻正忙著做飯
She used to live hand to mouth.	她过去的生活仅够糊口
We're all at risk.	我们都处于危险之中
Please open the door.	請把門打開
She asked about my school.	她問了關於我學校的事
I will wait here until he comes back.	我会在这里等着到他回来的
Somebody's in here.	这里有人
It would be crazy to do that again.	再做一次就真是发疯了
Why did you get up so early?	你為什麼這麼早起
I'm sure that you'll succeed.	我肯定你会成功
Two teas and a coffee, please.	请来两杯茶和一杯咖啡
I'm too busy to help him.	我太忙了
We go out together every weekend.	我們每個週末都一起出去
He can't buy a car.	他不能买车
She sang a Japanese song for us.	她為我們唱了一首日文歌
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.	任何情绪
If he knew her phone number, he could call her.	如果他知道她的电话
I don't like drinking.	我不喜欢喝酒
Chocolate has more iron than spinach.	巧克力含有比菠菜更多的鐵質
Unbelievable!	难以置信
We are to be married next Sunday.	我们将于下周日结婚
He will not be back tomorrow.	他明天不回来
Whose bike is this?	这辆自行车是谁的
In the Edo period, moon-viewing parties were very popular.	在江戶時代賞月的宴會非常受歡迎
I bet ten dollars on that horse.	我在那匹馬下十美元的賭注
I've been very busy lately.	我最近忙得很
We'll deal with it tomorrow.	我们明天处理它
Nobody had ever heard of it.	以前從來沒有人聽說過
He paused to look at the poster.	他停下脚步看起海报
I have a dog and a cat.	我有一隻狗和一隻貓
What would you like to be in the future?	你以后想当什么呢
If I were you, I'd want to know what Tom is doing right now.	如果我是你
You're lucky to have such a good job.	你很幸運能有這麼好的工作
He is American.	他是美国人
Tom has three older sisters.	汤姆有三个姐姐
Don't just whine, do something!	别只顾着哭
Tom hid himself under the table.	Tom	躲在桌子底下
Will you listen to me for a few minutes?	您愿意听我说几分钟话吗
I wish you a Merry Christmas.	祝你圣诞节快乐
I found the new magazine very interesting.	我發現這本新雜誌非常有趣
I thought that Tom would win.	我以为汤姆会赢
I grew up in the country.	我在鄉下長大
By the way, have you seen him lately?	顺便说一句
If he had taken his doctor's advice, he might still be alive.	如果他听了他医生的建议
He can't be ill.	他不可能生病了
His son wants to be a lawyer.	他儿子想当律师
Tom certainly is an eloquent speaker.	汤姆的确是个很会讲话的人
Quit gambling.	戒掉赌博吧
Tom has been sick in bed for three weeks.	汤姆已经因病卧床三周了
Fantastic!	很棒
My father became old.	我爸爸變老了
Do you have something to say?	您有什么事要说吗
I don't know what Tom got.	我不知道湯姆拿到了甚麼
Ten minutes later, our car ran out of gas.	我们的车再过十分钟就没油了
Did you go to the art exhibition?	你去看藝術展覽了嗎
Let's begin.	讓我們開始吧
Tom is crying outside right now.	湯姆現在正在外面哭
It won't take long to finish the job.	完成这个工作不会花太长时间
It is this window that he broke.	他砸坏的是这扇窗
Please don't ask.	請不要問
Everybody lies.	每个人都会说谎
That's a pretty big assumption.	那是个很大的设想
It was lucky for you that you found it.	你很幸運找到了它
Tom was drunk.	汤姆醉了
My problem is I don't trust you.	我的问题是我不信任你
I've been here many times before.	我以前來過很多次了
Justice will prevail in the end.	正义终将胜利
That's the reason he became angry.	那就是他生气的理由
You're the one with all the money.	你是有所有錢的人
I trust you.	我信任你
You swim better than I do.	你游泳游得比我好
He is no fool.	他没疯
The boy enjoyed painting a picture.	這個男孩喜歡繪畫
Make another appointment at the front desk.	在服務台另外預約
He's always smiling.	他总是在笑
He acted like a lunatic.	他表现的像个疯子
I don't love you anymore.	我不再爱你了
I did it myself.	我自己做的
Do you eat meat?	您吃不吃肉
We had a heavy frost this morning.	今天早上天氣嚴寒
My sister has made remarkable progress in English.	我妹妹的英语有了明显的进步
What did you do at that moment?	當時你在做什麼
He never saw his father again.	他再也没见过他爸
Do you want me to help?	要我帮忙吗
He will have to go to the station.	他该去火车站了
He stressed the convenient aspects of city life.	他强调都市生活的便利方面
I think my right arm is broken.	我想我的右手臂斷了
Something's wrong with my camera.	我的相機壞了
You have many books.	你有许多书
Do you drink green tea?	你喝绿茶吗
What do you think of it?	你对这件事有什么看法
I'm not a doctor.	我不是醫生
There are fifty members in this club.	这个俱乐部里有
Where do you watch television?	您在哪儿看电视
He was found lying unconscious on the kitchen floor.	他被人发现倒在厨房的地板上
Remember to buy mayonnaise.	记得买蛋黄酱
The meeting will take place next Sunday.	会议将在下周日召开
She grew roses.	她種了玫瑰
After reading his books I feel I can construct a house.	讀完他的書後
I thought that Tom and Mary were crazy.	我本以为汤姆和玛丽疯了呢
I don't have a computer.	我沒有電腦
Do you have a mobile phone?	你有手機嗎
Have some more.	你該多吃點
Tom is taller than you.	汤姆比你高
Graham Greene is my favorite author.	格雷厄姆格林是我最喜歡的作家
The company abandoned that project.	公司放弃了那个项目
I once lived in Rome.	我曾在罗马生活过
How many Chinese characters can you write?	你會寫多少漢字
Have you eaten lunch?	你吃過午飯了嗎
I'm still angry.	我还是很气
Make it smaller.	把它弄小一點
May I ask you to call me back later?	你等一会然后再给我打电话
The pain is unbearable.	疼痛令人难以忍受
Shakespeare is too hard to read.	莎士比亞的作品太難讀了
Do you know which road leads to my house?	你知道哪一條路到我家嗎
I was feeling sad and lonely.	我感到凄清与孤独
Sir, that CD is available only by special order.	先生
She set out on a trip last week.	她上週去旅行了
Meet me at the lobby of the Imperial Hotel at 6:30 p.m.	下午六点半到帝国酒店的大堂找我
My mother took me to the park.	媽媽帶我去公園
I've always been proud of you.	我一直为您骄傲
She's a quiet person.	她是個安靜的人
My bicycle has a flat tire.	我的腳踏車輪胎沒氣了
Do as you please.	你可以隨心所欲
I'm afraid you misunderstood me.	恐怕你误解我了
Nobody forced you to help me.	沒有人強迫你幫我
Money can't buy happiness.	钱买不到幸福
The same thing is happening here in Boston.	同樣的事在這
I want something to drink.	我想喝點什麼
Sitting down all day is bad for you.	整天坐著對你不好
A gentleman wouldn't do such a thing.	一个绅士是不会做这种事的
I like your shoes.	我喜欢你的鞋子
How lucky you are!	您运气多好啊
It'll cost at least five dollars.	它至少要花五美元
She married her classmate.	她跟她的同學結婚了
I've been robbed.	我被抢劫了
I have two children away at university.	我有两个出去上大学的孩子
Tom was a little overweight when he was a child.	湯姆在小时候有點超重
What you said left a deep impression on me.	你说的话给我留下了很深刻的印象
I am dead tired.	困死了
Tom is my brother.	Tom	是我哥哥
I saw a lot of buses.	我看見了很多大巴車
His wife is one of my friends.	他的妻子是我的一個朋友
All I want to do is go fishing.	我唯一想做的是去釣魚
Tom might want you to help him.	汤姆可能想让你帮他
Don't step on the broken glass.	不要踩在碎玻璃上
He flew a kite with his son.	他和他的儿子放风筝了
I didn't know Tom was going to be arrested.	我不知道汤姆要被逮捕了
I saw him running.	我看見了他跑步
This doghouse was built by Tom.	这狗屋是汤姆建的
Can I eat this?	我可以吃这个吗
He deposited the prize money in the bank.	他把奖金存到银行了
He doesn't like fish.	他不喜歡吃魚
I hope you don't die.	我希望你别死
She put on her hat.	她戴上了她的帽子
Some people questioned his honesty.	有些人質疑他的誠實
I see a flower on the desk.	我看见书桌上有朵花
Tom and Mary have three cats and two dogs.	Tom	和
As he spoke, pictures came into my mind.	他说的时候
You must stop smoking.	你必须停止吸烟
There are five patients in the waiting room.	等候室里有五位患者
They left.	他们离开了
The cost of living has gone up.	生活費升高了
You are too sensitive to criticism.	你對批評太敏感了
What is on the desk?	桌子上有什么
She is not afraid of anything.	她不害怕任何東西
If he is innocent, it follows that his wife is guilty.	如果他是清白的
I play the guitar after dinner.	我晚飯後彈吉他
She was absorbed in the video.	她迷上了视频
Who are those guys?	那些家伙是谁
Teachers must understand children.	教師必須了解孩子
I have no secrets from you.	我對你毫無隱瞞
The wall is thirty yards long.	這堵牆長三十碼
She studied abroad in order to brush up her English.	她在國外學習以便提升她的英語
We were unable to make contact with them until it was too late.	我们联系上他们已经为时已晚
It's very cold.	天气非常寒冷
Tom turned around and started to run.	湯姆轉身開始跑
Tom wasn't wearing glasses.	汤姆没戴眼镜
Here is my baggage.	这是我的行李
Someone has been here.	有人來過這裡
I attended the meeting yesterday.	昨天我出席了會議
Please bill us separately.	請讓我們分開付錢
Everyone I know uses Google.	我认识的每个人都用谷歌
Tom is in the other room drinking vodka.	Tom	在別的房間喝伏特加
According to the Bible, God made the world in six days.	根据圣经记载
Tom clenched the shovel.	汤姆握紧了铲子
You might not like this beer at first. It's an acquired taste.	剛開始的時候你可能不會喜歡這個啤酒
I asked him to mend my shoes.	我請他修理我的鞋子
I have three dogs. One is male and the other two are female.	我有三只狗
Where is the book?	那本书在哪儿
I couldn't remember ever having met her.	我不记得曾经见过她
Thank you for the wonderful dinner.	為這美好的晚餐謝謝你
I have wine.	我有酒
The patient is steadily recovering.	该病人正逐步康复
He is facing many difficulties.	他面臨著許多困難
The sky turned dark.	天暗了下来
What does it cost?	多少錢
Would you lend me your pencil?	你可以借我你的鉛筆嗎
Why are you burning these pictures?	为什么你要烧这些图片呢
Tom isn't smiling.	汤姆没在笑
He suddenly became very happy.	他突然變得非常開心
I am going to Hawaii next year.	我明年要去夏威夷
What kind of shampoo do you use?	你用哪種洗髮水
I threw a stone at the bird.	我扔了块石头打向鸟儿
I'm freezing.	我冻死了
Tom looked at his reflection in the mirror.	汤姆看他在镜中的映像
She said she had a cold.	她說她感冒了
Can't you move your stuff to the other room?	你不能把你的东西搬去另一个房间吗
Three cubed is twenty-seven.	三的立方是二十七
Do what you think is right.	做你認為正確的事
I don't want to go there. He doesn't want to go either.	我不想去那儿
Are we allowed to take pictures here?	这里允许拍照吗
Who are we?	我們是誰
That's right, isn't it?	这是对的
Tom has three cats.	Tom	有三隻貓
He's very good at playing baseball.	他垒球打得很好
Where can I take a bath?	我能在哪裡洗澡
I got my friends to help me.	我請我的朋友來幫助我
Tom is obese, isn't he?	汤姆很胖
Where are the showers?	浴室在哪里
I couldn't find it anywhere.	我在任何地方都没能找到
She looked after the children.	她照顧孩子們
It is raining.	下雨了
Tom came to the conclusion that no matter what he did, Mary wouldn't like it.	汤姆得出无论他做什么
How far away is the airport?	到机场有多远
He read a book all morning.	他花了一上午的時間看書
He took a taxi to the station.	他打了个车去车站
What's your favorite radio station?	你最喜歡的電台是什麼
Tom never did that when he was younger.	汤姆年轻时从不那么干
The more books you read, the more you'll know.	你看的书越多
The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved.	詩人對他愛的女人表達了他火熱的激情
My uncle made me serve as interpreter.	我舅舅讓我擔任翻譯
I have to wake Tom up.	我得叫醒汤姆
Do you know anything about complex carbohydrates?	你对复合碳水化合物有什么了解吗
My grandfather can't hear very well.	我爺爺的聽力不太好
Health is above wealth.	健康比财富重要
Her socks are gray.	她的襪子是灰色的
You can see many animals in this forest.	你可以在这片森林里看到很多动物
You should know that's impossible.	你应该知道这是不可能的
I was just going to write a letter.	我正要去写一封信
We discussed a wide range of topics.	我们谈论了各种各样的话题
Will you pick me up at seven tomorrow morning?	你明早
We have no classes on Wednesday afternoons.	我们周三下午没课
We don't do it very often.	我们不常做
I've already been punished.	我己經被懲罰了
Something may have happened to him.	他可能發生了什麼事情
We play football every Saturday.	我們每個星期六踢足球
There's nothing better than taking a nice walk.	没有什么比散步更好的了
Tom couldn't read very well until he was thirteen years old.	湯姆十三歲以前讀得不好
I've got to shave before leaving.	離開前我必須刮鬍子
We tried to come to a compromise with them.	我們試著和他們妥協
Ten to one it'll clear up in an hour or so.	天氣八成在一個小時之內就會放晴
It's your move.	該你走了
This is very expensive.	這是非常昂貴的
The company's going to go bankrupt really soon.	公司很快就要倒闭了
He wouldn't listen to my advice.	他不肯聽我的勸告
He has great confidence in himself.	他对自己很有自信
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想落榜
These scissors don't cut well.	这把剪刀不好用
So, what happened this time?	那么
I was asked to wait here.	我被要求在这里等
I don't know who to choose.	我不知道该选谁
There is a long wait between trains.	在火车的间隔中有漫长的等待
She has a bit of a bad temper.	她脾气有点坏
Is it cheaper to call after 9:00?	九點以後打電話比較便宜嗎
Tom said he didn't want to waste time arguing.	汤姆说他不想把时间浪费在争论上
I'm a colleague of Tom's.	我是汤姆的一位同事
He has a son and two daughters.	他有一個兒子和兩個女兒
I like jazz.	我喜歡爵士樂
Could I see you in private?	我能私下見你嗎
Even expert drivers can make mistakes.	再怎麼經驗老到的司機都會出錯
Nobody understands me.	没人理解我
She might come.	她也許會來
I was a high school student at that time.	我当时是高中生
He's my younger brother.	他是我弟弟
Tom is likely to win tomorrow.	汤姆明天可能要赢了
Please make three copies of each page.	请把每一页复印三份
Can you think of something better?	你能想到更好的東西嗎
I am interested in sports.	我对运动感兴趣
Tom seems to be an honest man.	汤姆似乎是个诚实的人
The accident took place at that corner.	事故發生在轉角
Just take it slowly.	慢慢来
I felt as if I were in a dream.	我感觉就像做梦一样
Could I borrow your gray suit?	我可以借你的灰色西装吗
She didn't think so.	她沒這麼想
We both cried.	我们都哭了
It's very hot today, isn't it?	今天非常熱
His modesty is worth respecting.	他的謙遜值得尊敬
He dropped in at the bookstore.	他順道去了這家書店
I think that's not true.	我認為那不是真的
Tom didn't tell me her name.	湯姆沒有告訴我她的名字
I felt so sleepy that I could hardly keep my eyes open.	我感觉困得几乎不能睁开我的眼睛了
It's dangerous to fool around with electricity.	隨便亂弄電是危險的
Come down here!	你给我下来
Tom should be here any minute.	湯姆應該隨時就會到這裡
We were talking about something at that time, but I don't remember what.	我们那时在谈论事情
I got your letter yesterday.	我昨天收到了你的信
Tom has no plans to go anywhere.	湯姆沒有去哪裡的打算
Though wounded, they continued to fight.	尽管受了伤
The novel ends with the heroine's death.	小说以女主角的死告终
Thanks for agreeing to come.	谢谢你答应到来
Maybe I'll be able to help you.	我可能能幫你
It's not dinnertime yet.	现在还不是晚饭时间
I almost never watch TV nowadays.	现在我几乎不看电视
I'd like to make a reservation.	我要預約
Let's take the 4:10 train.	我们去坐四点十分的火车吧
He turned the key.	他转动钥匙
Let me explain it to Tom.	我去跟湯姆解釋
What have you done with my pen? It was here a minute ago.	你把我的鋼筆怎麼了
I worked three years as Tom's assistant.	我给汤姆当了三年助手
Where is the United Airlines check-in counter?	聯合航空公司辦理登機手續的櫃檯在哪裡
It doesn't matter.	没关系
Remember to buy mayo.	记得买蛋黄酱
I want to drive.	我想開車
Did you receive my letter?	你收到了我的信了嗎
You've arrived very early.	你來得很早
She doesn't like to sing sad songs.	她不喜欢唱悲伤的歌
The horse stopped and refused to go on.	馬停了下來
Do you miss me?	你想我了
Stop making a fool of yourself.	停止愚弄你自己
The policeman took the thief by the arm.	警察抓著小偷的胳膊
Philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months.	哲学不是我们用六个月就能学的东西
I ran away in a hurry.	我趕快跑走了
My house is old and ugly.	我的房子又舊又難看
When I got home, I was very hungry.	我回到家的时候
I want to be a computer programmer.	我想做一个程序员
She was arrested by the police.	她被警方逮捕了
Nowadays many people travel by car.	現在很多人開車去旅行
Could you shut the door?	你能把門關上嗎
I am a bit drunk.	我有點醉了
Tom put a lot of honey on his toast.	汤姆往他的吐司上放了许多蜂蜜
Somebody stole my wallet.	我的錢包被搶了
The bodyguard was wearing an earpiece.	保镖戴着耳机
The boy is playing with his toy soldiers.	男孩在玩玩具兵
He said that it would probably rain.	他說很可能會下雨
It's clear that you're wrong.	很明顯地你錯了
We'll have to do that, too.	我们也不得不做
I met my friends yesterday.	昨天我和朋友們見了面
He's staying at his aunt's.	他呆在他阿姨家
How did you do on your exam?	考得如何
I know her address.	我知道她的地址
We lost the game.	我们比赛输了
I've got a terrible headache.	我頭痛得厲害
Pass me the salt, will you?	請把鹽遞給我
Be at the station at 11 o'clock sharp.	十一点准时到车站
Tom quit smoking cold turkey.	汤姆突然戒烟了
This is the best pizza I've ever eaten.	這是我吃過的最好的比薩
You know that's your duty.	你知道那是你的责任
He joined the Army during the war.	他在戰時參軍
Your cat scratched me.	你的猫抓伤我了
He has a lot of hobbies.	他有很多兴趣爱好
We found the boy fast asleep.	我們發現這個男孩睡得很沉
I think it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.	我觉得汤姆不太可能会当选
Who will take care of the dog while we are away?	當我們離開的時候
I asked the boy to throw the ball back.	我請這個男孩把球扔回來
You'd better not go today.	你今天最好不要去
Where does he want to go?	他想去哪裡
Better late than never.	亡羊补牢
I spoke to Tom last night.	昨晚我和汤姆说话了
They're all the same size.	他們都是一樣的大小
I saw him run away.	我看見他逃跑了
It's pitch black outside.	外面一片漆黑
Are you studying English?	你在研讀英語嗎
I usually got to bed about eleven.	我通常約十一點鐘上床睡覺
I've finished cleaning my room.	我已經打掃完我的房間了
I fell asleep while I was watching TV.	我看电视时睡着了
I ordered a pizza on the phone.	我打电话订了个披萨
I'm all ears.	我洗耳恭聽
Tom yawned.	汤姆打哈欠了
They were rescued by helicopter.	他们被直升机解救
It may freeze next week.	下周可能会结冰
Singing is her strong point.	唱歌是她的强项
My home is your home.	我家就是你家
She assigned him to the job.	她指派他做這個工作
He has gone to Hokkaido.	他去北海道了
Where will we go afterwards?	我们以后往哪走
All of the cookies are in the shape of stars.	所有餅乾都是星星的形狀
I was mistaken for a salesman.	我被誤認為是推銷員
The bank was held up a week ago.	這家銀行一週前被搶劫
Tom abstained from voting.	汤姆投票弃权
He caught a boy stealing his watch.	他抓到了一個男孩正在偷他的錶
Mom, can I go swimming?	媽
He showed me his photograph album.	他給我看了他的影集
It's time to get some work done.	到了做點事的時候了
Tom is awfully sick.	湯姆非常虚弱
I cannot afford to buy a car.	我買不起一輛車
I didn't really feel like going out.	我不是很想出去
This summer I went on vacation in Scotland.	这个夏天
Wow! It's been a long time.	哇
Tom drinks beer every day.	汤姆每天喝啤酒
Don't let children play in the road.	别让孩子们在马路中间嬉戏
Do you have anything to say?	你有任何話要說嗎
Have you done all your homework?	你做了所有的功課嗎
Please let me go.	請允許我去
The potato was so hot that it burned my mouth.	土豆太热
Can you tell wheat from barley?	你能辨别小麦和大麦吗
Her son was killed in the accident.	她儿子在车祸中丧生
I feel very sorry for your sister.	我對你姐姐感到非常抱歉
I have no particular reason to do so.	我没有特别的理由去做
My zipper got stuck.	我的拉链卡住了
You'd better not go out.	你最好不要出門
He came here ten minutes ago.	他十分鐘前到這裡
He is a man of few words, but he always keeps his promise.	他这个人话不多
Is it yours?	这是你的吗
How did you make a living in Tokyo?	你在东京如何维持生计
This book of his isn't interesting at all.	他的这本书一点意思也没有
I'm just another man.	我只是个大众脸
I don't plan to stay for very long.	我沒有打算停留太久
I used to play alone when I was a child.	我小时候常常独自玩耍
Turn right at the next corner.	在下一個轉角右轉
We're almost like brothers.	我們幾乎像兄弟一樣
Tom spent most of the morning straightening up his office.	汤姆花了大半早晨整理办公室
I think you're jealous.	我觉得你妒忌了
Why don't you have a party?	你為什麼不舉行派對
That's weird, isn't it?	那真奇怪
Give this book to whoever wants it.	把這本書給想要的人
She bit him.	她咬了他
The cat is sleeping on the sofa.	貓正在沙發上睡覺
He appeared on TV last night.	他昨晚上电视了
They are bitter enemies.	他們是仇敵
He remained single all his life.	他一生獨身
My boss made me work overtime.	我的老闆要我加班
Every dog has his day.	凡人皆有得意时
Tom seems to know how.	湯姆看來知道那是怎樣
They answered their teacher's question with difficulty.	他们好不容易才回答了他们老师的问题
He died yesterday.	他昨天去世了
Someone stole my passport.	我的护照被人偷了
There is a kite flying above the tree.	有一只风筝在树上
Tom didn't give me back my money.	湯姆沒有把錢還給我
I used to go out with friends every weekend.	我曾经每周末都和朋友外出
Is it hard to speak English?	說英語很難嗎
Were I to die, who would look after my children?	要是我死了
For me, this is not a problem.	对我来说这就不是个问题
Tom didn't tell me much about it.	汤姆没跟我说太多关于它的事
No one is calling you a thief.	沒人叫你小偷
War must be avoided at all costs.	戰爭必須不惜一切代價地去避免
I think that Tom really likes Mary.	我認為湯姆真心喜歡瑪麗
You should read a lot of books while you're young.	當你年輕的時候
He likes taking a walk by himself.	他喜欢独自散步
Your hair is beautiful.	你的头发很漂亮
He's a high school student.	他是一名高中學生
I'll drive you to the airport.	我会开车送你们去机场
How much money will it cost to get that book translated?	翻译那本书要多少钱
I'm taking care of my grandfather.	我照顧我的爺爺
His grandmother looks healthy.	他祖母看起來很健康
The concert is about to start.	音樂會即將開始
Stop reading.	别再念了
That can't be it.	不可能的
He asked her to call him later.	他要求她稍後打電話給他
We have your size, but not in that color.	我们有你的尺寸
Did you check this?	你检查这个了吗
A swarm of hornets attacked the children.	一窩黃蜂襲擊了孩子們
You thought I didn't need to do that, didn't you?	你还以为我不需要那么做
I'll leave when she comes back.	當她回來的時後
You're stupid.	你二了
Hang up your coat, please.	請把你的外套掛起來
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.	我穿著睡衣吃早飯
Tom doesn't like being treated like a child.	汤姆不喜欢被当作小孩
I don't think anyone can do this.	我认为没人能做到
We live on the third floor.	我们住在三楼
We couldn't do that.	我们做不到
I'll lend you this dictionary.	我會借給你這本字典
How can I get there?	我怎麼到那裡去
I think it's possible Tom may come.	我觉得汤姆有可能会来
We often hear you sing.	我们经常听到你唱歌
Three months later, Tom was dead.	三個月后
Tom was my first boyfriend.	汤姆是我第一个男朋友
Would you mind my opening the door?	你介意我開門嗎
It was Tom that saved the girl.	是湯姆救了這個小女孩
I'm never late for school.	我從來沒有上學遲到
I'd like to go to the mall.	我想去商场
Always be true to yourself.	永遠要對自己誠實
You're turning red.	你脸红了
Don't put the cart before the horse.	不要把本末倒置
He has an eye for antiques.	他对古董很有鉴赏力
He should thank you.	他應該感謝您
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.	坚持做对的事情
We must finish everything before Tuesday morning.	我们必须在周二早上之前完成所有事情
I don't want to eat.	我不想吃
I'm buying a new car.	我在买一辆新车
Maybe Tom was sleepwalking.	Tom	也许在梦游
People are more educated now than they used to be.	现在的人教育程度比以前高得多
I am thinking of going abroad next year.	我在考虑明年去国外
We have a party tomorrow evening.	明天晚上我們有一個派對
A beautiful woman was seated one row in front of me.	一個美麗的女人坐在我前面一排
We're still a little confused.	我們還是有點疑惑
That could be too late.	那可能太晚了
Divide the pizza in three.	把披薩分成三份
Tom begged his father to buy him a new bicycle.	湯姆求他父親給他買新自行車
Stick a stamp on the envelope.	把郵票貼在信封上
I'm nearly finished.	我差不多完成了
The couple is walking hand in hand.	這對夫妻手牽手走路
These pants fit me well.	这些裤子我穿起来很合身
She always gets her own way.	她總是隨心所欲
She came home very late.	她很晚回家
I'm glad to see you back.	很高兴再见到你
Generally, Japanese people are shy.	一般而言
He went bankrupt.	他破产了
I finished reading the book last night.	我昨晚看完了這本書
Look at what's happening outside.	看外面正在发生什么
Are there reserved seats on the train?	火車上有預訂的座位嗎
Is Tom with you?	汤姆和你在一起吗
He makes the most of his opportunities.	他充分利用他的機會
The less you know, the better, OK?	你知道的越少越好
Express your idea clearly.	把你的想法表達清楚
Tom put down his paintbrush.	湯姆放下了畫筆
She plays the piano very well.	她鋼琴彈得很好
What a pity you can't dance!	可惜你不會跳舞
Tom realized that he had lost his wallet.	湯姆意識到他丢了錢包
English is not difficult to learn.	英語並不難學
She gave me some good advice.	她給了我一些很好的建議
My watch is five minutes slow.	我的錶慢了五分鐘
I have to go home a little early today.	我今天要早点回家
Tom told me I shouldn't ever do that.	湯姆說我絶不該做
Tom wants to see you.	汤姆想见你
When do you practice the piano?	你什麼時候練習彈鋼琴
Why do you need this money?	你為什麼需要這筆錢
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.	因為我這份工作的緣故
I like shopping with Tom.	我喜歡跟湯姆購物
Why are you showing me this?	你给我看这个干嘛
My father has been dead for ten years.	我爸爸去世有
Be careful. It's very sharp.	小心點
Tom would accept.	湯姆會接受
I'm suffering from a bad cold.	我患上了重感冒
You should speak with Tom.	你應該和
Humor me.	你就随了我的意吧
Where are you going to eat lunch?	你要去哪裡吃午飯
Nagoya lies between Tokyo and Osaka.	名古屋在東京和大阪之間
All my homework is done.	我做完了所有的回家作業
Are you on Facebook?	你在脸书上吗
I guess it was our bad luck.	我猜这是我们的运气坏
I need a friend.	我需要个朋友
That's what I want.	那就是我想要的
Her father died when she was three.	她父亲在她三岁时死了
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?	如果我们知道我们在做什么
I got it free.	我是免費得到的
He is acquainted with the mayor.	他认识市长
My father's hobby is growing roses.	我父親的嗜好是種玫瑰花
It took a long time to take in what she was saying.	花了很久才能听懂她在说什么
The weather forecast says it will be fine tomorrow.	根據氣象預報
If I had one million yen now, I would buy a car.	如果我现在有
They sell sporting goods.	他们卖体育产品
The room smelled of tobacco.	房里闻起来有股烟味
Leaves begin to fall in October.	樹葉在十月開始掉落下來
Something must be done!	必須採取一些行動了
I'll treat you.	我請你
I've enjoyed reading this novel.	我喜歡讀這本小說
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.	我期待您的消息
Tom isn't as innocent as he seems.	汤姆不像他看上去的那样无辜
There's always someone talking.	總是會有人談論
I can hear you.	我听得到
Tom came to my office this morning.	汤姆今早来了我的办公室
Doesn't that change things?	那能改变甚麼嗎
How's it going?	你們好嗎
I hope people are satisfied.	我希望人们满意
It came to nothing.	这没有结果
It's not something I'm very good at.	这不是我所擅长的事
A wise leader knows when to listen to others.	聪明的领袖知道什么时候听取他人意见
Is he afraid of death?	他怕死吗
I'll scold him.	我會責備他
The children washed their feet.	孩子们洗了他们的脚
He was killed in the war.	他死於战争
I'm getting more and more gray hair.	我的白髮越來越多
That's quite meaningless.	这毫无意义
Tom likes science fiction.	汤姆喜欢科幻
A change of air will do you a lot of good.	改變環境將對你有很多好處
He does nothing but complain from morning till night.	他从早到晚只是在抱怨
I'm relaxed.	我很放松
I want to buy a few pairs of sunglasses.	我想買幾副墨鏡
I can't swim well.	我不擅长游泳
Who loved who?	谁爱谁
I only do what I'm paid to do.	我只做別人付錢讓我做的事
I'm from Singapore.	我是从新加坡来的
This piano is really cheap.	這鋼琴真便宜
I think Tom is still alive.	我認為湯姆還活著
How did you feel about that?	关于那件事你之前怎么想的
Outside the school, she saw people with no homes living in cardboard boxes.	她在校外见到没有家的人住在纸板箱里
You can only use it once.	这个你只能用一次
This is my bicycle.	这是我的自行车
Please think about it.	請你考慮考慮
English has now become the common language of several nations in the world.	英语现已成为世界上许多国家的通用语言了
Mary is studying in her room.	瑪麗在她的房間裡讀書
You have beautiful hair.	你的头发很漂亮
Do you ever dream about flying through the sky?	你曾經夢想在天空飛翔嗎
The tsunami alert was cancelled.	海啸的警报解除了
Where is the stage door?	请问剧场后门在哪
What to do next is the question.	問題是下一步要做什麼
Open your book to page nine.	翻開你的書到第九頁
Tom told me that he didn't win.	湯姆告訴我他沒贏
She left her son alone in the car.	她把她兒子忘在車裡
Many schools are closed today because of the storm.	今天许多学校因为风暴停课
What do you think I was doing before?	你觉得我之前在做什么
The lecture lasted for two hours.	這場演講持續了兩個小時
The soup is too hot.	汤太烫了
He is an old friend of mine.	他是我的一位老朋友
I take a bath every night.	我每晚洗澡
We are encouraged to use our imagination.	我們被鼓勵使用想像力
There is an orange on the table.	桌上有一只橙子
How much does a kilo of bananas cost?	一公斤香蕉多少錢
Did you see the rainbow this morning?	你见到今天早上的彩虹了吗
Is Tom really a nice guy?	汤姆是个好人吗
Alexander the Great died in Babylon.	亞歷山大大帝死在巴比倫
This is my problem.	这是我的问题
I'm home, Mom!	我回来了
Good evening.	晚上好
Delete Tom's name from the list.	从名单上删掉汤姆的名字
This book is too difficult for you to read.	这本书对你来说读起来太难了
The ship made slow progress against the strong wind.	這艘船逆風而行緩慢前進
We can't stay in here very long.	我們不能在這裡待很長時間
You ought to ask him for advice.	你应该向他征求意见
They are talking about music.	他们在谈音乐
Tom and I know each other quite well.	湯姆和我互相很了解
Give me my money.	把我的钱给我
Don't you ever clean your room?	你從不清掃你的房間嗎
His hat isn't on straight.	他的帽子没戴正
Is it a recent picture?	那是一张近照吗
Tom doesn't understand what Mary is trying to say.	汤姆不理解玛丽想说什么
He likes oranges.	他喜欢橙子
The dog came running to me.	狗向着我跑了过来
We must reduce energy demand.	我们必须降低能源需求
We have dinner at seven.	我们七点吃晚饭
They didn't even know how to write their own names.	他们甚至没办法写自己的名字
I demand an explanation for this mistake.	我要求說明這個錯誤
He interrupted our conversation.	他打断了我们的谈论
He threw a piece of meat to a dog.	他丢了块肉给一条狗
You ought not to make fun of them.	你别嘲弄他们
What you said is not true.	你说的不是真的
He is very sensitive.	他很敏感
Tom and I have decided to go to Australia next summer.	汤姆和我决定下个夏天去澳大利亚
You have to be proactive.	你必须积极主动
Of course.	当然了
I won't say it again.	我不会再说了
I have no doubt about it.	我没有疑问
Brown is not Tom's natural hair color.	棕色不是汤姆天生的发色
This airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time.	这架飞机一次可以携带
The leaves fell.	叶子落了
I'll see you a week from today.	我下星期的今天會和你見面
Don't underestimate your own strength.	不要低估自己的实力
Your answer is correct.	你的答案是正確的
I owe everything to Tom.	我什么都欠汤姆的
They've decided to get married next month.	他們已經決定下個月結婚
That's my money.	那是我的钱
Because of the typhoon, my parents ended their trip one day early.	因为台风的关系
We had a heavy rain yesterday.	昨天下大雨
I have a lot of bad teeth.	我蛀牙很多
Tom declined to give details.	汤姆拒绝提供详细信息
They made their way through the crowd.	他們從人群中擠過去了
This will never happen again.	这永远不会再发生了
I don't have a prejudice against foreign workers.	我对外籍员工没有偏见
Will ten thousand yen do?	一万日元够吗
There is no place like home.	金窩銀窩不如自己的狗窩
Tom can't go out because he has a lot of homework.	汤姆因为有很多作业不能外出
My sister saw it with her own eyes.	我妹妹亲眼看到它了
What are my responsibilities?	我的责任是什么
The weatherman says there is a storm on the way.	气象学家说会有暴风雨
She cried as she read the letter.	她一邊讀這封信一邊哭
I've never met such a kind man.	我从没遇到过那么好心的男人
We didn't get an apology.	我们没有收到过道歉
You're safe here with me.	你和我在这里很安全
Because he's sick, he can't come.	因為他生病了
I played tennis yesterday for the first time.	昨天我第一次打了网球
I like to listen to the radio.	我喜歡聽收音機
He drives a car, doesn't he?	他開車
When it stops raining, let's go for a walk.	等雨停了
She tried to persuade him to attend the meeting.	她试图说服他来参加会议
What image did you have in mind as you painted this picture?	画这幅画的时候你脑海中浮现出了什么图像
I didn't know Tom was going to tell us what to do.	我不知道汤姆会告诉我们该怎么做
Do you have enough money?	你的钱够吗
She gave the blouse a quick wash.	她很快地把襯衫洗一洗
Write your goals down.	把你的目標寫下來
She spends a lot of money on shoes.	她花很多钱在买鞋上
I want a lot more.	我要多很多
Tom is not dumb.	汤姆不傻
Short skirts are already out of fashion.	短裙已經不流行了
Are you dating anybody?	你跟人約會過嗎
Did you take it?	你拿吗
He will be back soon.	他很快就会回来的
Mark the words that you cannot understand.	你不懂的词做个记号
Can you lend me 10,000 yen?	你能借給我
Why don't you be quiet?	你為什麽不安靜
He came to see you yesterday.	他昨天來看你
He still remembers the day his mother found out he was smoking.	他还记得他妈妈发现他正在抽烟的那天
Smoking affects your health.	吸烟有害健康
Tom is in the living room.	汤姆在起居室里
Who's your most interesting friend?	你最有趣的朋友是誰
The bicycle by the door is mine.	在門口的自行車是我的
I feel lonely.	我觉得很孤独
Every nation, rich or poor, has its strengths and weaknesses.	每个国家
We are all longing for peace in the world.	谁都希望世界和平
Yesterday, the weather was very nice.	昨天天气非常好
He changed the topic of conversation.	他转变了话题
I didn't know that you were watching something.	我不知道你在看東西
I'm so lonely.	我好孤单
I've never been abroad before.	我以前从没去过国外
You should read many books when you are young.	应该趁年轻多读点书
Having a slight headache, I went to bed early.	因為我有點頭疼
He ran into the room.	他跑进房间内
We should learn from history.	我們要以史為鑒
Let's meet at one o'clock.	让我们在一点见面
Did you call your friend in Canada?	你打電話給你在加拿大的朋友了嗎
He took a picture of the koala.	他為無尾熊拍照
She's in a depression.	她抑郁了
Somebody has stolen my suitcase.	有人偷了我的行李
I would rather stay at home.	我寧願待在家裡
I go to the movies every week.	我每周都去看电影
A stewardess was rescued from the wreck.	一名空姐從飛機殘骸中被救出來了
How was the seminar?	这个研讨会怎么样
What did you have to eat?	你必須吃什麼
I'll be back at seven o'clock.	我會在七點鐘回來
I don't know what you're referring to.	我不知道你指的是什么
He has no eye for women.	他對女人沒有眼光
He can speak five languages.	他會說五種語言
My car burns a lot of gas.	我的車子很耗油
My briefcase is full of papers.	我的公事包裡裝滿了文件
Tom said he was sick.	湯姆說他病了
Why are you so mean to me?	你为什么对我这么小气
I wonder whether we have enough money to buy Tom the painting he wanted.	我想知道咱们是否有足够的钱给汤姆买他想要的这幅画
We love each other.	我們彼此相愛
I don't know a thing about her.	我对她一无所知
Your father is tall.	你爸爸很高
A group of young men were fighting.	一群年輕人在打架
Who are your most interesting friends?	你最有趣的朋友是誰
There were several rooms still vacant.	还有几间空房
Is your school in this town?	你的学校在这个城市吗
This is a picture of my family.	這是一張我全家的照片
I would like to have a look at your collection of stamps.	我想看看您的邮票收藏
Do you still have my phone number?	你還有我的電話號碼嗎
It's my brother's.	它是我兄弟的
He is not from Hokkaido.	他不是來自北海道
The air felt a little cold.	空气有点冷
Will you come back tomorrow?	您明天回来吗
Say hi to your father for me.	代我向你父親問好
That woman is very beautiful.	这个女人很漂亮
If it had not been for your help, I couldn't have completed the work.	如果不是因为有你的帮助
Are you busy today?	你今天忙吗
I've lost my pen.	我弄丟了我的筆
Tell Tom I need to borrow his car.	告訴湯姆我需要借他的車
He has made a fortune through hard work.	他通过努力挣了大笔钱
Give it another shot.	再試一次
The dog is barking.	狗在叫
Her daughter has become a beautiful woman.	她的女兒已經變成一個漂亮的女人
You must make up for the loss.	您必须弥补损失
You must choose.	你必须做出选择
Please stay here till I get back.	請待在這裡直到我回來
I can cook you something if you're hungry.	我会在你饿时给你做饭
Tom began to sing.	汤姆开始唱歌
Tom can't account for his whereabouts on the day that Mary was murdered.	汤姆不能说明玛丽遇害那天自己在哪里
Does he go to school on foot or by bicycle?	他走路去学校还是骑车去学校
I've already eaten lunch.	我已經吃過午餐了
Did you find the book interesting?	你覺得這本書有趣嗎
Why is nobody visiting my website?	为什么没人来我的网站呢
I'm not well at all.	我一点都不好
I didn't suspect anything.	我沒有懷疑任何事
The money you give them will be put to good use.	你给他们的钱会用到好处
Who's that woman standing over there?	站在那儿的女人是谁
Why do you need to read such a book?	为什么你要读这样一本书
Tom may come back.	汤姆可能会回来
She became happy.	她变得高兴起来
It's fun to ride a motorcycle.	騎摩托車很有趣
She wept the entire night.	她一整晚都在哭
He froze with fear when he saw the snake.	他看見蛇就嚇得不動了
Let's call it a day.	今天就到此为止吧
Cars are expensive.	车子很贵
Tom is looking for a new job.	湯姆在找新工作
What have you got planned for next weekend?	你下个周末有什么安排
I found her letter in the mailbox.	我在信箱中發現了她的信
She is poor, but she is happy.	她很窮
Two detectives followed the suspect.	两个侦探跟着嫌疑人
He was attracted to the woman.	他被那个女人吸引住了
Can I bring Tom?	我可以带上汤姆吗
Thanks for your quick answer.	谢谢您的迅速回复
Are you afraid of Tom?	你會怕
These pictures are really very beautiful.	这些照片真美
You can't say that.	你不能这么说
I'd better be on my way.	我该走了
If her nose were a little shorter, she would be quite pretty.	若她的姿態能再低一點就更完美了
She hasn't heard the news yet.	她还没听到这个消息
This piece of music is way too difficult for me to play.	这首曲子对我来说太难演奏了
This diamond isn't real.	这颗钻石不是真的
We have French third period.	我們第三節是法語課
Nothing has moved.	什么都没动
The university was founded by his father twenty years ago.	大学在
How long has he been absent?	他不在这有多久了
It might be a wedding.	這可能是一場婚禮
Shall we start the meeting now?	現在是不是該開會了
He wore a mask so that no one could recognize him.	他戴著面具以至於沒有人認出他
I want to visit South Korea.	我想访问韩国
There's nobody here.	這裡沒人
Let's draw lots to decide who goes first.	来抽签决定谁先走吧
I'm here, so do you want to chat?	我在这
He's taller than me.	他比我高
Tom isn't doing what he's supposed to be doing.	湯姆沒有在做他該做的事
She is busy at present and can't speak to you.	她现在忙
Ask for what you want.	想要什麽就說
Why don't you go home?	你为什么不回家呢
Place it wherever you like.	你想放在哪裡就放在哪裡
Are you really not coming?	你真的不来吗
Tom slept.	汤姆睡了
Some say that China was like a Russian colony.	有人說中國像是俄國的殖民地
What's the climate there like?	那里的气候怎么样
I am afraid of dogs.	我怕狗
Switzerland is a beautiful country.	瑞士是一個美麗的國家
I owe him 1,000 dollars.	我欠他
It may occur at any moment.	它隨時有可能發生
Both his father and mother are dead.	他的父母親都去世了
I didn't think Tom would be scared.	我没想到汤姆会害怕
When would you like to see him?	你想要什麼時候見他
The wind is blowing from the north.	风从北边来
How long did it take you to write this report?	你写这份报告花了多长时间
He crossed the street.	他穿过公路
This is all he has to do.	這是所有他必須做的事
It's already open.	它已经开放了
I think you should see a doctor.	我覺得你應該去看醫生
Tom wanted to go to Australia.	汤姆想去澳大利亚
Air quality has deteriorated these past few years.	这些年空气质量恶化了
I didn't mean to do that.	我不是故意那樣做
The experiment confirmed his theory.	实验证明了他的理论
"When will you be back?" "It all depends on the weather."	“	你什么时候回来
You don't go to school on Sunday, do you?	你週日不上學
She seems to have known the secret.	她好像已經知道這個秘密了
Tom pulled Mary out of the water.	Tom	把
It's my belief that knowledge is power.	我相信
You don't know who I am.	您不知道我是谁
There are many beautiful castles in northern Germany.	在德國北部有很多美麗的城堡
I'd like some more bread, please.	我想再要些麵包
The pen is on the desk.	笔在桌上
I bought a few eggs and a little milk.	我买了几个鸡蛋和一点牛奶
Tom didn't let me answer Mary's question.	湯姆沒有讓我回答瑪莉的問題
Was that too much?	那太多了吗
Armenian is an Indo-European language.	亚美尼亚语是一门印欧语言
You should check it out.	你應該檢查一下
"Thank you for helping me." "Don't mention it."	“	谢谢你的帮助
We watch TV every day.	我们每天看电视
The chicken is undercooked.	雞肉還不夠熟
I was shy.	我害羞
I need to study math.	我需要学习数学
The poor man has no relatives.	窮人無親戚
I'll give you anything but this.	除了這個之外我會給你任何東西
Can you give me a discount?	能给我打个折么
If it's not too expensive, I'll do that.	如果不是太贵的话
Tom doesn't have a dad.	汤姆没有爸爸
Even a child can understand that.	即使是一個小孩子都能理解
I'm really sorry. I seem to have lost your umbrella.	我真的很抱歉
Where is the lost and found?	失物招领处在哪儿
I'm too tired to walk any further.	我累得再也走不動了
You'd better see a doctor.	你还是去看病吧
Are you following me?	你在跟著我嗎
No matter how much I think about it, I don't understand it.	无论怎么去想我都搞不清楚
We want to know.	我們想知道
Mary came on her own.	Mary	自己一個人來
Beware of thieves.	注意小偷
I work every day except Sunday.	我除了星期天外每天都上班
The weather is nice tonight.	今晚的天气不错
Don't do anything stupid.	请不要做傻事
Is anybody there?	那边有人吗
I know that you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?	我知道你已经等很久了
We've got to get you some help.	我们不得不给你一点帮助了
I just don't want to lose you.	我只是不想失去你
It's my money.	那是我的钱
My stomach's full.	我吃飽了
Let's start right away.	我们立刻开始吧
I should've gone home earlier.	我該早點回家
I'm right.	我是對的
We are badly in need of food.	我们非常需要食物
Balls are round.	球是圆的
She'll cry even when no one is looking.	没人盯着她的时候
I forgot to telephone him today.	我今天忘了打電話給他
Why are you so worried?	你這麼擔心做什麼
A bird is singing in the tree.	一隻鳥正在樹上唱歌
He visited his hometown for the first time in ten years.	他
I don't want any bananas at all.	我一個香蕉也不要
I don't want to have this fight.	我不想打这架
Let them decide.	讓他們決定
We're not afraid of any difficulties.	我们不畏惧任何困难
It is too expensive.	这太贵了
I didn't get the joke.	我没明白那个笑话
I spent my vacation at the beach.	我在海邊度假
Will you stay at home tonight?	你今晚會待在家裡嗎
No one else was hurt.	没有别的人受伤
How I've missed you!	我多麼想念你
Please send me your photo.	請把您的照片發給我
Can you put up with the way he behaves?	你能容忍他做事的方式么
Stop fooling around.	不要隨便開玩笑
They arrived late because of the storm.	因为风暴
Your bag's open.	你的包开着
Yes, of course.	当然是的
Everyone knows that Tom speaks good French.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
You may as well tell me all about it.	你不妨告訴我一切
It's on this point that our opinions differ.	是在这点上我们的意见有分歧
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.	山坡上有一个茅屋
Tom pretended he was a doctor.	汤姆假装他是一名医生
The horse stopped and refused to go any further.	馬停了下來
I want you to understand why you have to do this.	我想让你明白为啥你必须这么做
I have no idea of what to do.	我不知道该怎么办
He founded the school five years ago.	他在五年前創立了這所學校
I always have trouble remembering names.	我经常忘记别人的名字
He doesn't know how to swim.	他不会游泳
Don't forget me.	別忘了我
Stop putting off finding a job.	不要拖延去找工作的事
I'll go back home with you.	我會跟你一起回家
Do you watch television?	您看电视吗
Could you help me find my dog?	你能幫我找到我的狗嗎
A car is a must for life in the suburbs.	要住在郊区的话
The majority of his income goes to pay his rent.	他的大部分收入付了租金
Be kind to others.	对他人要友善
How much money have you got?	你有多少錢
Now, what do you want to see?	你現在想看甚麼
I'm getting off at the next station.	我會在下一站下車
I need more space.	我需要更多空間
I really like him, but not his circle of friends.	我真的很喜歡他
Are you a teacher or a student?	您是老师
We made it out of there.	我們從那裡逃了出來
His voice is pleasant to listen to.	他的声音很悦耳
How many books do you think you've read so far?	到目前为止
Can I borrow your book for a minute?	我可以借一会你的书吗
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.	你们该养成使用字典的习惯
Don't leave the room.	别离开房间
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my book.	我什麼地方都找過了
How much does the wooden chair cost?	那张木椅要多少钱
I don't mind lending you the money provided you pay it back within a month.	假如能一个月之内还上的话
He turned a deaf ear to their request.	他对他们的请求置若罔闻
They'll get out of class in forty minutes.	他们四十分钟之后下课
Tom is certain to come on time.	汤姆一定会准时来的
It is warmer today than yesterday.	今天比昨天暖和
Do you have the key to this door?	你有这扇门的钥匙吗
Hurry, and you will catch the train.	快一点
It has nothing to do with me.	它跟我没关系
Tears rolled down my cheeks.	泪水沿着我的面颊流了下来
You've got to go.	你們得走了
Tom learned to ride a bike when he was ten.	汤姆在
I'm used to working all night.	我習慣整夜工作
There won't be a next time.	不会再有下次了
I have no idea.	我一无所知
Let's not talk about it any more.	讓我們不要再談論它了
When you've finished reading this letter, burn it.	看完这封信请把它烧掉
Starting tomorrow, it's going to snow for a week.	雪从明天开始下
I phone him every day.	我每天都给他打电话
Wherever you go, I'll follow.	無論你到哪裡
I'm just playing the devil's advocate.	我在给魔鬼当辩护士
I'll call you on Monday.	我會在星期一給你打電話
You should give up smoking.	你應該戒菸
She can't ride a bicycle yet.	她還不會騎腳踏車
None of us thought he was to blame for the accident.	我們都不認為他是事故的罪魁禍首
Are you a student?	您是学生吗
I speak French and English.	我講法語和英語
Everything depends upon your decision.	所有事都取決於你的決定
I'd rather stay than go.	我寧願待在這裡而不去
The prosecutor asked me a leading question.	检察官问了我一个引导性的问题
I got my notebook stolen.	有人把我的筆記本電腦偷掉了
You should make notes.	你应该做笔记
This chair is really comfortable to sit on.	这个椅子坐着真舒服
Where do you play tennis?	你在哪裡打網球
I found a taxi, but there was no driver inside.	我找到了一輛出租車
He is careless about money.	他不關心錢
A cornered rat will bite a cat.	窮鼠囓狸
Do you keep a diary?	你记日记吗
Can I borrow your pencil for a bit?	我能用一下你的铅笔吗
Don't hesitate to ask questions.	不要猶豫去問問題
She has a strong objection to my plan.	她強烈反對我的計畫
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.	你们很容易就能看出区别
Tom moves quickly.	汤姆动得好快
I got a call from him.	我接到了他打來的電話
The scenery was beautiful beyond description.	這風景美得無法形容
We're taking part.	我们正参与
I'm playing baseball.	我在打棒球
I want to drink something cold.	我想喝點冷飲
If you enjoy the work you do, you have something worth more than money.	如果你喜歡你做的工作
What do you think I've been doing?	你觉得我之前在做什么
Tom is teaching me to how to sail.	汤姆正在教我怎么开帆船
You look tired. You ought to rest for an hour or two.	你看起來很累
Tom remained standing as the others sat down.	别人都坐下了
What did you answer?	您回答了什么
Fashion is not my specialty.	时装不是我的天分
Tom is accustomed to getting up early.	汤姆习惯早起
Are those new shoes?	那是新买的鞋子吗
He takes a bath every morning.	他每天早上洗澡
I can barely see you.	我幾乎看不到你
I know the real reason you don't want to go.	我知道你不想去的真实原因
Tom is your brother.	湯姆是你的兄弟
It would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work.	给你解释这为什么行不通要花很多时间
Because of heavy snow, the plane from Beijing arrived 20 minutes late.	由於下大雪
True friendship is based on mutual trust.	真正的友谊建立在彼此信任的基础上
Do you still buy lottery tickets?	你還買彩票嗎
Can I register for that class?	我可以登記這堂課嗎
I was in the bathroom.	我当时在卫生间
English is studied in China, too.	在中國的人也研讀英語了
Tom has no idea what to do with all the junk in his garage.	汤姆不知道拿他车库的那些废物怎么办
I am an electrician.	我是一名電工
He made me sing on the stage.	他讓我在舞台上唱歌
Tom isn't a hero.	湯姆不是英雄
You're irresistible.	你令人难以抗拒
Try to avoid overdoing it.	避免太夸张
Let's discuss the matter right now.	让我们马上讨论这个问题吧
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.	我在你这个年纪的时候
This is my favorite project.	这是我最喜欢的项目
Tom is a student.	湯姆是個學生
She is old enough to know better.	她年紀夠大該懂事了
Can't you stay a little longer?	你不能待久一點嗎
Tom doesn't know if Mary is happy or not.	汤姆不知道玛丽是高兴呢
That patient may die at any time.	病人随时会死
The living room in my new house is very large.	我新家的客厅很宽敞
The doctor gave it to her.	醫生把它給了她
I have asthma.	我有哮喘
Do you hear what I'm saying?	你在听我说吗
Who were they talking about?	他们在讨论谁
He was very friendly to everybody.	他對每個人都非常友善
Do you run every day?	你每天都跑步吗
It seems that Tom is lying.	看來湯姆在說謊
I'll get some help.	我会需要帮助
It's a pity you didn't come last night.	您昨晚沒來真是太可惜了
He nodded encouragingly.	他点头以示鼓励
When are you going home?	你什麼時候回家
I will not do it again.	下次我不做了
I thought that it would be worse.	我觉得会更糟
Tom hid under the table.	Tom	躲在桌子底下
I guess I'm never going to get married.	我想我会一辈子单身
We fixed that pretty quickly.	我們很快修好了
I think I've found the answer.	我想我找到答案了
That really whets my appetite.	那很開胃
Let's divide this money between you and me.	这钱你和我分了吧
She laid the work on him.	她派他去工作了
We got to the station at six.	我們六點鐘到了車站
It's important to read books.	读书很重要
These machines aren't working now.	这些机器目前不运转
She usually sleeps for eight hours.	她通常睡八個小時
A strange feeling came over me.	我有种奇怪的感觉
Every one of her songs was a hit.	她的每首歌都长期备受欢迎
What did she buy at the shop?	她在店裡買了什麼
He's popular with the students.	他受到學生的歡迎
He took it literally.	他按照字面上的意思
You're free to go.	您可以走了
My nose is so itchy.	我的鼻子好癢
Tom can change.	湯姆能改變
She wore a red dress.	她穿了一条红色的裙子
What's the weather like now?	现在的天气怎么样了
That's nonsense. Nobody but a fool would believe it.	那是無稽之談
He is a fishmonger.	他是賣魚的
He has a large family.	他有一個大家庭
You should've never interfered.	你从来不该干涉
He looked in all directions, but didn't see anyone.	他看了看四周
Tom has just returned from the post office.	湯姆剛從郵局回來
Don't let that happen again!	不要再让这种事发生了
She got married at the age of 17.	她十七岁结婚
I agree on an emotional level, but on the pragmatic level I disagree.	我感情上支持
Put some more wood on the fire.	再往火裡添些木柴
How long is this?	這有多長
I don't really read newspapers.	我不太看报纸
He died without having made a will.	他沒有留下任何遺言就死了
Tom can swim faster than anyone else I know.	汤姆是我认识的人当中游泳最快的
I returned the book to the library.	我把書還給圖書館
I was already busy planning my vacation.	我已经在忙于计划假期了
I ate the apple.	我吃了這個蘋果
Maybe he won't become famous.	也許他不會成名
Please help me clean the house.	請幫我打掃房子
The old man walked across the road carefully.	老人小心翼翼地过了马路
He broke his word, which made his wife angry.	他失信了
It is already eleven.	已经是
How do you go to school?	你是怎麼去上學的
After asking for my key at the front desk, I took the elevator to my floor.	我到櫃檯拿了鑰匙
Are you going home?	你在回家吗
Do you often have fish for dinner?	你常常晚餐吃魚嗎
John took a key from his pocket.	約翰從他的口袋拿出了一把鑰匙
How did you accomplish this?	你是怎么完成的
You'll never achieve anything if you don't study harder.	如果你不更加努力地學習
The cottage was clean and tidy.	小屋干净又整洁
They all went to the restaurant.	他們都去了這家餐廳
Be nice to others.	对他人要友善
Our team scored the first goal.	我们队进了第一个球
A hungry pig dreams of acorns.	飢餓的豬夢到橡樹子
He was brought up in Australia.	他在澳大利亚长大
I was alone.	我茕茕孑立
I want to cry.	我想哭
Tom can run fast.	Tom	可以跑得很快
How long does it take to get to the train station?	去火车站要多久
Get a grip on yourself.	冷静下来
Please come back home.	請回家
We kept quiet.	我们保持了沉默
I turned right.	我往右拐了
Tom is lucky he didn't get shot.	湯姆沒被射中真走運
Can you come over to my house tonight?	你今晚能不能到我家来
He wanted to get his shirts washed.	他想要把他的襯衫洗乾淨
I've read many kinds of books.	我已经读过很多种类的书了
I wonder why nobody told me.	不知道为什么没有人告诉过我
He was appointed ambassador to Britain.	他被任命為駐英國大使
Are you busy tomorrow afternoon?	明天下午你忙嗎
Please let me know as soon as it's decided.	决定好的话请第一时间告诉我
I'm sorry to always be bothering you.	我经常烦你
She gave the children two apples each.	她給孩子們每人兩個蘋果
What's your name?	叫什麼名字
We are sorry we can't help you.	我们很遗憾没能帮助你们
The scar on his forehead is conspicuous.	他額頭上的疤痕很醒目
What did he ask you?	他問你什麼
I'll have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow.	你明天来的时候
They attacked the enemy.	他们进攻了敌人
I haven't yet finished my homework.	我还没做完作业
Strange to say, he didn't know the news.	说来奇怪
When I came home, Tom was studying.	當我回家的時候
He made good use of the opportunity.	他好好地利用了這個機會
My father sometimes goes abroad.	我父親偶爾出國
It's just a dream.	只是一场梦罢了
America is a country of immigrants.	美國是一個移民國家
You look very nice.	你看上去很好
She picked up one of the glass vases.	她拿了其中一个玻璃花瓶
It's nothing to worry about.	沒什麼好擔心的
How far do you want to go?	你要走多遠
What's your horse's name?	你的馬叫什麼名字
Don't bug me.	别来烦我
These flowers bloom earlier than others do.	這些花比別的花早開花
You can't fire us.	你不能炒了我们
Tom will try and stop me for sure.	汤姆一定会来阻止我
He can speak 10 languages.	他会讲十门语言
She will return home next Sunday, that is, the tenth.	她下周日回家
Are you free tomorrow afternoon?	你明天下午有空吗
She cannot be over thirty.	她不可能超过
He has been teaching for 20 years.	他已經教了
I saw what Tom did.	我看到湯姆做什麼了
Tom didn't have any family.	过去汤姆没有家
I have a daughter.	我有一个女儿
Where are you planning to spend the night?	你打算去哪儿过夜
There's no need to be gentle.	无需仁慈
He is familiar with Japanese culture.	他熟悉日本文化
Where do you live?	您住在哪里
I heard it.	我聽到了
Money can't buy everything.	金钱不能买到所有的东西
Will you show me your passport, please?	能否请您给我看一下您的护照
Don't stand near me.	不要站在我身邊
They're watching a movie.	他們在看一部電影
Tom teaches French.	湯姆教法語
He went to stay with his cousin.	他去和他的表弟待在一起了
Tom thinks there's hope.	汤姆认为有希望
The house I bought is pretty far from downtown.	我買的房子離市中心比較遠
I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.	我总是想有兄弟姐妹会怎么样
We're eating apples.	我們在吃蘋果
They closed their eyes.	他们闭上眼睛
I read the novel in three days.	那部小说我看了三天
I couldn't remember their names.	我不記得他們的名字了
They called in a doctor because the child was ill.	他們打電話給醫生因為這個孩子生病了
Is he tall?	他长得高吗
I'm glad I was able to help.	能够出一份力太好了
How about going out for lunch?	出去吃午飯怎樣
The children are having fun in the park.	孩子們在公園裏玩耍
She didn't have much money.	她沒有很多錢
It isn't easy to distinguish good from evil.	区分善恶不容易
She is a teacher.	她是女教师
He is beginning to lose his hair.	他开始掉头发了
I buy donuts every Sunday after church.	我每个星期日礼拜完都买甜甜圈
Get lost.	滚
What's going on with Tom?	汤姆出什么事了
She has a very quick mind.	她反應很快
I'll lend you the book as soon as I'm done reading it.	我一把这本书读完了就借给你
We made friends with them.	我們與他們交朋友了
Tom is going to be proud of you.	湯姆要以你為傲了
I'm on my way to the meeting right now.	我在前往会议的路上
Tom didn't tell Mary anything about that.	汤姆没有告诉玛丽关于那件事的任何信息
This book is not as large that one.	这本书没那本大
This clock is mine.	這個錶是我的
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow.	他明天將離開芝加哥
My camera can shoot high-definition video.	我的录像机可以拍高清视频
It was one of the best nights I've had.	这是我度过的最好的夜晚之一
I don't have time to play games with you.	我没时间跟你玩游戏
I don't even want to think about what could happen.	我甚至不想去想會發生什麼
This flag is very beautiful.	这面旗子很漂亮
Tom said that Mary thought that John might be permitted to do that next weekend.	汤姆说玛丽觉得约翰下周末可能被允许那么做
He made remarkable progress in English.	他的英語有了顯著的進步
Tears filled her eyes.	她热泪盈眶
He died three years ago.	他三年前死了
I was unable to finish my homework.	我無法完成我的作業
I have a stupid question.	我有一个挺蠢的问题
"There's an apostrophe missing. It's and its are different." "I know. It was a typing error."	“	你漏写了一个撇号
Please keep this a secret.	请保密
Don't let Tom lie on the floor.	别让汤姆躺在地板上
Is there anything else you want?	还有什么想要的吗
Don't walk alone after dark.	不要一個人在黑暗中走
Tom is anxious to know the result.	汤姆急着想知道结果
The boy was shirtless.	男孩赤裸着上身
She enjoyed herself a lot at the party.	她在聚會上玩得很開心
What do you make?	你做什麼
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	我寧願是一隻鳥勝過一條魚
Did you ski yesterday?	昨天你滑雪了吗
The teacher let the boy go home.	老師讓這個男孩回家
He never goes out late at night.	他從不在深夜出門
It is ten o'clock by my watch.	我的手錶是十點鐘了
Nobody knows when the earthquake will occur.	没有人知道地震何时会来
We have no reason to be ashamed.	我们没理由害臊
You can use my dictionary.	你可以用我的字典
We had a rest in the shade.	我們在樹蔭下休息
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.	这是我吃过的最好的餐馆之一
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer.	知道如何使用电脑对我们来说变得很重要
Tom is very kind.	汤姆人很好
I wasn't aware that Tom was sleeping.	我不知道湯姆在睡覺
They said the situation was only temporary.	他们说情况只是暂时的
Have you done it?	你做吗
Tom has nothing to do here.	湯姆在這裡沒有可做的事
He died soon after the accident.	他在事故後不久就去世了
I have no problem with my boss.	我和老闆沒有問題
May I use your car today?	我今天可以使用你的汽车吗
Her father made her tell him everything.	她的父親要她告訴他一切
He clipped the sheep.	他為羊隻修剪羊毛
She wrote 5 novels in 5 years.	她在
He has a bath every morning.	他每天早上洗澡
I understand.	我明白了
She stayed in that area for a short while.	她在那地方待了片刻
You don't understand.	你不明白
Can his story be true?	他的故事可能是真的吗
He lives alone.	他独自生活
Take a deep breath and then relax.	深呼吸
How about going out to eat tonight?	今晚出去吃怎么样
You're not trying to trick me, are you?	你没打算耍我
This magazine comes out every month.	该杂志每月出版
Don't open your book.	不要打开你的书
Tom lost his job.	湯姆丟了工作
She gave me a present.	她給了我一件禮物
The Mona Lisa has an enigmatic smile.	蒙娜丽莎有着神秘的微笑
She put on her hat to go out.	她戴上了帽子准备出去
Tom won't even know what you did until it's over.	汤姆不到最后不会知道你做了什么
Please come over if you have time.	如果你有時間的話
Why on earth are you here?	你到底为什么在这里
One hundred years is called a century.	一百年称为一个世纪
This is mine.	这是我的
Tom still doesn't know the truth.	汤姆还是不知道真相
I want the other one.	我想要另一個
Tom, be careful!	汤姆
What are we having for supper?	晚饭我们吃什么
Your English is improving.	你的英語正在進步
Why are you here?	你為什麼在這
India is a developing country.	印度是发展中国家
Where's the nearest travel agency?	最近的旅行社在哪裡
I want to watch this movie.	我想看这部电影
He seems to be rich.	他看起來很有錢
He left without saying goodbye.	他不辭而別
Could I park my car here?	我能把我的车停在这儿吗
I don't think this is a good idea.	我觉得这主意不行
Her speech moved the audience.	她的演说感动了听众
I have no clue.	我一无所知
They wash their hands with soap.	他们用肥皂洗手
Do you know whether she can speak English?	你知道她是否會講英語嗎
It's human nature.	它是人的天性
The train will probably arrive at the station before noon.	火车大概会在中午前到站
Hang on till I get to you.	坚持下去直到我找到你
He reluctantly agreed to my proposal.	他勉強同意了我的建議
Would you lend me your knife?	你可以借我你的刀嗎
His speech moved us.	他的演说打动了我们
This English composition is far from perfect.	这篇英语作文离完美还差得远
He shaved his mustache off.	他刮了他的胡子
The enemy dropped many bombs on the factory.	敵人在工廠投下了很多炸彈
Does it taste good?	好吃嗎
I'm prepared to die.	我已經準備去死了
They didn't see us.	他们没看到我们
My passport has expired.	我的護照過期了
Tom has to go to the hospital.	汤姆必须去医院
Quite a few people have two cars.	不少人有兩輛汽車
There's no possibility of his coming.	他不可能來
I was deeply impressed by the scenery.	我被这景色深深迷住了
We go to school together.	我们一起去学校
You have to give Tom more time.	你必須給湯姆更多時間
I'm learning how to drive.	我正在學習如何駕駛
By the time Tom got home, we were already eating dinner.	汤姆回家时我们已经在吃晚饭了
He walks in the park every morning.	他每天早上在公園裡散步
She tried to commit suicide.	她企图自杀
Do you think you could do better?	你覺得你能做得更好嗎
Is it poisonous?	它有毒嗎
May I hold your hand?	我可以牵着你的手吗
Clean your room.	打扫一下你的房间
The men are wearing short sleeves.	男人們穿著短袖上衣
Tom found out where Mary lives.	湯姆找到了瑪麗的住處
There goes our bus.	我们的车走了
The fire reduced the house to ashes.	房子被大火烧成了灰烬
I hate you.	我恨你
I should put on more clothes.	我应该多穿点衣服了
The top of the mountain is covered in snow.	山顶被雪覆盖了
Tom can't remember anything.	汤姆什么都记不住
Did you grade the tests?	你給測驗評分了嗎
Goodnight.	晚安
CDs have taken the place of records.	CD	已经取代了胶木唱片
You're a good driver.	你开车很好
I can't just let Tom kill me.	我不能让汤姆这么轻易杀了我
Tom can't speak much French.	湯姆說法語說得不太好
It might sound far-fetched, but this is a real problem.	这可能听起来牵强
I look after my grandfather.	我照顧我的爺爺
California and Nevada border on each other.	加利福尼亞州和內華達州相互接界
Let's go now. Otherwise, we'll be late.	咱们现在走吧
He's the same age as me.	他和我同岁
I got a good night's sleep.	我睡了个好觉
The old dog barked.	老狗叫了
I like your room.	我喜欢你的房间
The weather is nice tonight.	今晚天公作美
That's my coat.	那是我的大衣
Tom seems to have a cold.	湯姆看來感冒了
Get away!	走開
I don't agree with you.	我不同意你的看法
I don't care what he does.	我不在乎他做什麼
What'll you be doing at this time tomorrow?	你明天这个时候会是在做什么
Is this a pen or a pencil?	这是一只钢笔还是铅笔
The pirates boarded the ship.	海盜們上了船
Tom has more books than Mary.	湯姆的書比瑪麗的還多
He's a big boy.	他是個大男孩
You're a better skier than me.	你滑雪比我好
I was very surprised to hear the news.	我听到这个消息很惊讶
Please call me at my hotel later.	等一下請打電話到我住的旅館
I had no right to interfere.	我没有权利干涉
Our children like dogs, but I prefer cats.	我们的孩子喜欢狗
You can go or stay, as you wish.	你走或留
These shoes are too big for me.	这双鞋对我来说太大了
He lied to my face.	他在我面前撒谎
They work for me.	他们为我工作
There are some boys under the tree.	樹下有一些男孩
They were not listening to music.	他們沒在聽音樂
Do you have any friends who are doctors?	你有朋友是醫生嗎
You'll be confused.	你會困惑
I've done a lot this week.	我在本週做了許多事
I accompanied her on a walk.	我陪她散步
How long would it take?	要多长时间
They're all innocent children.	他们都是天真的孩子
Would you like to come?	你愿意来吗
He was watching TV last night.	他昨晚在看電視
Japan is an extremely noisy country.	日本是一個非常嘈雜的國家
I have to repair the refrigerator.	我要修冰箱
Our friendship was put to the test.	我们的友谊受到了考验
The mountain has a beautiful shape.	這座山有一個美麗的外形
It's our fault.	它是我們的錯誤
I'm on the phone.	我在打电话
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America?	有没有一个国家比美国更提倡爱国主义
I sell clothing online.	我在網路上賣衣服
The cat arched its back and stretched itself.	猫弓起背
I'm open to suggestions.	我愿意接受建议
The policeman captured the man who was running.	警察抓了正在跑的那個男人
What's going on with you?	你怎么了
Water is a liquid.	水是液体
Don't forget to put a stamp on your letter.	别忘了在你的信上贴张邮票
Your plan seems better than mine.	你的計劃似乎比我的好
That isn't my wife.	这不是我的妻子
It's getting hotter and hotter.	天气越来越热
Is it tasty?	好吃嗎
That makes no sense at all.	这没有任何意义
How much did you bid?	你出价多少
How do you say "I love you" in French?	“	我爱你
Did Tom actually say that?	汤姆真的那么说了吗
You're still too young to get a driver's license.	你還太年輕無法取得駕駛執照
I've had enough of your lying.	我听够你的谎话了
I really enjoy your company.	我非常享受你的陪伴
I got a phone call from him just as I was about to go to bed.	我正要上床的時候接到了他打來的電話
I need a new pair of shoes.	我需要一双新鞋
I only wanted to forget.	我只想忘记
I've never seen that guy before.	我從沒看過那個人
Tom woke up when the telephone rang.	当电话铃响的时候
What's Tom so angry about?	湯姆為了甚麼生氣
He fooled her.	他欺骗了她
Edison was not a bright student.	爱迪生不是个优秀的学生
We don't have enough time.	我们时间不多了
The world is changing every minute.	世界每一分鐘都在改變
You'll go to school tomorrow.	你明天去學校
There's no water in the well.	這口井裡沒有水
It is difficult to speak Chinese well.	很難把中文說得好
I thought Tom would win.	我以为汤姆会赢
I'm a hero.	我是個英雄
I plan to break up with her.	我打算與她分手
Bringing up a baby is hard work.	养大一个宝宝是一项艰难的工作
Don't miss the bus.	不要错过公车
Why don't we have dinner?	為甚麼我們不吃晚飯
"Would you like some tea?" "Yes, please."	"	来杯茶怎样
He felt in his pocket for his wallet.	他在口袋里摸着找他的钱包
I like dragon fruit.	我喜欢火龙果
Tom played the violin.	汤姆拉小提琴
You have to start somewhere.	你必须有一个出发点
You should be able to manage it.	你应该能解决
I might've forgotten my keys.	我可能把钥匙忘了
What languages are you good at speaking?	你擅長說哪種語言
The meeting lasted two hours.	這個會議持續了兩個小時
I want to go ice skating.	我想去滑冰
Once you have formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.	坏习惯一旦被养成
Did you lock the door?	你有關門嗎
Did you pay for the book?	你付錢買這本書了嗎
Tom wanted to see me.	汤姆想见我
I will sue you.	我要控告你
I was almost hit by a car.	我幾乎被車撞到了
They announced that a storm was coming.	他們宣布了暴風雨即將來臨
She seems to be in love with my brother.	她似乎喜歡上了我哥哥
Keep children away from the pond.	让孩子远离池塘
Our ultimate goal is to establish world peace.	我们的究极目标是树立世界和平
It was ten years ago that he first came to Japan.	他第一次來到日本是在十年前
He was re-elected mayor.	他再次被选为市长
Tom knows you know.	湯姆知道你知道
He decided to marry her.	他決定娶她
The situation is worse than I'd thought.	情況比我想的還壞
The castle is beautiful.	城堡好美
Tom said that the noise bothered him.	湯姆說噪音打扰了他
A friend in need is a friend indeed.	在你有需要的時候
What do you want to tell me?	您想告诉我什么
It is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood in public.	有時很難在公眾場合表達你自己的意思
She looked away.	她轉移了視線
There isn't any soap.	沒有任何肥皂
Let's go ahead and eat.	咱们去吃饭吧
Don't play baseball here.	不要在這裡打棒球
Tom is living in Boston now.	汤姆现在住在波士顿
I have a terrible headache.	我頭痛得厲害
I have so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.	我有太多話想和你說
The lake was frozen.	湖冻冰了
I can't afford to play tennis.	我負擔不起打網球的費用
Please choose one person.	請選擇一個人
I'm very happy.	我好高興
I know what you did.	我知道你做了什么
We can see more and more swallows.	我們能看到越來越多的燕子
Her father is an excellent pianist.	她的父親是一位優秀的鋼琴家
I'll try to meet your wishes.	我會盡力滿足你的願望
I didn't pass.	我没通过
It was raining when we arrived.	我們到的時候正在下雨
What time do we leave tomorrow?	我们明天几点出发
Tom wore ripped jeans.	汤姆穿了破洞牛仔裤
Tom got a late start this morning.	汤姆今早出发晚了
Begin.	开始
Why is Tom still at school?	为什么汤姆还在学校
We've only got one chance.	我们只有一次机会
He took me for an Englishman.	他误认为我是一个英国人
Why would they need to do that?	为什么他们会需要那么做呢
She asked me whether I liked the plan or not.	她问我喜不喜欢这个计划
Please shut the door.	請關上門
He often laughs at his own jokes.	他常常因他自己的笑話而笑
I, too, have been to Boston many times.	我也去过波士顿很多次
Please bring us two cups of tea and one cup of coffee.	请来两杯茶和一杯咖啡
She traveled around Japan.	她环游了日本
Tom is sitting on the grass.	汤姆坐在草地上
You may have been the last person to see Tom.	你可能是最後一個見湯姆的人
Could you tell me what I should do next?	你可以告诉我我下一步该做什么吗
Japan relies on Arab countries for oil.	日本靠阿拉伯国家提供石油
Did you watch TV tonight?	你今晚看電視了嗎
Aren't you thirsty?	你不渴嗎
I gave my sister a dictionary.	我給了我妹妹一本字典
Thank you all the same.	同样感谢你
You'll get used to it.	你会习惯的
Come and see me at eleven o'clock.	您十一点时来看我吧
She poured brandy into the glasses.	她把白蘭地倒進玻璃杯裡
We have to finish everything before Tuesday morning.	我们必须在周二早上之前完成所有事情
I agree with his opinion.	我同意他的觀點
I will never forget your kindness.	我永遠不會忘記你的親切
Everybody had a hard time.	每个人都遇到过困难
The handyman was supposed to arrive at twelve noon, but got stuck in a traffic jam for a few hours.	這個工人本來應該在中午十二點到達
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her.	教师用手指指着我
Because our kids got married, we are now in-laws.	我們成親家了
Eat and drink.	吃吧
She so wants to go.	她特别想去
Money makes the world go round.	金钱万能
You don't look so happy.	你看来不大高兴
When he retired, his son took over the business.	他退休的时候
All you need to do is trust each other.	除了相信对方以外
I helped him yesterday.	昨天我帮了他
The girl has no mother.	这个女孩没有母亲
Have you finished breakfast yet?	你吃完早飯了嗎
Tom cried for a long time.	湯姆哭了很長時間
No, thank you. I'm just looking around.	不
What is it you want to tell me?	您想告诉我什么
We may need some.	我們可能需要一些
It's your decision.	这是你的选择
Quit talking, will you?	不要说话
Is that a coyote?	那是丛林狼吗
I got him to fix my bicycle.	我讓他修理了我的腳踏車
Can you stay for a while?	你能待一会吗
He wrote down the telephone number.	他寫下這個電話號碼了
I'm not good at drawing.	我不擅長畫畫
This plan will be very expensive to carry out.	这计划执行起来花销会很大
I heard it on the radio.	我從廣播中聽到它
Tom went swimming in the river, but when he got out, his clothes had been stolen.	汤姆去河里游泳
Think about this.	你想想
Could you tell me where Tom is?	你能告訴我湯姆在哪裡嗎
I think you should make the deal.	我看你该做这交易
The cloth was dyed bright red.	布被染成鲜红
Please lock the door.	請把門鎖上
He is but a child.	他不过是个孩子
I generally walk to school.	我通常走去学校
I was about to leave when the doorbell rang.	门铃响的时候
You must leave now.	你现在必须离开
You underestimate your charisma.	你低估了你的魅力
This is very good soil.	这是非常好的土壤
Get me the newspaper.	去拿一下报纸
I think we shouldn't allow Tom to do that.	我認為我們不應該允許湯姆去做
Tom told Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to help.	汤姆对玛丽说
The worst is over.	最壞的已經過去了
This is impossible.	这不可能
Do you know where your father went?	你知道你父親去哪裡了嗎
Don't fail to mail this letter.	不要忘了寄這封信
I have too many things on my mind these days.	这几天我脑袋里的事情太多了
I went fishing last Monday.	上个周一我去钓鱼了
I vaguely remember meeting him.	我依稀記得見過他
That thought crossed my mind.	这应证了我的想法
This table takes up too much space.	這張桌子太佔空間了
The park is filled with children.	公園裡都是孩子
I lost my job and I have no money. I'm at my wit's end.	我失業又沒錢
He tried to unify the various groups.	他試著統一不同的團體
I'm shy.	我很害羞
Every rose has its thorns.	沒有不帶刺的玫瑰
It isn't possible to know everything.	全知是不可能的
Neither Tom nor Mary will do that.	湯姆和瑪麗都不會做那件事
Pass me the salt.	请给我盐
We need more food.	我們需要更多食物
Do you speak French well?	你法语说得好吗
Innocence is a beautiful thing.	纯真是一件美好的事
I'm not married to Tom.	我没跟汤姆结婚
Tom shaves three times a week.	湯姆每週刮臉三次
Entering the house, I tripped over the mat.	进家门后
Someone is always on duty.	哈哈
The problem was very difficult.	這個問題非常困難
Do you have grandchildren?	您有孫子女嗎
The bus is running about ten minutes late.	公交車晚點了十分鐘
I'm reading a novel by Sidney Sheldon.	我在讀一本西德尼謝爾頓寫的小說
Every one of his songs was a hit.	他的每首歌都长期备受欢迎
Would you be able to do it?	你能做到嗎
Don't bother calling security.	别麻烦保安了
His company didn't survive the crisis.	他的公司沒有從危機中倖存
Come with us.	和我们一起来吧
I've never met him.	我從來沒有見過他
He invested his money in stocks.	他把錢投資於股票
Close your eyes.	闭上你们的眼睛
Tom is thirty years old.	汤姆今年三十岁
It's 3:30.	3	点半了
My father can swim, but my mother can't.	我父亲会游泳但我母亲不会
Turn off the light, please.	請關燈
There's no way to win.	沒有辦法贏
She took full advantage of her stay in London to improve her English.	她充分利用她住在伦敦的优势
I enjoyed talking with you this evening very much.	今晚我非常享受和你的聊天
Let me show you around our house.	讓我帶你四處看看我們的房子
It wasn't a very interesting novel.	這不是一個很有趣的小說
Tom will probably be there.	湯姆可能會去那裡
This stone is too heavy to lift.	這塊石頭太重了無法抬起來
They were only interested in selling books.	他们只对卖书有兴趣
See you tomorrow.	明天见
I bought a pair of shoes.	我買了一雙鞋子
Tokyo is the largest city in Japan.	東京是日本最大的城市
Don't tell anyone.	别跟任何人说哟
I'm able to swim.	我會游泳
I don't want to spoil the ending for you.	我不想把結局提前透露給你
He continued working all day.	他繼續工作了一整天
You won't be able to see anything without a flashlight.	沒有手電筒的話你什麼都看不到
I'll let you know when I've figured it out.	我搞明白了会告诉你
Life is full of ups and downs.	人生充滿了高低起伏
We should all sleep easier now.	我們現在都該早點睡
I'm fixing the radio that I found on my way home.	我在修理回家路上捡到的收音机
How many prefectures are there in Japan?	日本有多少個縣
I prefer red wine to white wine.	我喜歡紅葡萄酒勝過白葡萄酒
A couch potato is something that I don't want to be.	我不想成為整天泡在沙發上看電視的人
It makes no difference who I meet.	我遇見誰都無所謂
Finally, it's Friday.	終於星期五了
I have to help my mother.	我必須幫忙我母親
She may be a nurse. I am not sure.	她可能是护士
I'm under so much pressure, I just want to cry.	我壓力好大
You can't do two things at once.	你不能一心二用
Tom always gets lost if he doesn't carry a map.	汤姆每次要是不带地图的话就会迷路
Where is the problem?	哪裡有問題
What is the matter with you?	你到底怎么回事嘛
The job is half done.	這項工作已經完成了一半
Are you mad?	您生气了吗
Isn't that good enough?	那不夠好嗎
Japan is confronted with severe economic problems.	日本正面臨著嚴重的經濟問題
What's the matter with you?	你到底怎麼回事啊
Her toy was broken by her little sister.	她的玩具是被她妹妹弄壞的
How much is it?	它多貴
He got angry.	他生气了
I love music.	我爱音乐
What time are you leaving?	你什么时候走
Tom doesn't have any idea why his wife left him.	湯姆根本不明白為甚麼他的妻子離開了他
Three people were killed in the explosion.	这场爆炸中有三人丧生
She has a very open personality.	她是个很坦率的人
She sat on the bench.	她坐在長椅上
Not everyone is smiling.	不是每個人都在笑
She thought of a good solution.	她想到了一个好的解决办法
It isn't at all easy.	这一点都不容易
I've lost patience with Tom.	我对汤姆失去了耐心
English and German are two related languages.	英語和德語是兩種相關的語言
"Where is your book?" "On the desk."	「	你的書在哪
Whether the medicine will work or not is uncertain.	药物的作用还不确定
I'm really sorry about what happened last night.	我对昨天晚上发生的事情感到非常的抱歉
She grabbed him by the hand.	她抓住他的手
There's a possibility you'll have to do that.	你有可能不得不那么做
I hope that your brother is better.	我希望你弟弟好点了
Open it carefully.	小心打開
You're too modest.	你太谦虚了
I worked on the farm all day.	我整天在農場上工作
My father is a doctor.	我父亲是个大夫
See you around.	再见
It makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month.	每个月还清信用卡负债很重要
How old are your parents?	您父母多大岁数了
She went to the museum by cab.	她搭計程車到博物館
Everyone, say cheese.	所有人
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll give you a kiss.	如果你買給我冰淇淋
We used to play in the park.	我们过去常在公园玩
Your grades are better than mine.	你成绩比我好
If you sang, they'd kick you out of the bar.	如果你唱歌了
I tried to hit Tom, but he ducked.	我要去打汤姆
He may come and see us tonight.	他今天晚上可能來看我們
He kicked the ball.	他踢了那顆球
The earthworm wriggled when I touched it.	我碰蚯蚓的时候
What's your phone number?	你电话号码是多少
Tom is a rabbi.	汤姆是个拉比
Both Tom and Mary can speak French.	汤姆和玛丽两个人都会说法语
It really works.	真的有用
I had to abstain from smoking while I was in the hospital.	在医院的时候
You should put safety before everything else.	你應該把安全放在其他一切之上
The red flag indicated the presence of danger.	红旗代表存在危险
She has had to stay here.	她不得不待在这儿
I work here.	我在這裡工作
Suddenly, it started to rain.	突然開始下雨
I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.	对不起
In case it rains, I won't go.	萬一下雨
I am sure that he will succeed.	我肯定他会成功的
The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived.	消防车到达之前
Don't try my patience.	別挑戰我的耐心
Strike while the iron is hot.	打鐵趁熱
He had a hungry look.	他面有飢色
What do you want to be?	您想成为什么
She must have taken the wrong bus.	她一定是搭錯了公車
By the year 2020, the population of our city will have doubled.	在
She says she will call you later.	她說她晚一點會打電話給你
The teacher has a great influence on his pupils.	这个教授对他的学生有很大的影响力
There's something strange going on.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
I thought that, too.	我也是這麼想的
She began crying.	她开始哭泣
We are both in the same class.	我們兩個同班
Hold on.	坚持
He showed me the manuscript of his new play.	他给我看了他最新剧的底稿
I was about to go look for you.	我剛才正要找你
You shouldn't wait here.	你不應該在這裡等
I gave it to the little boy.	我把它給這個小男孩
He doesn't have any knowledge about American democracy.	他一点都不知道美国的民主
I had to change clothes because what I was wearing wasn't appropriate for the situation.	我必须要换衣服
I couldn't agree with you more.	我再同意你不過了
My aunt gave me an album.	我姑姑給了我一本相簿
How about going for a drive?	去開車兜風怎樣
Are you and Tom working together?	你跟湯姆一起工作嗎
What exactly does Tom do?	汤姆究竟在做什么
Do we have enough food?	我们有足够的食物吗
How many things did you buy?	你買了多少東西
Tom started running towards the house.	湯姆開始向房子跑去
I hope I'm not disturbing you.	我希望没打扰到你吧
Not everyone is honest.	不是每个人都是老实的
He makes good use of his talents.	他善用他的天赋
He refused to shake hands with me.	他拒绝跟我握手
She extended her stay by five days.	她延長停留五天
I wonder if anything happened to him.	我怀疑有什么事在他身上发生了
We have plenty of time to spare.	我們還剩下很多時間
What's wrong with you?	你到底怎麼回事啊
I lost my inspiration.	我丢了我的灵感
I want more detailed information.	我要更多詳細的訊息
I don't accept it.	我不接受
He's not home.	他不在家
We'll meet again.	后会有期
They want more.	他們想要更多
He disregarded my advice.	他不顧我的忠告
I'm familiar with the author's name.	我對這位作者的名字很熟悉
You know as well as I do that Tom hates Mary.	你我都知道湯姆恨瑪麗
It has nothing to do with you.	不關你的事
My sister goes to a university.	我妹妹上大學
She looked sad.	她看上去很伤心
None of my friends drink coffee.	我的朋友都不喝咖啡
Tom bumped his head on the roof of the car.	汤姆把头撞到车顶了
He likes adventures.	他喜欢冒险
It's time for bed.	睡觉时间到了
Owing to its landmass, the Antarctic has an air temperature lower than that of the Arctic.	南極因為有大陸
We ran three kilometers.	我們跑了三公里
Greece is an old country.	希腊是个古老的国家
I am not writing a letter.	我不是正在寫信
I know that you're learning French at school.	我知道你在學校學法語
My hobby is reading comics.	我的嗜好是看漫畫書
Tom promised that he'd come, but he didn't.	湯姆答應會來
She pulled him out of the mud.	她把他从烂泥中拽出来了
I don't want to swim.	我不想游泳
The tower leaned slightly to the west.	塔有點向西邊傾斜
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.	初生之犢不畏虎
It's hard to quit smoking.	戒烟难
We elected her chairperson.	我們選她為主席
Tom returned to his hometown to visit his parents during the summer break.	汤姆在夏休回乡看望父母
Why did we fail?	我們為甚麼失敗了
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.	一鳥在手勝過二鳥在林
The simplest way is often the best way to solve a problem.	解决问题最简便的方法往往是最好的办法
Why don't you go to sleep?	你怎么不睡觉呢
Prices went up.	物價上漲
It's been a long time.	已經很長一段時間了
I like movies a lot.	我很喜歡電影
Those houses are 500 years old.	那些房子有
It is expensive to live in Japan.	生活在日本很昂貴
Father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed.	父親確定所有的燈都關了後才去睡覺
Tom left early this morning, so he should be in Boston by now.	汤姆今天早上走得很早
Tom usually doesn't make mistakes.	汤姆通常不犯错
Don't you have any feelings for me at all?	你对我完全没有感觉吗
These shoes are hers.	這些鞋是她的
Armenia is a mountainous country.	亞美尼亞是一個多山的國家
There's a basket under the table.	桌子底下有一個籃子
I'd like to reserve a single room.	我想預訂一間單人房
Why don't you rest a bit?	为什么你不休息一下
I feel like going on a trip.	我想去旅行
Good luck on your test.	考试加油
He is afraid of his own shadow.	他怕自己的影子
You're not a doctor.	您不是医生
I'm sorry that I didn't reply to you sooner.	抱歉
I am not curious.	我不好奇
She adores her older brother.	她爱慕她哥哥
I'm interested in sports.	我对运动感兴趣
I prefer apples to oranges.	相对于橙子
I love this song.	我爱这首歌
You've got a great sense of humor.	你有很好的幽默感
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be intoxicated.	汤姆告诉玛丽她应该停止假装醉酒
You are a bit fat.	你有点胖
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.	我觉得汤姆不太可能会当选
We are happy.	我們很快樂
It's rude to stare at someone.	盯著別人看是不禮貌的
My brother is an idiot.	我的兄弟是个笨蛋
My cholesterol is high.	我的胆固醇很高
For the time being, I must share this room with my friend.	眼下我不得不和我朋友同住这间房间
He sent the letter back unopened.	他把那封信原封不動寄回去了
Your tie has come undone.	你的領帶鬆了
Tom told me that Mary is leaving tomorrow.	汤姆和我说明天玛丽会离开
The reservation is already made.	预订好了
We should break up.	我们分手吧
Daddy loves to say funny things.	爹地喜歡講有趣的事
My heart's beating so fast!	我的心跳得那么快
May I share this table with you?	我可以跟你共用這張桌子嗎
What's she doing?	她在做什麼
You ought to get to work on time.	你應該準時上班
Do you have one?	你有嗎
He likes to sing in the bathtub.	他喜歡在浴缸裡唱歌
Who would want to hire Tom?	誰會想雇湯姆
He won't go on to graduate school.	他不會繼續去上研究所
As far as I know, your letter is under that book.	據我所知
We live together.	我們住在一起
A year has passed, but it's as if we saw each other only yesterday.	一年过去了
Tom happened to meet Mary at the supermarket.	汤姆在超市偶遇玛丽
My mother gets up earlier than anyone else.	妈妈起得比谁都早
Black suits you.	黑色很衬你
What does he say in his letter?	他在信上说什么
What do you advise me to do?	您建议我做什么
Some people felt that Tom's behavior was inappropriate.	一部分人感觉
He doesn't know much about Japan.	他不是很了解日本
He looks just like his mother.	他看起來就像他的母親
Were you playing tennis yesterday morning?	你昨天上午打网球了吗
Tom wished he hadn't borrowed the book from Mary.	汤姆希望他没有从玛丽那里借书
This is a very informative article.	这是篇信息量很大的文章
I'm very busy these days.	我最近很忙
This is a well-written article.	這是篇寫得很好的文章
May I have a bus schedule?	我可以有張公車的時刻表嗎
Tom loves flowers.	湯姆熱愛花卉
It will cost around 10,000 yen.	它將花費大約
I don't know if there's time.	我不知道有没有时间
Tom did it the same way I did.	汤姆按我做的办法做了
I know where he lives.	我知道他住哪儿
Tom and Mary are both wearing brown hats.	汤姆和玛丽都戴着褐色的帽子
It was cold in the infirmary.	病房里很冷
He told me to speak more slowly.	他告訴我要說慢一點
You must've been asleep.	你一定睡著了
I have to find a part-time job.	我得找一份兼職工作
Keep quiet.	保持安静
What do tigers eat?	老虎吃什么东西
She writes beautifully.	她的笔迹漂亮极了
Are you doing what you think is right?	你在做你覺得對的事嗎
We'll probably be the first ones there.	我們可能是最先到那裡的
So far, so good.	迄今
You are very brave.	你非常勇敢
I did something really stupid.	我做了很蠢的事
I don't understand its significance.	我没有领会这个意义
Don't you play tennis?	您不打网球吗
It's your turn.	輪到您了
My aunt brought me some flowers.	我阿姨給我帶來了一些花
Did you know that some foxes lived on this mountain?	你知道有些狐狸住在這座山上嗎
He's scared of that dog.	他怕那只狗
I wish I had bought a ticket for the concert.	我当初要是买音乐会的票就好了
They're special.	他们很特别
Tom is in bed with the flu.	湯姆得了流感躺在床上
Just at that time, the bus stopped.	就在那时
I want to go wherever you're going.	我想去你要去的地方
You should look after the children from time to time.	你應該偶爾照顧孩子
He is used to getting up early.	他習慣早起
This book isn't as large that one.	这本书没那本大
I can come, too.	我也能去
I was able to answer the question.	我能回答這個問題
My older sister often drinks tea with milk.	我的姐姐经常就着牛奶喝茶
There are a lot of dictionaries in the bookcase.	书架上放着很多字典
Let's eat now. I'm dying of hunger.	咱们吃吧
Problems that can be solved with money are not real problems.	錢可以解決的問題都不是問題
Ghosts exist.	鬼魂是存在的
I wish I were young.	但願我還年輕
I know what you meant.	我知道你是什么意思
All of these books are mine.	这些书都是我的
What're you after?	你想要什麼
The accident almost cost him his life.	事故差点让他丢了性命
I helped my father yesterday.	昨天我帮了我爸爸
Leave it to me.	让我来弄
You have many books.	您有很多书
You look stupid.	你看上去很傻
Both my parents are at home now.	我父母現在都在家
An earthquake can happen at any time.	地震随时都可能发生
Whether you succeed or not depends on your own efforts.	你成功与否取决于你自身的努力
Tom taught me French.	汤姆教了我法语
I will write letters to you as often as I can.	我会尽可能多给你写信的
Tom isn't a good driver.	湯姆不是一個好司機
I like cracking sunflower seeds with my teeth.	我喜欢嗑葵花籽
I don't want to hurt his feelings.	我並不想傷害他的感情
Tom has forgotten how to do that.	汤姆忘了怎么做
Help me lift the package.	帮我抬包裹
Could you do me a favor?	請你幫我一個忙好嗎
I played tennis for the first time yesterday.	昨天我第一次打了网球
Several dozen young people participated in the demonstration.	几十个年轻人参加了示威游行
Tell me when to start.	告诉我什么时候开始
Tell me about it.	跟我讲讲那件事
There were some boats on the lake.	湖上有一些船
Is there anything you want me to buy?	有什么你想让我买的吗
What time will you leave?	你什么时候离开
You'd better wait for the next bus.	你最好等下一班公車
I heard him go down the stairs.	我聽見了他下樓
Everyone admired his courage.	每個人都佩服他的勇氣
My grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he's alone.	我祖父一个人的时候
You seem to be waiting for somebody.	你看來在等人
We weren't at home yesterday evening.	昨天晚上我們不在家
You don't need to carry lunch with you.	你不需要隨身帶著午餐
He said he did not know the man, which was a lie.	他說他不認識那個男人
Tom follows orders.	汤姆服从命令
Please find me my wallet.	请帮我找一下我的钱包
He was seriously injured in the car accident.	他在车祸中受了重伤
She looked me in the eye.	她看着我的眼睛
These tools are used for building a house.	这些工具是用来造房子的
You owe me the truth.	你欠我一份真相
Whose is this bicycle?	这辆自行车是谁的
Carrots contain a lot of vitamin A.	胡蘿蔔中含有大量的維生素
My passport was stolen.	我的护照被人偷了
Will it take long to recover?	復原需要花很長的時間嗎
I'm very hungry now.	我現在非常餓
We have to stop the bleeding.	我們必須止血
Tom's house has three rooms.	Tom	的房子有三個房間
Tom got ripped off.	汤姆被宰了
Give me something to write on.	給我一些我可以在上面寫字的東西
He called in to say he could not attend the meeting.	他打電話來說他不能參加會議
Do you know why she's so angry?	你知道她為什麼這麼生氣嗎
I had an asthma attack.	我哮喘发作了
They won.	他们赢了
Are you absolutely sure?	你绝对肯定吗
Tom is a bookworm.	汤姆是只书虫
He died of lung cancer.	他死於肺癌
What you said isn't true.	你说的不是真的
I like blue.	我喜欢蓝色
No student went to the party.	没有学生去参加派对
My brother is a high school student.	我哥哥是個高中生
Sir, can we quickly inspect your luggage please?	先生
People of all ages like this song.	这首歌老少皆宜
We must deal fairly with these people.	我們必須公平地對待這些人
She hates carrots.	她討厭胡蘿蔔
We watched them play baseball.	我們看著他們打棒球
Tom was the last person Mary expected to see at John's party.	玛丽没料到会在约翰的聚会上见到汤姆
Tom is the only guy in this class.	汤姆是这个班级里唯一的男生
What're you saying?	你在说什么呢
We guarantee our products for one year.	我們保證我們的產品一年
Hasn't Tom told you anything?	汤姆什么都没告诉你吗
That's a huge challenge.	这是一个巨大的挑战
You don't have a fever.	你没发烧
I couldn't sleep.	我無法入睡
Send me a letter when you arrive.	當你到達時寄封信給我
It's started raining again.	又开始下雨了
Don't underestimate me.	别瞧不起人
We have little chance of winning.	我們獲勝的機會很少
I've never met her.	我以前从没见过她
You have lovely eyes, don't you?	你有一雙可愛的眼睛
I've deleted the app.	我删除了这个应用
I can read German, but I can't speak it.	我能看德语
I just ate sushi and drank beer.	我剛才吃了壽司喝了啤酒
Are you writing a letter?	你在写信吗
Let's go over there.	咱去那吧
Who gave them to you?	谁给了你这些东西
Not being tall isn't a disadvantage.	长不高不是坏事
Check, please.	請結帳
I'd like to go with Tom.	我想跟湯姆走
I don't know. What do you think?	我不知道
Tom enjoyed himself at the party.	汤姆在晚会玩的很开心
Don't mind me.	不要管我
I prefer to travel by air.	我寧願搭飛機旅行
Is this seat available?	这个位子空着吗
The weather was not only cold, it was also damp.	天气又冷又湿
You have beautiful eyes.	你的眼睛真漂亮
I don't really like him, in fact, I hate him.	我不太喜欢他
The movie is worth seeing at least two or three times.	这部电影至少值得看两三遍
Do you like rap?	你喜欢说唱音乐吗
How am I going to explain this?	我要怎麼解釋
Where is my seat?	我的位子在哪儿
What do you call this?	这个叫什么
Onions cook more quickly than potatoes.	洋蔥比土豆煮得更快些
You want to remain anonymous.	你想保持匿名身份
Don't you play tennis?	你不打網球嗎
You're a wonderful woman.	你是位了不起的女性
She called me many times.	她打了很多次電話給我
"You talk too much," he said.	“	你说得太多了
Most people think computers will never be able to think.	大多数人认为计算机永远不会有思考的能力
I got up about six.	我六點左右起床
I only know him by name.	我只知道他的名字
I don't remember your name.	我不记得你的名字了
This is the room where the body was found.	这就是发现尸体的房间
I understand your position perfectly.	我十分理解你的立場
Where did you see her?	你在哪儿看到了她
You look just like Tom.	你看起来就像湯姆
The policeman seized the boy by the arm.	警察抓住了那个男孩的手臂
Who was here?	谁来了这里
The early bird gets the worm.	早起的鸟儿有虫吃
My brother is a professor.	我哥哥是教授
We won't go out unless it stops raining.	除非雨停了
It's been a long time.	好久不见了
You can drive a car, can't you?	你會開車
We need to find Tom as quickly as we can.	我們要盡快找到湯姆
I don't know who to consult with.	我不知道该和谁商量好
I can see Tom.	我看得见汤姆
What would you like to eat?	你们想吃什么
I usually have breakfast at seven.	我通常七點吃早餐
Tom wants a computer small enough to easily carry.	汤姆想要个小得易于携带的电脑
The boy carved his name into the tree.	男孩把他的名字刻在树上
I think you're a lot stronger than you know.	我认为你比你想象的更强
She is certain to be surprised.	她肯定会大吃一惊的
He is about your age.	他跟您年纪差不多
I have a lot of regrets.	我觉得太遗憾了
The judge's decision is final.	法官判決定讞
No one came except Mary.	除了瑪麗沒有人來
Tom arrived here before sunrise.	汤姆天亮前就到这了
I think you're stupid.	我认为你傻
Have you ever seen Tom mad?	你有看见过汤姆生气的时候吗
Tom was fired in October.	湯姆在十月被解雇了
Can you demonstrate it?	您可以示範一下嗎
I took my temperature every six hours.	我每六小时量一次体温
She has a husband and two daughters.	她有丈夫和兩個女兒
Are you available tonight?	今晚有空嗎
He is lying through his teeth.	他明显在撒谎
Don't worry. I told you everything would be OK.	別擔心
There is no cause for worry.	这没什么好担心的
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.	我想知道为什么汤姆要我们那样做
He has already had lunch.	他已经吃过午饭了
You seem to be a little under the weather.	你看上去不太好
I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.	我会不高兴
Let me know when you need me again.	还有事需要我就告诉我
She is what we call a bookworm.	她就是所谓的书虫
I can't stand this noise any longer.	我無法再忍受這個噪音了
He knows almost nothing about that animal.	他幾乎對那個動物一無所知
What do you usually do in your spare time?	你在閒暇的時候一般做什麼
Tom told Mary he thought she was stupid.	汤姆告诉玛丽
Is Tom around?	汤姆在吗
Mary is Tom's secretary.	玛丽是汤姆的秘书
He made a journey around the world.	他環遊世界旅行
How weird!	真奇怪
There is a map on the wall.	墙上有张地图
He has three sons.	他有三个儿子
Where can I go to get a map of Europe?	去哪里可以买到欧洲的地图
Please give me a glass of water.	請給我一杯水
I asked for a table over there.	我在那裡要了一張桌子
Tom has many cats.	湯姆有很多貓
Tom likes tea better than coffee.	湯姆喜歡茶勝過咖啡
Tom doesn't write to me anymore.	汤姆不再给我写信了
This little baby tore up a 10 dollar bill.	這個小嬰孩撕掉了一張十美元的鈔票
Should I buy something for him?	我應該買些東西給他嗎
You're in big trouble.	你们有大麻烦了
Lend me your book, please.	請
I don't dare tell him such a thing.	我不敢对他说这种话
You've both been very impressive today. I'm proud of you.	今天你们俩很让人印象深刻
I must hand in the report today.	我今天必須交報告
She stayed there for a moment.	她在那裡待了一會
Tom looked pretty healthy last night.	汤姆昨晚看来很健康
I bought that car.	我買了那輛車
Which do you prefer, dogs or cats?	狗和猫你更喜欢哪一个
They are both in the room.	他们俩都在房间里
I prefer cats to dogs.	較之于狗
She wasn't able to open the bottle.	她無法打開這個瓶子
Tom wondered where Mary had learned French.	汤姆想知道玛丽在哪里学会了法语
I'd like to go to the movies.	我想去看電影
I won't allow you to do that.	我不会让你做那事
This is the most massive structure I've ever seen.	这是我所见过的最大型的构造了
She didn't like her husband drunk.	她不喜欢让自己丈夫喝醉
He became a member of this club five years ago.	他在五年前成為了這個俱樂部的成員
Tom wants to learn boxing, but his mother thinks it's too dangerous.	汤姆想学拳击
I like spring better than fall.	我喜歡春天勝過秋天
It's time to eat lunch.	午餐時間到了
Collect your thoughts before you begin your work.	工作之前先收好思绪
I need a knife.	我需要一把刀
This boy is my son.	这个男孩是我儿子
Here's the change.	这是找零
What's the name of this tune?	這首曲子叫什麼名字
Tom wanted to become a veterinarian.	那时汤姆相当一个兽医
Is he correct?	他对吗
The man you met at the station is my father.	你在车站遇到的男人是我爸爸
Tom prepared his speech very carefully.	湯姆很認真地準備他的演講
I'm super hungry.	我肚子饿极了
I don't know anything about him.	我不知道任何有關他的事
Can I help?	我可以幫忙嗎
Stay out of this.	别插手
I thought Tom was going to hurt me.	你認為湯姆要傷害我
My neck hurts.	我脖子痛
You can go.	您可以走了
I have to go to bed.	我该去睡觉了
I don't know anybody here.	我不認識這裡的任何人
The secretary was dismissed.	秘书被炒了
Can I borrow your scissors?	我能借用你的剪刀吗
I've been on vacation.	我在休假
One of the dogs is alive.	這些狗中的其中一隻是活的
Each student has a locker.	每個學生都有一櫃子
He stopped reading the newspaper.	他停止了读报
He is washing his car.	他正在洗他的车
I will never forget the day when I first met him.	我永远不会忘记那天我第一次与他见面
We go fishing once in a while.	我們偶爾去釣魚
No one's going to see us.	沒有人會看到我們
We caught some large fish there.	我們在那裡抓了一些大魚
She loves her children.	她爱她的孩子
Have you been well?	最近过得好吗
He went to the United States to study medicine.	他去美国学医了
We're worried.	我们很担心
You're the smartest person that I know.	你是我所知道的最聪明的人
I appreciate your cooperation.	我感謝您的合作
I'm folding my dress.	我在叠我的连衣裙
Mary prided herself on her beauty.	玛丽对她自己的美感到很自豪
You should have shown him the device.	你应该给他看看这装置
If he had been a little more careful, the accident would have been avoided.	如果他当时再小心一点点
The polar bears are dying.	北极熊正在死去
He accused me of having stolen his watch.	他指控我偷了他的手表
"Who is it?" "It's your mother."	“	是谁
Please turn on the radio.	請打開收音機
The parrot is dead.	那隻鸚鵡死了
I'll have to think about it.	我将考虑考虑
No comment.	禁止评论
This drink is on the house.	這種飲料是免費招待的
It goes without saying that health is important.	不用说
I should've asked Tom to help.	我本應該向湯姆求助的
How many pictures did you buy?	你買了多少張照片
Are you students?	你們是學生嗎
Here's a big map of Germany.	这儿有张德国的大地图
He is better than anyone else.	他比任何人都好
The batteries in my calculator are dead.	我計算機的電池沒電了
I wish I could go.	我希望我可以去
I've met so many new people.	我遇到了許多以前沒見過的人
I think you should get more rest.	我觉得你应该多休息一会儿
Is the water in the Black Sea actually black?	黑海里的水事实上是黑的吗
A dolphin is a kind of mammal.	海豚是一種哺乳動物
Where is the mailbox?	郵箱在哪裡
She says he will not give up smoking.	她說他不會戒煙
Take it.	拿走吧
Every morning she helps her mother to prepare breakfast in the kitchen.	她每天早上都帮母亲在厨房准备早餐
Are you looking for work?	你是在找工作吗
She should have arrived home by now.	她现在应该已经到家了
What time does it open?	什么时候开门
Tom doesn't like to wear a watch.	汤姆不喜欢戴手表
I'll phone you later.	我晚点打给你
I have seen the film before.	我已经看过这部电影了
I don't think you need to change.	我不認為你該改變
I will show you some pictures.	我會讓你看照片
Who wrote these stories?	誰寫了這些故事
He ate all of it.	他全吃光了
They are about the same age.	他们年龄相仿
I think I lost my keys.	我觉得我把钥匙丢了
Sorry, I don't have any money.	抱歉
I retired last year.	我去年退休了
We do what we want to do.	我們做我們想做的
The food is cold.	這食物是冷的
This will keep you warm.	这个能保暖
I am sorry. I am not from here.	抱歉
We're going to do that right away.	我們馬上就去做
Everyone deserves a second chance.	每個人都值得被給予第二次機會
For quantities of 20 or more, we can allow you a special discount of 10% on the prices quoted.	20	个以上九折特惠
Tom doesn't know what he should do.	湯姆不知所措
It is especially hot today.	今天特別熱
I also had a very good time.	我也过得很愉快
This dog eats almost anything.	這隻狗幾乎吃任何東西
She showed her album to me.	她給我看她的相簿
Tom is serving a life sentence.	汤姆正在服无期徒刑
This is a fake.	这是一个伪造品
I will badly miss you if you leave Japan.	如果你离开日本
I've got more books than I can read.	我拥有的书比我能读的书多
Don't leave me alone, please.	拜托
Tom is ecstatic.	汤姆兴奋不已
Tom ran out of matches so he couldn't light the fire.	汤姆用尽了火柴
When is your bedtime?	你什么时候睡觉
I am Finnish, but I speak also Swedish.	我是芬兰人
We ate curry rice last night.	我們昨晚吃了咖哩飯
Do you have change for a dollar?	你有零錢換一元美金嗎
Tom was too scared to say anything.	汤姆吓得说不出话
I wish I could live near your house.	我希望住在你家附近
Tom lived in Japan for ten years.	湯姆住在日本十年了
I've missed another chance.	我又失去了一次机会
Dead men tell no tales.	死人不會告密
I'm going to be a millionaire.	我就要成为百万富翁了
I am sneezing.	我打喷嚏了
If you get sleepy, just tell me.	困了的话就说哦
He runs a supermarket in the town.	他在這個鎮上經營一家超級市場
My father retired at the age of 65.	我的父亲
Smoking is bad for your health.	吸煙對你的健康不好
I played tennis.	我打網球了
You might want to discuss it with Tom.	你或许想和汤姆讨论一下
You must do it.	你必須去做
He's three years older than she is.	他比她大三岁
I took off my wig.	我摘下了假发
Don't add too much salt.	别放太多盐
You should come home before six.	你應該六點前回家
They didn't keep their promise.	他們沒有信守諾言
I'll be seeing you.	我會見到你
Who are you calling stupid?	说谁笨蛋呢
I can see the light.	我能看到光線
He married an air hostess.	他娶了一个空姐
I missed the last train.	我錯過了最後一班火車
Tom told me he had a right to see it.	汤姆告诉我他有权看它
Tom just shook his head.	汤姆只是摇摇头
You don't have to go unless you want to.	你不想去就别去
That's my favorite part.	那是我最喜歡的部分
It's already nine o'clock.	已经
She took care of the children.	她照顧孩子
Did the police find any fingerprints?	警察找到指纹了吗
Tom sold Mary his car.	汤姆把他的汽车卖给了玛丽
Our classroom is very small.	我们的教室非常小
This is what Tom would want me to do.	這就是湯姆想讓我做的
She fumbled with a piece of paper.	她摸索著一張紙
Some of the essays are very interesting.	這些文章中有一些非常有趣
I was wrong.	我搞错了
Do you want anything?	你想要什麼嗎
Anybody would be better than nobody.	不管是谁总比没人好
I love the sound of children laughing.	我喜歡孩子們笑的聲音
She complained that my salary was low.	她抱怨我的薪水很低
He is playing music.	他在演奏音樂
To be very honest with you, I don't think I can do that.	和你说句实话
Could you come and see me tomorrow?	你明天可以來看我嗎
They come from the south of France.	他们是从法国南部来的
Who is that woman holding the flowers?	那个拿着花的女人是谁
Science begins when you ask why and how.	為何如何
I live in this area.	我住在这区
There's no one in the room.	沒有人在房間裡
How are you doing in school?	学校怎么样
I invited him to the party and he accepted.	我邀请他去派对
Where are you from?	你從哪裡來
He thinks that he is a great poet.	他自认为他自己是个伟大的诗人
I can't remember.	我想不起來
The water turned to ice.	水结成冰了
I wish we could spend more time together.	我希望我们有更多时间呆在一起
You can go anywhere you want.	你可以去任何你想去的地方
She fooled him.	她骗了他
Mary asked her son to behave himself.	瑪麗要求她的兒子守規矩
That wasn't what I intended.	那不是我的本意
Tom didn't tell me his secret.	湯姆沒有告訴我他的祕密
Birds build nests.	鸟儿筑巢
I've done enough already.	我已经做够了
The whole country was covered in snow.	整个国家被大雪覆盖了
Tom should be here soon.	汤姆应该很快就到
I hope that is not the case.	我希望事情並非如此
People can easily tell the difference between them.	人們可以很容易地看出其中的差別
Please turn out the lights.	请关灯
It's fun to learn slang words in foreign languages.	学习外语里的俚语很有趣
It's foggy out.	外面起霧了
Life is very hard.	人生良苦
If it were not for your help, I could not succeed.	沒有你的幫忙
He invited me to dinner.	他邀請我吃晚飯
A baby is sleeping in the cradle.	一個嬰兒在搖籃裡睡覺
You weren't here then.	你那時不在這裡
Tom said he's glad Mary has finally graduated.	湯姆說他很高興瑪麗畢業了
It's a quarter to three.	現在是兩點四十五分
India gained independence from Britain in 1947.	印度於
Theory and practice should go hand in hand.	理论得联系实际
Tom asked Mary some questions, but she refused to answer them.	汤姆问了玛丽一些问题
He plays golf two or three times a month.	他一个月玩两到三次高尔夫
He went to Nagoya on business.	他到名古屋洽談業務
She got on the subway at Ginza.	她在銀座搭乘了地鐵
I have been a teacher for 15 years.	我當老師已經
Wires are used to convey electricity.	電線被用來運送電力
Tom doesn't know where Mary lives.	汤姆不知道玛丽住在哪里
This question is very simple.	这个问题很简单
Where was it published?	它发表在哪里
The defendant will appeal to a higher court.	被告会向上级法院上诉
I don't worry so much about my resume.	我對自己的履歷不那麼在意
She keeps a parrot as a pet.	她養一隻鸚鵡作為寵物
Few people think so.	很少人这么认为
Children of six and above should attend school.	六岁及以上的小孩应该上学
The President refused to answer the question.	总统拒绝回答那个问题
My parents have gone to the airport to see my uncle off.	我父母去机场送我叔叔了
I was so homesick.	我很想家
There are several ways to measure speed.	测速的方法有很多
Much of London was destroyed in the seventeenth century.	倫敦許多部份在十七世紀時被摧毀
It is really time for us to go.	这真是我们该走的时候了
Tom and Mary have a daughter and a son.	Tom	和
I prefer cats to dogs.	比起狗
I admit this may not be the best way of doing it.	我承认这可能不是最好的方法
That’s actually the truth.	这倒是事实
To live without air is impossible.	沒有空氣生活是不可能的
If you do not have this program, you can download it now.	假如你没有这个程序
I collect dolls from different countries.	我收集各国的娃娃
What was it we were talking about?	我们那个时候讨论的是什么
It took me three hours to do my homework.	我花了
May I be excused from tomorrow's class?	明天的课我能不来吗
I won't see him anymore.	我不会再见他了
He is at his desk.	他在他的办公桌前
I don't think we'd have any chance of winning.	我认为我们没有机会赢
Don't be rude.	不要失礼
He lay on his back.	他仰躺
Tom looks very happy.	汤姆看起来非常开心
I finished writing the letter by noon.	我中午前寫完這封信了
Tom gained weight.	汤姆胖了
Death is like dreaming.	死亡就如同做夢一樣
Most people write about their daily life.	大部分人写的东西是关于他们的日常生活的
Do you have your student identification card?	你有學生證嗎
I was told that I don't need to do that.	有人告訴我我不用做
Should we use genetic engineering on people?	我们应该对人使用基因编辑吗
Come and dance with me.	过来和我跳舞啊
Much of what they wrote about never happened.	他們寫的很多都沒發生
His father eats there twice a week.	他爸爸一週在那裡吃兩次
I'm old enough to live by myself.	我年紀夠大了可以自己一個人住
Tom is a fluent speaker of Japanese.	湯姆日語說得很流利
This desk is mine.	這張書桌是我的
I've just spoken to your French teacher and he says you're doing well in his class.	我刚跟你的法语老师谈过话
I'm sure he will come tomorrow.	我確定他明天會來
Can you please tell me where the restaurant is?	请问您能告诉我那家餐馆在哪吗
I hate Mondays.	我讨厌星期一
Take it easy.	放輕鬆
Where're you going?	你们去哪里
Tom wouldn't like it.	湯姆不會喜歡它
I came to Japan two years ago.	我兩年前來日本
I think Tom is optimistic.	我認為湯姆樂觀
Where're Tom's things?	汤姆的东西在哪里
You must clear the table.	你必须把桌子清理干净
I'm here, too.	我也在这里
If you don't want to put on sunscreen, that's your problem. Just don't come complaining to me when you get a sunburn.	你不想涂防晒霜是你的问题
Everybody is equal before the law.	法律面前人人平等
Tom abandoned hope.	湯姆放棄了希望
I don't like hitchhiking.	我不喜欢搭便车
Which one is my toothbrush?	哪把是我的牙刷
He lost everything he owned.	他失去了他擁有的一切
I can do that for Tom.	我可以为汤姆做
That won't make any difference.	这没有任何区别
You're stepping into dangerous territory.	你進入了危險區
The movie was really good.	这部电影真的很好看
Bern is the capital of Switzerland.	伯恩是瑞士首都
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.	聚会上我和他谈得很愉快
That's your responsibility.	这是您的义务
Light the candle.	把蠟燭點燃
Rome was not built in a day.	罗马不是一天建成的
Tom didn't have enough money to pay the rent.	汤姆没有足够的钱付租金
I think he'll come.	我想他会来的吧
He'll succeed for sure.	他一定会成功
I'm kidding.	我开玩笑
Who picked you for this mission?	谁选你来做这个任务
We'll stay quiet.	我們會保持安靜
It's been an amazing experience.	这是奇妙的体验
This is never going to end.	這個永遠結束不了
Everyone is waiting for Tom.	每個人都在等湯姆
How about eating out this evening for a change?	你说今晚改变一下
You always work hard.	你一直努力工作
Here's how we do it.	以下是我们怎么做的
Tom said that he thought that would probably never happen.	汤姆说他觉得那可能永远不会发生了
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.	天使畏懼處
He is absent from school today.	他今天沒上學
It's not funny.	这不好笑
The kids are picking flowers in the garden.	孩子们正在花园里摘花
I'm a little bit concerned.	我有点担心
Tom lacks flexibility.	汤姆缺乏灵活性
He tried to speak French to us.	他試著跟我們講法語
Tom was afraid of you.	湯姆怕你
I no longer love Tom.	我不再愛湯姆了
I heard it on the radio.	我從收音機聽到它
It would be wonderful if you could sing at our wedding.	你能在我们的婚礼上唱歌就太好了
How did you come by this money?	用這些錢你怎麼來的
I have a bad headache today.	今天我头痛欲裂
He may be able to come tomorrow.	他也許明天能來
That's not my job.	这不是我的工作
This piano has probably not been tuned for years.	这台琴应该好多年没调过音了
I can't do it.	我做不到
I made a few changes.	我做了点改动
He likes playing soccer.	他喜歡踢足球
It's much more convenient.	这方便得多了
I can't tell a frog from a toad.	我无法区分青蛙和蟾蜍
Is Tom there already?	汤姆已经在那里了吗
You have a really good sense of direction.	你的方向感很好
Would you mind opening the window?	你介意打開窗戶嗎
Don't pry into my private life.	不要插手我的私生活
That one is really good.	那個真好
How much will it be?	多少錢
I don't know who he is.	我不知道他是谁
Can you take Tom to the hospital?	您能带汤姆上医院吗
You should seriously consider working here.	你应该认真考虑在这里工作的事
She looks a lot like her mother.	她非常像她的母亲
Tom is the head of the company in name only. His son makes all the important decisions.	汤姆名义上市公司的领导
I'm sorry that I've kept you waiting so long.	让您等了很久
I am tall.	我个子高
This is a comfortable chair.	这是张舒服的椅子
The path zigzagged up the steep slope.	蜿蜒的小路爬上了陡坡
I think he is something of a poet.	我觉得他有几分像个诗人
Everyone knows the law.	大家都知道這個法律
I'm going to take my car.	我将去取我的车
Can you help me a little?	你能帮我一点忙吗
There are more than 4,000 languages in the world.	全世界有超过
The old church by the lake is very beautiful.	河边的老教堂很漂亮
Have you finished writing the letter yet?	你信寫完了嗎
I'm an optimist by nature.	我天生是一個樂觀主義者
He's a good person.	他是个好人
I got acquainted with him last night.	我昨晚認識了他
Take care of yourself.	照顾好自己
Salmon lay their eggs in fresh water.	鲑鱼在淡水中产卵
It's hot today, isn't it?	今天很熱
Tom complains all the time.	汤姆老是发牢骚
The light was on.	灯亮着
Mary is tall.	瑪麗很高
Everybody except Tom knew he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
The tourists were fascinated with the exquisite scenery.	觀光客被獨特的景致所吸引
I saw an old woman cross the street.	我看见一个老太太穿过了马路
You'd better wait until the police come.	你最好等到警察前来
He always left the problem of his children's education to his wife.	他總是把孩子的教育問題留給他的妻子
I remember now.	现在我想起来了
Where did you go last Sunday?	上周日你去哪儿了
I didn't pay attention to what they were saying.	他们说了什么
Is that the railroad station?	这是火车站吗
All you have to do is push this button to take a picture.	你要做的就是按这个按钮拍照
The United States borders Canada.	美国与加拿大相邻
Soccer is my favorite sport.	足球是我最喜欢的运动
Tom didn't sound too worried.	湯姆聽起來不太擔心
How long will the meeting last?	會議持續多久
Tom hasn't yet talked to Mary about that.	汤姆还没跟玛丽谈那事
That's why I called you.	所以我給你打了電話
Tom isn't wrong.	湯姆沒有錯
Will you go on foot or by bus?	你要用走的還是搭公車
I'll fight to the death.	我会战斗至死
Would you like something to drink?	你想要什么喝的吗
Where is the bathroom?	洗手間在哪裡
You've got to be joking!	你一定是开玩笑
I'm afraid to go alone.	我害怕一個人去
I was absent from the party.	我沒去派對
I want you to work harder.	我希望你更加努力地工作
Bring me today's paper, please.	請幫我把今天的報紙帶來
I need a towel.	我需要一塊毛巾
You can stay here till the snow stops.	你可以在這裡等到雪停
Who took the money?	誰拿了錢
Many workers were trapped in the coal mine.	有很多工人被困在煤矿里了
I wish I were taller.	我希望我比較高
Who is she?	她是谁
I lost my way in the woods.	我在树林里迷路了
He is absorbed in the study of linguistics.	他沉迷于语言学的研究
It's up to you whether to buy it or not.	买不买由你决定
I'm fine now.	已经没事了
How long do you plan on staying in this country?	你打算在这个国家待多久
Will you hold this seat for me?	您能給我留這個座嗎
I just can't take it anymore.	我真的受不了了
Shouting at your computer will not help.	對你的電腦吼一點幫助也沒有
Academic fraud is more common than you might think.	学术造假比你想象的普遍
I suggest we drink as little as possible to be polite.	我建议
That was a disaster.	那是災難
I don't think I like this game very much.	我觉得我不太喜欢这游戏
Dozens of young people attended the demonstration.	几十个年轻人参加了示威游行
We accept all major credit cards.	我們接受所有主要的信用卡
It isn't necessary for us to attend the meeting.	我們沒有必要參加會議
You remember it better than I do.	你比我记得好
Agriculture consumes a great amount of water.	农业需要消耗的大量的水
The dog growled at a little boy.	這隻狗對著一個小男孩咆哮
I wish Tom were my younger brother.	我希望湯姆是我的弟弟
Her skin is whiter than snow.	她的皮肤比雪还白
Please come in.	請進來
You owe me a favor.	你欠我一个人情
She's almost the same height as you.	她差不多和你一样高
The rain prevented me from going out.	下雨使我无法出门
I did not expect it to be that big.	我没想到它有那么大
This pear smells nice.	这只梨闻上去很香
I'm still your friend.	我还是你的朋友
She will be seventeen next year.	她明年將滿十七歲
I can comfort her.	我可以安慰她
Tom told me that he won't come to school tomorrow.	汤姆告诉我他明天不来上学
Her house is at the foot of a mountain.	她家在一座山的山脚下
You can use my car if you like.	如果你喜歡你可以用我的車
Try it once again.	再試一次
I'm behind him.	我在他後面
Bring him to me.	把他给我带过来
This novel is too difficult for me to read.	這本小說對我來說太難讀了
Knowledge is power.	知識就是力量
Few people know how to do it.	很少有人知道怎么做
She took care of the children.	她照顧孩子們
An elephant has a long nose.	大象有長鼻子
Tom's delighted.	汤姆兴奋不已
It's not something that anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
I forgot to attach a stamp to the envelope.	我忘记在信封上贴邮票了
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as Mary.	湯姆可能不知道如何像瑪麗一樣做得好
I almost always play baseball after school.	我幾乎總是在放學後打棒球
They eat dinner at twelve o'clock.	他們在
This city is cold and lonely without you.	没有你这个城市孤单又冷清
Were you expecting to win?	你打算赢吗
The plane crash was only last week.	上個星期這架飛機墜毀了
That's clever.	好巧妙啊
I'll go with you if necessary.	如果必要的話
Will you please show me the way?	請您給我指一指路好嗎
It's a privilege to meet you.	幸会
I'm on my way back to Boston.	我在回波士顿
Tom is a very good person.	汤姆是个很好的人
Who is this person?	这个人是谁
You're not special.	您不特別
I'd like to change my reservation.	我想更改我的預訂
She abandoned her children.	她抛弃了她的孩子
Let go of my arm! I can't stand people touching me.	放開我的手臂
It's time to go to bed.	睡觉时间到了
I'm thirty years old.	我三十歲
Wait. Come back.	等等
Tom's boss was really angry.	汤姆的上司真的非常生气
I bumped into him at the station.	我在車站碰到他
The board is about two meters long.	這塊木板大約兩公尺長
The flood caused a lot of damage.	洪水造成了很大的損害
Tom got very hungry.	汤姆很饿
Nobody else offered to help.	没有其他人伸出援手
I want you.	我想要你
Let's sing the song in English.	讓我們唱英文歌曲
When did the movie start?	电影什么时候开始
You made the mistake on purpose, didn't you?	你故意犯這個錯
He refused my friend request.	他拒绝了我加好友的请求
America did away with slavery.	美國廢除了奴隸制度
I'll be taking a vacation next month.	我下個月要休假
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible to do.	她試著舉起箱子
I'm sorry that you are leaving here.	我很遺憾你要離開這裡
I've never gone fishing at night.	我从没在晚上钓过鱼
The traveler was delighted at the sight of a light in the distance.	发现了远处的灯光的旅行者欢喜不已
Have you traveled anywhere recently?	你最近去哪裡旅遊了嗎
He should have been more careful.	他本應該更小心的
I didn't recognize anyone in the room.	房子里面的人我一个也不认得
It is time for you to go to bed.	到了你该去睡觉的时候了
Do you ever study in the library?	你曾經在圖書館讀書嗎
Let's split the reward fifty-fifty.	讓我們平分這個報酬吧
It's not that simple.	它沒有那麼簡單
I actually didn't say that.	我其實沒那麼說
I'm talking about my friend.	我在談我的朋友
I found a good Mexican restaurant.	我发现一家很好的墨西哥餐厅
Your second button is coming off.	你的第二顆鈕扣快掉了
How long have you been abroad?	你在國外多久了
The offer is too good to be turned down.	此提議好得令人難以拒絕
We're neighbors.	我們是鄰居
Do I sound like I'm in love?	聽起來像是我戀愛了嗎
Go away!	走開
This is the man who's suspected by the police.	这是被警察认为有嫌疑的男子
Please stop fighting.	請您們別再吵了
You can keep this one for yourself.	你可以把這個保留給自己
Your room is big.	你们的房间很大
Let's get together again next year.	讓我們明年再相聚
Do you have a temperature?	你發燒了嗎
She has plenty of books.	她有大量的書
Tom isn't unhappy.	汤姆不是不高兴
Do you believe in ghosts?	你相信有幽灵吗
How lovely!	多可爱啊
I got scolded severely by that teacher.	我被那位老師嚴厲斥責了
Your dress is very nice.	你的穿著非常好
The evidence is clear.	证据确凿了
Tom said that he'd never been to Boston.	汤姆说他从来没去过波士顿
He knows many people.	他认识很多人
I bought this watch at the store.	我在這家店買了這支手錶
Isn't it black?	它不是黑色的嗎
I'll never forget what you told me.	我將永遠不會忘記你告訴過我的話
Not everybody wants to be an artist.	不是每个人都想成为艺术家
I'll see you next month.	我下個月會來看你
Was this letter written by Mary?	这封信是玛丽写的吗
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden.	斯德哥爾摩是瑞典的首都
Tom seems to hardly ever get his homework done on time.	Tom	似乎没办法准时完成他的作业
He has a lot of money.	他有很多钱
A woman visited us while you were sleeping.	您睡觉的时候
What do we want?	我們要什麼
I saw him looking at me.	我看見他在看我
Tom is a little boy.	汤姆是个小男孩
Our supplies are running out.	我们的供给要用完了
I think you're going to want to sit down.	我觉得你想坐下
What are you girls doing?	你們這些姑娘在做甚麼
Why should it be different?	为什么它应该要变得不一样
You seem to ask Tom a lot of questions.	你看來問了湯姆很多問題
I'm cold.	我冷
Were you at school at that time?	那時你在學校嗎
I like winter better than summer.	我喜歡冬天勝過夏天
She always believes me.	她一直都相信我
Tom is your buddy.	湯姆是你的兄弟
I'm so happy.	我好高興
What do you like doing in your free time?	您空闲时间喜欢做什么
We can rest.	我们可以休息
You didn't need to buy the book.	你沒有必要買這本書
We don't have time.	我们没时间
That boy is running.	那个男孩在跑步
Tom was admiring my new car at the time the truck crashed into it.	在湯姆欣賞我的新車的同時
If it rains tomorrow, we'll stay at home.	如果明天下雨
They failed the exam.	他們考試失敗了
Has something good happened?	發生了什麼好事嗎
I found the field trip very educational.	我發現實地考察很有教育意義
How did you get to know each other?	你们是怎么互相认识的
I want to tell Mary I love her.	我想告诉玛丽
She worked hard.	她努力地工作
I have nothing to do with the affair.	我跟這件事無關
Wait till the light turns green.	等到指示燈變成綠色
Would you like some more cake?	你想再來些蛋糕嗎
I'll think it over.	我會考慮一下
He lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.	他住在東京郊區
We celebrate Christmas every year.	我們每年都慶祝聖誕節
We have a big supermarket.	我們有一個大超市
Tom put his keys in his pocket.	湯姆把鑰匙放在口袋裡
She made a good speech.	她做了場好講演
I might have forgotten the key.	我可能把钥匙忘了
We traveled all over the country.	我們遊遍全國各地
I'm surprised that your family has a Japanese car.	我很惊讶
Tom wanted to say goodbye.	汤姆想说声再见
People need to stop hating.	人们需要止住仇恨
Nobody cares what I think.	沒人關心我想什麽
She's about the same age as me.	她大約跟我同年紀
My first day in the university was rather boring.	我大学里的第一天相当没意思
The fox and the bear lived together.	這隻狐狸和這隻熊一起生活了
Come with me now.	现在就跟我来
As the train came to a halt, all of the passengers wondered what was happening.	当列车停止时
The first thing you have to take into consideration is time.	你应该考虑的第一件事是时间
He will be busy tomorrow.	他明天會很忙
You look just like your big brother.	你和你哥哥长得一模一样
Tom said Mary was asleep.	汤姆说玛丽在睡觉
I was very confused by his questions.	我對他的問題感到很困惑
The eight o'clock bus was early today.	8	点那班车今天早到了
Have you ever tried scuba diving?	你曾試過用水肺潛水嗎
The project was a great success.	該計劃是一個大成功
I know that he was busy.	我知道他忙
I wonder why karaoke is so popular.	我不知道為什麼卡拉
Tom is more famous than you.	湯姆比你有名氣
Tom was trying hard not to laugh out loud.	汤姆拼命地忍住笑声
Please take off your shoes.	請脫掉你的鞋子
I will be with you tonight.	今晚我將與你在一起
Is the room big enough for you?	這間房間對你來說夠大嗎
I love you, too.	我也愛你
The teacher assembled the students in the hall.	老師在禮堂把學生們集合起來
I dialed Tom's number.	我拨打了
He is afraid of getting lung cancer.	他怕得到肺癌
I bought an old lamp.	我买了一盏很旧的灯
President Lincoln was what we call a self-made man.	林肯總統就是我們所謂白手起家的男人
You may leave your bag here.	你可以把你的袋子留在這裡
I didn't sell Tom my car.	我没把我的车卖给汤姆
What's wrong with that?	那有什么不好
A few years ago, our room had little furniture in it.	幾年前
Would you mind if I used your car?	如果用了你的車
I'm a stranger here myself. I'm afraid I can't help you.	我對這裡不熟
The baby started crying.	宝宝开始哭了
What are you doing at school this afternoon?	你们今天下午在学校做些什么
Tom is going out this afternoon with Mary.	今天下午汤姆和玛丽会一起出去
What time do you open?	你们什么时候开始营业
I've not seen him in a long time.	我好久不见他了
We have almost finished our work.	我們幾乎完成了我們的工作
After I cleaned the window, I could see through it clearly.	清潔窗戶後
It's a surprise.	这是一个惊喜
She told me once and for all that she did not want to see me again.	她一劳永逸地告诉我
My family goes skiing every winter.	我的家人每年冬天去滑雪
Thanks for the comment.	谢谢您的评论
Take your hats off.	把你们的帽子摘下来
He has been to many places.	他去过很多地方
The river's on the other side of the hill.	河在山丘的另一端
The sky cleared up soon after the storm.	风暴之后不久
They love each other.	他們彼此相愛
He was an intelligent and practical man.	他是聪明能干的人
He was laughed at by his friends.	他被他的朋友嘲笑了
There are three of us.	我們是三個人
You didn't protect me.	你没有保护我
How do I get to Chinatown?	我該怎麼去唐人街
I know a lot about ships.	我知道很多關於船的知識
He decided to quit smoking.	他決定戒菸了
We weren't making fun of you.	我們没有笑話你
He said that he gets up at 6 o'clock every day.	他说他每天早上六点起床
Where's your bag?	你的包在哪裡
Winds from the sea are moist.	从海洋吹来的风感觉湿漉漉的
The cab driver wasn't seriously injured.	出租车司机没有受重伤
He had his sister help him paint the wall of his room.	他让妹妹帮他涂他房间的墙
Tom has two children.	Tom	有兩個孩子
Could you tell me what I have to do?	你能告诉我该怎么做吗
I'm the one who has to do this.	我是必須去做這事的人
I don't believe Tom's version of the story.	我不相信汤姆的说法
Who'll be elected chairman?	谁将当选主席呢
She likes Russian pop.	她喜欢听俄罗斯流行音乐
Since I had a cold, I didn't go visit him.	我没有拜访他
Have you already bought the tickets?	你已经买了票吗
Tom is a little drunk, isn't he?	汤姆是不是有点醉了
She had the decency to apologize.	她大方地道歉
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive.	我母亲有驾照
There's somebody who wants to meet you.	有一个人想见你
Should I go to college?	我該上大學嗎
Keep going straight.	繼續直行
Fire is always dangerous.	火總是危險的
You'd better do what they say.	你最好照他們所說的做
We were able to catch the last train.	我们能赶上最后一班火车
How is everybody doing?	大家好嗎
He is older than she is by three years.	他比她大三岁
She must be over eighty.	她肯定超过
Are you okay?	你没事吧
I haven't done that since high school.	高中毕业之后我就没那样做过了
I can't find my shoes.	我找不到我的鞋子
I sometimes watch TV.	我有時看電視
This juice tastes sour.	這個果汁喝起來酸酸的
This is the nicest present I've ever received.	这是我得到过的最好的礼物
You're very talkative, aren't you?	你很健谈
Don't do anything you'll regret.	不要做任何会让你后悔的事
He reads a great deal.	他读很多书
I'm satisfied with my work.	我很滿意我的工作
Tom knows nothing about the situation.	汤姆对局势一无所知
I call on him every other day.	我每隔一天拜訪他
We are staying at our uncle's.	我们待在舅舅家
Every cloud has a silver lining.	山窮水盡疑無路
They would never meet again.	他们不会再见面了
What's the weather like today?	今天天气怎么样
He is my youngest brother.	他是我最年轻的兄弟
There are more girls than boys at our school.	在我們學校裡女孩比男孩多
Wake up!	醒醒
Tom didn't wear jeans yesterday.	湯姆昨天沒穿牛仔褲
Are you hungry?	你肚子饿吗
Do you want something to drink?	你想要什么喝的吗
I told Tom I was OK.	我对汤姆说我很好
I hate my computer.	我讨厌我的电脑
I accepted the offer.	我接受了报价
Sunday is not a workday for me.	星期天不是我的工作日
Did you see a brown wallet around here?	你在附近看见过一只咖啡色的钱包吗
Tom tried to return the swimsuit for a larger size, but the clerk told him that wasn't allowed.	汤姆试过还回泳衣来换成更大一号的
Is this your first visit to Japan?	這是你第一次到日本嗎
He threatened to make it public.	他威胁要公开
What time will you have breakfast?	你什麼時候吃早餐
Have you read today's paper yet?	你看過今天的報紙了嗎
How's everyone?	大家好嗎
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother.	湯姆叔叔是我媽媽的兄弟
That's good, isn't it?	那太好了
Call me at six tomorrow morning.	明天早上
A cup of tea, please.	请给我一杯茶
Hey, what are you doing here?	嘿
Why are you angry?	你为什么生气
Give me three pieces of salmon.	給我三片鮭魚肉
I was kicked out of high school.	我被高中退學了
I can't thank you enough.	我無法表達我對你的感謝
Everyone in the town knows about it.	鎮上的每個人都知道它
Are you busy?	您在忙吗
Many workers were laid off at that plant.	那个工厂开除了很多工人
This isn't the type that I like.	这不是我喜欢的类型
They moved here three years ago.	他們三年前搬到了這裡
I don't think Tom understands what's going on.	我不認為湯姆知道正在發生甚麼
Your answer is correct.	您的答案是正確的
We are traveling on a tight budget.	我們很節省地旅行
We can change if we want to.	如果我们想
Tom became blind.	汤姆失明了
They live in a rented house.	他们住在出租屋里
I don't understand much about it.	这里面我有很多不懂的
I'm as hungry as a horse.	我餓得像匹馬
Do you think animals have a soul?	你认为动物有灵魂吗
Are you saying that you give up?	你是说你放弃了吗
The police didn't find any clues.	警方沒有發現任何線索
They had their houses destroyed by a strong earthquake.	他們的房屋被強烈地震摧毀了
This is difficult to believe.	這讓人難以置信
They were both drunk.	他們兩個都喝醉了
How long is your spring vacation?	你春假放多久
That meal was simply divine.	那頓飯簡直好極了
All plants need water and light.	所有的植物都需要陽光和水
Tom wrote the report all by himself.	湯姆全靠自己寫報告
You can swim, can't you?	你會游泳
I thought she was going to kill me.	我認為她要殺我
Listen, I've got to run.	听着
It is more blessed to give than to receive.	赠与比接受更让人觉得幸福
Tom had trouble standing up.	汤姆站立困难
I'm thinking the same thing.	我也是這麼想的
She can play the drum.	她會打鼓
I work every day but Sunday.	我除了星期天外每天都上班
It's not necessary for us to attend the meeting.	我們沒有必要參加會議
I want you to relax.	我要你放鬆一下
She knows me.	她认识我
Tom said that he's considered quitting his job.	汤姆说他考虑辞职
Tom comes home almost every weekend.	湯姆幾乎每個週末都回家
My house is your house.	我家就是你家
Has he arrived yet?	他到了吗
It's not mine.	不是我的
She was holding a small parasol in her hand.	她手里握着一把小阳伞
I will finish it by tomorrow afternoon.	明天下午之前我会把它完成
He made friends with her in America.	他與她在美國成為朋友
He's three years older than me.	他比我大三歲
I can't stand his arrogance.	我不能忍受他的傲慢
What are you punishing them for?	你為什麼懲罰他們
Tom already has a plan.	汤姆已经有个计划
What's your favorite nursery rhyme?	你最喜歡的兒童歌曲是哪首
Those men are speaking French.	那些人在说法语
Tom clapped his hands.	湯姆拍了手
We've got to start thinking about recycling.	我們必須開始考慮回收
Can I have something to eat?	我能些吃的東西嗎
How about taking a rest?	休息一下怎麼樣
I thought that Tom would be worried.	我以为汤姆会感到担心
I've had a good sleep.	我睡得很好
I should've declined.	我本应婉拒
He does not have any friends.	他一个朋友都没有
The train has already gone.	列车已经出发
Have you finished your homework?	你做完作業了嗎
Why aren't you coming with us?	你为什么不和我们一起来
Tom has no siblings.	Tom	沒有兄弟姊妹
Your answer is right.	你的答案是正確的
I only took a bite of bread.	我仅仅吃了口面包
I was happy to see him.	我很高兴见到他
Tom needs to stay behind.	汤姆必须留下
You aren't kids anymore.	你們不再是小孩了
Tom and Mary are studying together in the library.	湯姆和瑪麗在圖書館一起學習
My mother happened to be there when the fire broke out.	着火的时候我妈妈恰好在那
The cat got through the hedge.	貓從樹籬穿過去
This car was so cheap that he could afford it.	這車便宜得讓他能買得起
I crossed the river by boat.	我乘船过了河
Where do you want to go?	你們要去哪裡
I'm Tom's grandfather.	我是
The cause of the fire was unknown.	火災的原因不明
Why am I still here?	为什么我还在这里
This is the most wonderful present I have ever received.	這是我收過最好的禮物了
It is said the house is haunted.	据说这房子是个鬼屋
Don't touch it.	別碰它
You're not even listening.	你就没在听
I filled up the vase with water.	我倒水進去花瓶裡
She wants to attend the party.	她想參加這個派對
Let me see that.	讓我看看
Tom didn't know what he'd done was against the rules.	汤姆不知道他的所作所为违反了规则
I want to live here.	我想住在这里
I have a bad toothache.	我牙痛得厲害
The radio is too loud. Can't you turn it down a little?	收音机太响了
It's confidential.	这是机密
Tom is so hot.	汤姆非常性感
Why did you quit?	你為什麼辭職
I didn't know about your plan.	我不知道你的計畫
He collected bits of information.	他收集了一些訊息
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.	生活就是當你忙著進行你的計劃時總有其他的事情發生
I like to study foreign languages.	我喜欢学习外语
Tom wanted to know if Mary had a boyfriend.	汤姆想知道玛丽是否有男朋友
I wish I could help you.	但願我可以幫助你
I don't know any blind men.	我不认识任何一个盲人
She is not always happy.	她不總是高興
Why didn't Tom need to go to Boston?	为什么汤姆不需要去波士顿
Please give me a blanket.	請給我送一塊毯子
Monday is Tom's thirtieth birthday.	星期一是
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.	她被要求去说服他以让他或者他的儿子或者是别的人来粉刷屋子
Are you afraid of being fired?	你害怕被解雇吗
Would you like another cup of tea?	你想再要杯茶吗
When I was young, I used to climb trees a lot.	我年輕時經常爬樹
"He'd like to have a coffee after work." "I would too."	"	他想在下班後喝杯咖啡
I'm still a beginner.	我还是个新手
There's no time to tell you everything you need to know.	没时间告诉你一切你需要知道的事情
I'd better get back home.	我回家比较好
I understand how to solve the problem.	我知道怎么解决这个问题
This school was founded in 1650.	这所学校建于
It's a very sad story.	这是一个非常悲伤的故事
I will come with you.	我會和你一起去
Don't shout at me.	別對著我吼
What's not necessary?	什麼是不必要的
These scissors don't cut well.	这把剪刀剪不好
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.	我想知道汤姆为什么要我们那样做
In the U.S., most people can vote when they reach eighteen years of age.	在美国
It's our duty to obey the law.	遵守法律是我們的義務
I made Tom eat it.	我让汤姆吃它
Do you know each other?	你们认识吗
It's wrong to deceive people, but worse to deceive yourself.	欺騙別人是錯的
I can't remember his name.	我不記得他的名字
Does anybody have a pencil?	有谁有铅笔吗
My brother lives in a small village.	我的兄弟住在一個小村莊裡
You are free to go.	你可以走了
In the end, we ended up eating at that shabby restaurant.	结果
If you bite me, I'll bite you back.	如果你咬我
The ships reached port.	船进港了
He divided one million dollars among his five sons.	他把一百万美元分给他五个儿子
We have a 20% share of the market.	我们的市场占有率为
She bought two pairs of socks.	她買了兩雙襪子
When did you begin studying English?	你们什么时候开始学英语的
The twins are indistinguishable from each other.	这双胞胎没法区分
Use this.	请用这个
I'm completely exhausted.	我完全地筋疲力盡了
Tom can't find Mary.	汤姆找不到玛丽
Foreign investors withdrew their money from America.	外国投资者从美国收回他们的钱
There is no hope of his recovery.	他沒有希望痊癒了
Tom is asleep on the couch.	汤姆在长沙发上睡着了
I have no intention of resigning.	我無意辭職
I had to study hard to keep up with the other students.	我必须努力学习
You used to smoke, didn't you?	你以前吸煙
You two should get married.	你们两个应该结婚
One of them is a spy.	他們其中一人是間諜
I suggest you turn around and go back home.	我建議你轉身回家
It is out of the question for you to go to New York this weekend.	這個週末去紐約對你來說是不可能的事
I love to make people laugh.	我喜歡逗人笑
He likes to smoke in the toilet.	他喜欢在厕所里吸烟
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.	不冒險
Don't rely too much on others.	别老依赖别人
I want to keep my car there.	我想把我的車停放在那裡
This mountain is snow-covered the entire year.	这座山全年覆盖着雪
You don't know how worried I am.	你不知道我有多担心啊
They made up and became friends again.	他們和解了
Does it please you?	它令您快乐吗
Compared with yours, my car is small.	和你的车比起来
There are many beautiful parks in London.	伦敦有很多漂亮的公园
Are you coming?	你会来吗
He gave me a smile of recognition.	他給了我一個認可的微笑
How many apples do you want?	你要幾個蘋果
I've never seen such a beautiful sunset.	我从没见过那么壮丽的日落景色
Speak softly.	你说话小点声
I don't want a birthday party.	我不想要生日聚會
His behavior never ceases to surprise me.	他的所作所为总是让我惊讶
Some people like sports, and others don't.	有些人喜欢运动
Don't rush into marriage.	不要急著結婚
Can I talk to you privately for a minute?	我能跟你私下谈一分钟吗
Her hair is long and beautiful.	她的頭髮長而美麗
The crow flew away.	這隻烏鴉飛走了
"Where have you been?" "I've been to the barber's."	你去哪儿了
I'm allergic to corn.	我玉米過敏
Tom has something very important to tell Mary.	湯姆有很重要的事要告訴瑪麗
The tablecloth is in the cabinet.	桌布在櫥櫃裡
Does this letter have to be written in English?	這封信必須用英文寫嗎
I'm the captain of this ship.	我是這船的船長
Can't you lower your voice?	你不能小聲點說話嗎
The old man made out his will.	這位老先生立了他的遗嘱
She invited Tom and me to the party.	她邀請我和湯姆去派對
You're very fast.	你非常快
Let's take a rest for a while.	我们休息一会儿吧
I know that some people value my work.	我知道有些人看重我的工作
Tom broke some bones in his arm and hand.	湯姆的手臂和手斷了些骨頭
Were you happy?	你开心吗
He always tells the truth.	他總是說實話
They went on an expedition to the Antarctic.	他们出发去南极探险
We lost it.	我们失去了它
The death penalty had been done away with in many states in the USA.	死刑在美国的很多州都被废除了
Some diseases are caused by a defective gene.	一些疾病的产生原因是基因缺陷
I had no time to eat.	我没有吃饭的时间
I will show you the picture.	我会给你看图片
It would've been better if you'd stayed with Tom.	如果你和
My flight was delayed.	我的航班晚点了
According to the newspaper, he committed suicide.	據報紙上說
Publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday.	文章的发表被预定在教授生日那天
He introduced me to a pretty girl.	他把我介紹給了一個漂亮的女孩
My grandfather lived to be 90 years old.	我的祖父活到九十歲
Do you mind turning on the TV?	你介意打開電視嗎
That kind of person will fail for sure.	这种人注定惨败
I walked as far as the station.	我一直走到火車站
Tom was the only guy in the class.	汤姆是这个班级里唯一的男生
I hardly ever go to museums.	我几乎不去博物馆
How curious!	真奇怪
Tickets are on sale now.	现在售票
Parents love their children.	父母爱自己的孩子
Come on, try again.	来
Tickets are available now.	现在有票
There's something I have to say.	有些事我必須說
She made tea for me.	她给我泡了茶
Tom doesn't like soccer.	汤姆不喜欢足球
Have you ever seen Tokyo Tower?	你曾看過東京鐵塔嗎
This table is heavy.	这张桌子很重
I don't think she is happy.	我觉得她不开心
Who teaches you French?	谁教你们法语
They flunked their exams.	他們考試不及格
Rome has a lot of ancient buildings.	罗马有很多古建筑
Start at the beginning.	從頭開始
Do you have children already?	你已經有孩子了嗎
Where's the boss?	老闆在哪裡
You must take his age into account.	你该考虑他的年纪
I asked him point-blank.	我直接地問了他
We've been here before.	这里我们以前来过
He brought his lunch today.	他今天带了午饭
He failed to pass his driving test.	他沒有通過他的駕駛考試
You are not a doctor.	您不是医生
This coffee is too strong for me.	這個咖啡對我來說太濃了
You can take whatever you like.	你想拿什么就拿什么
Clean up the room.	收拾房间
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.	幼年時學的東西
Did you show it to your parents?	你給你父母看了嗎
Thanks for telling me the truth.	感谢告诉我真相
It became quiet again in the forest.	森林裡又再變得安靜下來了
I saw Liz this morning.	今天早上我看到了利茲
My parents want to meet you.	我父母想见你
I should've paid more attention.	我应该多加注意
Water evaporates when it is heated.	當水被加熱時
People of your age often have this problem.	您这个年龄的人经常有这个问题
Tom told Mary to ask John to help.	湯姆告訴瑪麗去找約翰求助
Tom continued his investigation.	湯姆繼續他的調查
How long have you worked with Tom?	你跟湯姆工作了多長時間
The boy entered by the back door.	那個男生從後門進來了
Up to now, how many books do you think you've read?	到目前为止
I'm afraid you'll have to go in person.	我恐怕您必须亲自去
There were many people at the concert.	演唱會上有許多人
It is not easy to speak English.	說英語不容易
London is famous for its fog.	倫敦以霧著名
I hope I make a good first impression.	我希望我能留下個好的第一印象
That wasn't my intent.	那不是我的本意
This computer cost three thousand dollars.	那台电脑是花三千块买的
We don't want anything from you.	我们不想从你身上要任何东西
Who do you work for?	你為誰工作
I recognised him immediately.	我马上就认出了他
I know Tom is a little worried.	我知道汤姆有点担心
I can't figure him out.	我不了解他
Some passengers complained about the service.	有些乘客抱怨服务态度不好
Do you know whose this is?	你知道这是谁的吗
I doubt that Tom will ever learn how to speak French properly.	我对汤姆要持之以恒地学习法语口语这件事很怀疑
Tom is a violin teacher.	湯姆是小提琴教師
He studies English, but he's also studying German.	他学英语
Your suggestion is worth considering.	你的提议值得考虑
"Have you seen my cell phone?" "It's on the table."	"	你有看到我的手機嗎
What time do you leave for school?	你幾點鐘去學校
You should tell him the truth.	您该告诉他真相
Sorry, I couldn't help it.	对不起
How do you view this matter?	您怎麼看這個問題
Goodbye!	告辞
He is very stingy with his money.	他非常吝啬
I don't know what I should be doing right now.	我不知道
She lost her father when she was three years old.	她父亲在她三岁时死了
I lost my luggage.	我的行李丢了
We need to leave.	我们必须走了
He made me his own assistant.	他让我做他的助理
I don't have the address with me.	我身上沒帶這個地址
I can't live without you.	沒有你我活不下去
Please feel free to ask questions.	歡迎隨時提問
If it rains tonight, I'm not going to go out.	如果今晚下雨
Hide in the closet.	你藏進櫃子裡去
She is always losing her handkerchief.	她老是弄丢她的手帕
What's your sister's dog's name?	你姐姐的狗叫什么
I am going to see him today.	今天我要去看他
It's easy to see the fireworks from over there.	从那儿很容易就能看到焰火
Aren't you free tonight?	你今天晚上沒空嗎
This flower is the most beautiful of all flowers.	这朵花是所有花中最漂亮的
You know that that's your duty.	你知道那是你的责任
A dog followed me home.	一隻狗跟隨我回家
What's your husband's name?	你丈夫叫什么
There is no salt left.	盐没了
Let me think about it.	让我想一想
I'm tired of homework.	我厭倦了功課
Both Tom and I are tired.	汤姆和我都累了
A mile is equal to about 1,600 meters.	一英里大约是
A boat suddenly appeared out of the mist.	一艘船突然从雾中出现
Tom and Mary are close friends.	Tom	和
Tom got first prize, didn't he?	湯姆得了第一名
Tom didn't have dinner last night.	湯姆昨晚沒吃晚餐
Today I feel better than I did yesterday.	我今天感覺比昨天好
Is the rain to blame?	是雨的錯
I have an umbrella in my car.	我的车里有伞
Tom swims very fast.	湯姆游泳游得非常快
There is a computer on the table.	桌子上有一臺電腦
Grab that.	抓住那个
Can you give me your phone number?	你能給我你的電話號碼嗎
Actually, I'm not suggesting anything.	實際上
I am positive that he is wrong.	我確定他是錯的
Where's my folder?	我的文件夹去哪了
I was very impressed by his story.	他的故事給我留下了很深的印象
More coffee, please.	請再給我一點咖啡
Please send it to me by fax.	请把它传真给我
I think that fact is very important.	我认为这个事实很重要
Tom takes the bus to the city.	湯姆搭公車去市區
We have no idea what to do.	我們不知道要做甚麼
Answer the question.	回答問題
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope?	你知道显微镜和望远镜的差别吗
I'm breast-feeding my baby.	我餵我的孩子母乳
Where is Tom from?	汤姆是哪里人
Where should we go?	我們應該去哪裡
He is fond of watching baseball games on TV.	他喜歡看電視上的棒球比賽
Tom was victorious.	汤姆胜利了
I know him.	我認識他
A little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success.	一點點的運氣有時會導致意想不到的成功
On this small island are two large towns and many small settlements.	這個小島上有兩座大城市及許多小村鎮
It looks as if it is going to rain.	天看起来要下雨了
She believes whatever he says.	她相信他說的任何事
What's so special about Tom?	汤姆有什么很与众不同的地方吗
Tom is waiting for Mary to come back.	汤姆正在等着玛丽回来
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.	为了参加划船比赛
I found a beautiful shell on the shore.	我在海滩上发现了一个漂亮的贝壳
Did you hear my show last night?	你听了我昨天晚上的节目吗
Speech is silver, silence is golden.	开口是银
I have not yet finished my supper.	我還沒吃完晚飯
A mouse is a timid creature.	老鼠是胆小的生物
His patience is worn out.	他的耐心已经到了极限
I am waiting for the store to open.	我正等著這家店開門
I wish you had told me that.	要是你告訴過我就好了
The lightning lit up the sky.	闪电照亮了天空
What are we having for dinner?	我们晚饭吃什么
I forgot to lock the drawer.	我忘记给抽屉上锁了
Some of my friends can speak English well.	我的一些朋友英语说得很好
Come on. I want to show you something.	来吧
Are you really from here?	你真的来自这里
He preferred working to doing nothing.	他更愿意工作而不是无所事事
He abandoned all hope.	他放弃了所有希望
You've given me good advice.	你給了我很好的建議
Are you still living with your parents?	你依然和父母住一起吗
He got a broken jaw and lost some teeth.	他磕碎了下巴
Do you want to know?	你想知道嗎
They don't like you.	他们不喜欢你
Since he is old, this task must be difficult for him.	他老了
I wonder what she really means.	我自問她真正的意思是什麼
Tom puts gas in his car twice a week.	湯姆每週幫車子加兩次油
Tom wrote two books.	汤姆写了两本书
Please help me fill out this form.	請幫我填這張表格
I really like puppies.	我非常喜欢小狗
He would often come to see us when I was a child.	當我還小的時候他常常來拜訪我們
Would you like anything to eat?	您想吃点什么吗
I think Tom is about to cry.	我想湯姆快哭了
I need to go to the bathroom.	我要去廁所
I am the fastest runner.	我是跑得最快的人
They're still in Boston.	他們還在波士頓
Man is the only animal that can make use of fire.	人是唯一会使用火的动物
"Does he like music?" "Yes, he does."	"	他喜歡音樂嗎
I want a massage. I need to relax.	我想要按摩
Call the police!	报警
Let's just enjoy this peace and quiet.	让我们享受这平静和安宁
It was so cold yesterday I stayed home.	昨天太冷了
Who's worried about Tom?	谁担心汤姆
He made the best of the opportunity.	他善用了這個機會
We may never know.	我们可能永远不知道
How are you feeling this morning?	你今天早上感覺如何
I do forgive Tom.	我真的原谅汤姆
Please show me what to do next.	請讓我看看下一步該做什麼
He is watching TV.	他在看电视
That's just what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
Tom never should've tried doing that by himself.	汤姆从来不应该尝试自己一个人做那些
I saw Tom having an argument with Mary.	我见汤姆跟玛丽争论
She married a rich old man.	她嫁給了一個富有的老男人
This is a beautiful flower.	这是一朵美丽的花
We have lots of catching up to do.	我们有很多事情要做
May I borrow your bike?	我能借一下您的自行车吗
His little brother is a famous soccer player.	他弟弟是个有名的足球选手
I went there recently.	我刚去过那里
I'm sorry that I hurt you.	很抱歉我伤害了你
Tom slipped out of the classroom.	湯姆溜出了教室
You can't have your cake and eat it, too.	既要马好
Could you drive Tom home?	你能載湯姆回家嗎
There is no scientific basis for these claims.	這些主張沒有科學的根據
Why do you work here?	你為什麼在這兒工作
Let me do this for you.	让我为你做这件事
My wife is cooking right now.	我妻子正在做饭
I can't bear to see animals suffering.	我无法忍受看着动物受苦
Who does this guitar belong to?	这把吉他是谁的
Tom doesn't know who he can trust anymore.	湯姆不知道他還能再信任誰
Where did you take your shoes off?	你的鞋脱哪儿了
He was tired, but he kept working.	他累了
Let's go!	我們開始吧
Tom didn't think that anyone would recognize Mary.	汤姆不认为有人会认出玛丽
I think about it often.	我经常想着它
Tom is sloshed.	汤姆醉了
Where in Austria did you grow up?	你在奧地利的什麼地方長大
I can't hear you.	我听不见你
I wish I could talk to you.	我希望能与你谈话
I have nothing to say.	我没什么可说的
I must do that carefully.	我必须仔细做
We're going downtown to eat pizza.	我們要去市中心吃比薩
I don't sleep well.	我睡不好
His house is across the street.	他的房子在街對面
She didn't like her husband.	她不喜歡她的丈夫
We use a lot of water every day.	我們每天用很多的水
Tom died in battle.	湯姆在戰鬥中死了
I was kept waiting for nearly half an hour.	我等了接近半小时
I am never at home on Sundays.	我周日从来都不在家
Let's get started.	让我们开始吧
Can I begin?	我可以开始了吗
I built an amplifier yesterday.	昨天我組裝了一個揚聲器
I wish I could figure out how to disable comments on my blog.	但愿我能找到在我的博客上屏蔽评论的办法
I was quite hungry.	我很饿
I will write to you soon.	我會盡快寫信給你
He rode his bicycle there.	他是騎自行車去的
Please tell me your name.	請告訴我你的名字
I really don't need any help.	我真的不需要幫助
It's a clear day.	它是一個晴朗的日子
Tom stood behind me.	汤姆站在我后面
I wanted Tom to apologize to Mary.	我要汤姆向玛丽道歉
She managed to keep up appearances.	她設法保住面子
Don't open this door, please.	請不要打開此門
I'm now busy writing a book.	我现在正忙于写一本书
Have you tried the rice?	你尝过米饭了吗
What was it that you gave him?	你给了他什么
You look very dignified.	你看起來很威嚴
She called me up very late last night.	昨晚她很晚打电话给我
I never played golf.	我从没玩过高尔夫
He likes mathematics, but I don't.	他喜欢数学
Why is no one visiting my website?	为什么没人来我的网站呢
I'm hungry, so I'm going to get something to eat.	我餓了
You're a true friend.	你是個真正的朋友
I've already lived most of my life.	我已经活了大半辈子了
Should I wash the lettuce?	我應該洗萵苣嗎
He is still sitting on the bench.	他還坐在長椅上
Tom headed out the door.	汤姆向门走去
I'm innocent.	我是清白的
You can't get ahead if you don't work hard.	一分耕耘
Who gave you the right to do such a thing?	是誰允許你做這事的
Lake Biwa is the largest lake in Japan.	琵琶湖是日本最大的湖
You look very pale.	你看上去很苍白
Our cow doesn't give us any milk.	我們的乳牛沒有給我們任何牛奶
The men are wearing short sleeve shirts.	男人們穿著短袖上衣
You should set a good example to your children.	你应该给你的孩子们树立好的榜样
Grab Tom.	抓住汤姆
It happened at a quarter past eleven.	它發生在十一點一刻
Just a minute, please.	请稍等一下
Who does the cooking in your home?	你家里谁做饭
I have no money with me.	我身上没有钱
Do you feel like going swimming?	你想去游泳嗎
I thought that it was very good.	我觉得它真的很不错
You said that you'd help me.	你说过你会帮我的
She bought a toy for her child.	她買了一個玩具給她的孩子
He grasped the rope with two hands.	他用兩隻手抓住了繩子
We enjoyed ourselves very much.	我們玩的很開心
Which is your book?	哪本書是您的
This book will do.	這本書就行了
Stop staring at me like that.	不要再这么盯着我了
She considered his offer carefully.	她仔细考虑了他的提议
I wish she had come last night.	要是她昨晚來就好了
Can you prove it?	你能证明吗
The bread is not fresh.	面包不新鲜
He wants a book to read.	他想找本書來讀
Why should I hire Tom?	为什么我要雇佣
I can't do anything.	我不会做任何事
There is a television in the room.	房里有个电视机
I've lost my umbrella.	我丢了我的伞
It's illegal to park your car here.	把車停在這裡是違法的
What are you doing down there?	你在那里干什么
When do you close?	你們公司幾點下班
You may choose any book you like.	你可以選擇任何你喜歡的書
That's weird.	奇怪
I will get you a bike for your birthday.	你生日的时候
The teacher got quite well again.	老師再次恢復健康了
I decided to be a doctor.	我決定當個醫生了
He looks strong.	他看起來很強壯
She prefers beer to wine.	她喜欢啤酒胜过葡萄酒
His mother is an English teacher.	他的母親是一位英語教師
Tom has spent the past three years in prison.	湯姆在監獄裡待了三年
I thought that Tom would enjoy the party.	我以为汤姆会喜欢这个聚会
She smiled.	她笑了
Do you have everything?	没有什么落下的吧
The red hat goes well with her dress.	这顶红帽子很衬她的裙子
Someone told me that this boy cannot hear.	有人告诉我这个男孩耳聋
It's fun to travel.	旅行是令人快乐的
I can't explain it now.	我现在不能解释
The prize won't be given to her.	奖项是不会授给她的
Saturn is a planet.	土星是一顆行星
Please serve him his meal first.	請先為他上菜
There are only three women in this class.	這個班只有三個女生
He took me to the station.	他帶我到車站
If you want to know a country, you must learn its history.	如果想了解一个国家
My camera is different from yours.	我的相機跟你的不同
Tom was sick in bed last Sunday.	湯姆上週日臥病在床
Just look at all this.	看看这一切
I went, too.	我也去了
That house is very small.	這房子非常小
We've got a situation.	我们有情况了
I couldn't get to sleep.	我無法入睡
She has traveled all over the globe.	她周遊世界各地
I can't bear this noise anymore.	我无法再忍受那噪音了
It was a quiet winter's evening.	这是个静谧的冬夜
New York City policemen wear dark blue uniforms.	紐約警察穿深藍色制服
How tall are you?	你多高
I remember last summer's adventure.	我记得去年夏天的历险
The acid ate into the metal.	酸性腐蚀了金属
His sudden appearance surprised us all.	他的突然出现
I'm sure they'll win.	我相信他們會贏
Why do you have two cars?	他為什麼有兩輛車
It's not at all easy to master French.	要掌握法语一点都不容易
Tom told him.	汤姆告诉了他
I want him to play the guitar.	我要他彈吉他
In this kind of weather, it's best to stay home and not go outside.	这种天气下最好待在家里不要外出
My friends invited me to dinner.	我的朋友邀請我去吃晚飯
It's a very serious illness.	这是很严重的病
He is sometimes absent from school.	他偶爾逃學
I know how to solve the problem.	我知道怎么解决这个问题
It's said that Tokyo is a very safe city.	人们都说
The old man is blind in one eye.	这老人瞎了一只眼
We're very disappointed in you.	我们对你很失望
Do you think we'll have good weather?	你认为我们会遇到好天气吗
I ran a race with him.	我和他比賽跑步
Tom knows many French songs.	汤姆知道许多法语歌
I will be busy this afternoon.	我今天下午會很忙
How do you like it?	你認為如何
He had his hair cut short.	他把头发剪短了
I work best under pressure.	我在壓力之下工作表現最好
He can't buy himself a car.	他不能买车
That was you, wasn't it?	那就是你
Tell Tom I'm sorry.	告诉汤姆我很抱歉
When did this come about?	这事是什么时候发生的
He made good use of the money.	他好好的使用了
I didn't go to school last Monday.	上周一我没去上学
Let's leave it at that.	就到此为止吧
What time do you go home?	你几点回家
I'll act as a guide for you.	我为你充当导游
His father is an impostor.	他爸爸是个骗子
I'll find you a good doctor.	我會幫你找個好醫生
My father doesn't like soccer.	我爸爸不喜欢足球
Where's the closest pharmacy?	最近的藥房在哪裡
It's your book.	它是你的書
Tom is escaping.	湯姆在逃跑
He disappeared without a trace.	他消失了
You're too young to retire.	你太年輕
I wish you were close to me.	我希望你在我身边
I asked Tom to wait here.	我讓湯姆在這裡等
They spoke to me.	他们对我说话了
Who's the boy swimming over there?	在那邊游泳的男孩是誰
Tom was sitting alone at one of the tables near the door.	湯姆獨自坐在門邊一個桌子旁
They speak English in New Zealand.	他們在紐西蘭講英語
There's no reason to be afraid.	沒有理由害怕
Have you seen all these movies?	你把這些電影全看了嗎
I wonder why they left my name off the list.	我奇怪他们为什么在表里把我的名字落下了
An army marches on its stomach.	胃里如同千军万马开过
I knew you'd find Tom.	我知道你会找到汤姆
She will be back within a week.	她一週之內會回來
Advertisements urge us to buy luxuries.	廣告慫恿我們買奢侈品
I want to participate.	我想参加
I prefer coffee to tea.	我喜歡咖啡勝過茶
You're very smart.	你很聪明
Maybe you should just give up.	可能你应该放弃
I want to buy a pair of ski boots.	我想买一双滑雪靴
How come you know so much about Japanese history?	你為什麼知道這麼多的日本歷史
Please leave me alone.	请让我静一静
Refugees poured in from all over the country.	难民从整个国家涌来
"How old are you?" "I'm 16 years old."	「	你幾歲
Perhaps you're right.	也许您有道理
I came to Japan from China.	我從中國到日本
Pardon me for coming late.	对不起
All lawyers are liars.	律师都是骗子
It soon began to rain very hard.	很快就會開始大雨了
The court acquitted him of the charge of murder.	法庭对他的谋杀罪名作出了无罪判决
Tom told me to take good care of myself.	汤姆告诉我要照顾好我自己
May I go to the restroom?	我可以去洗手間嗎
Let me know if you need any help.	你需要帮助就告诉我
Do I have to take this medicine?	我必須吃這個藥嗎
Tom needs to study more if he hopes to pass this class.	汤姆如果想通过这门课
He gave us not only clothes but some money.	他不仅给了我们衣服
He goes to bed at eight o'clock.	他八點上床睡覺
His son's criminal activities caused him great pain.	他儿子的犯罪行为给他带来了很大的痛苦
I like taking walks.	我喜欢散步
Most Americans do not object to my calling them by their first names.	大多数美国人似乎不反对我直呼其名
Have you ever shaved your legs?	你剃过腿毛吗
I'm crazy about you.	我为你着迷
You must keep your eyes open.	你得留意一下
I see a book.	我看到一本書
He and I walked together.	我和他一起走
We were born to die.	我们是为了死亡而诞生的
Nice to see you.	见到你真好
Tom came over and shook my hand.	湯姆過來跟我握了手
I heard Tom could do that.	我聽說湯姆能做
I bought a new sewing machine.	我買了一台新的縫紉機
Can you pass me the salt, please?	請你把鹽遞給我好嗎
Tom told me that I shouldn't go out alone at night.	汤姆跟我说我不应该晚上一个人出门
I'm very tired, but I can't get to sleep.	我很累
Tom is stingy.	汤姆很小气
Her father passed away last week.	她的父親上週去世了
I am constantly forgetting names.	我經常忘記別人的名字
She rested her head on her mother's shoulder.	她把头垂在她母亲的肩上
He's playing Tetris.	他在玩俄羅斯方塊
I'm very hungry.	我很餓
Put the box down.	把箱子放下
I happened to find the camera I'd lost.	我無意間找到從前弄丟的相機
Take as much as you like.	你爱拿多少就拿多少
She wears a lot of makeup.	她化着浓妆
He explained how the accident came about.	他解释事故是怎么发生的
I'm afraid not.	恐怕不行
The shopping center is one mile ahead.	這個購物中心在前面一英里遠的地方
When did your father come home?	你爸爸什麼時候回家
Did you go out last night?	你昨天晚上出去了嗎
The little boy is afraid of the dark.	這小男孩怕黑
All you have to do is sit here.	你要做的只是坐在这儿
They have the same habits.	他們有相同的嗜好
How was your summer vacation?	暑假過得如何
I don't want to go away.	我不想离开
You've overdone it.	你太过分了
She gave me a strange look.	她奇怪地看了我一眼
Tell her that I am cooking dinner.	告诉她我在做晚饭
This seat's free.	这个座位没人
He swam across the river.	他遊過了河
From now on, try harder.	從現在起
Is a thousand yen enough?	1000	日元够不够
The kitten wanted in.	小猫想进来
Is Tom home?	汤姆在家里吗
We don't like the rain.	我們不喜歡下雨
It's food.	它是食物
People were evacuated because of the flood.	人们因为洪水被疏散了
Keep it secret, please.	请保密
This should be a lot of fun.	這應該很有意思
I've been working for this newspaper for four years.	我为这家报社工作四年了
You don't have to get up early.	你不必早起
I have a little money.	我有一些錢
An apple sits on the table.	桌上有个苹果
He did not have enough money.	他沒有足夠的錢
This is the worst movie I have ever seen.	这是我看过的最差劲的电影了
Many students have failed the test.	很多學生考試沒過
He did not speak unless spoken to.	除非有人跟他說話
Do we have enough chairs?	我們的椅子夠嗎
I borrow money.	我借錢
I don't like school.	我不喜欢学校
The weather promises to clear up.	有望会变晴
Tom is doing what he loves.	汤姆在做他喜欢做的事
He asked for some money.	他要了一些錢
Turn the radio up a little.	把收音機開大聲一點
Mary is the prettiest girl in her class.	玛丽是班里面长得最漂亮的女孩
I like drawing.	我喜欢画画
When the cat is away, the mice will play.	山上无老虎
A stranger came into the building.	一个陌生人进了大楼
What sort of work do you do?	你做什么类型的工作
When does it arrive?	它什么时候到
You have to hurry.	您要赶快些
Do you think I'm stupid?	你認為我傻嗎
Turtles lay eggs.	海龟下蛋
She has kept a diary for 3 years.	她已經寫了三年的日記
This is what I can do for you.	这是我能为您做的
A good craftsman takes pride in his work.	好的工匠為自己的作品感到驕傲
If I'd known that it would come to this, I would have never consented.	要是我知道会发生这种事
This isn't a difficult job.	这不是件困难的差事
I'm a little confused.	我有一点困惑了
I am out of time.	我没时间了
She mistook my brother for me.	她把我哥哥誤認為我
No one answered my question.	沒人回答我的問題
Have you lost your way?	您迷路了吗
Where did you get this?	这是你哪里拿的
He refuses to believe us.	他拒绝相信我们
I don't make deals with people like you.	我不跟你这样的人做生意
Tom told me he was nervous.	湯姆告訴我他緊張
How much is this?	這是多少
The room has a seating capacity of 200.	这个房间能容纳
Keep it at a lower temperature.	保持在較低的溫度
I can't understand why Tom doesn't want to go with us.	我不理解为什么汤姆不想和我们一起走
Who else uses this room?	还有谁用这个房间
He is a famous baseball player.	他是一位著名的棒球選手
You're always late.	你總是遲到
Tom doesn't need to thank me.	汤姆不必谢我
I disagree with you.	我不同意你的看法
We visited the museum last week.	我們上週參觀了博物館
Tom wanted this to be a surprise.	湯姆想把這留作驚喜
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.	每次下雨屋頂就漏水
No problem.	没事
Tom looked a little frightened.	湯姆看來受了點驚嚇
Are you kidding?	你在开玩笑吗
He is able to swim very fast.	他能游得很快
We got behind the car and pushed.	我們到車子後面推車
Something is wrong with my watch.	我的錶出了毛病
A beautiful sunset, isn't it?	美麗的夕陽
He will be back in ten minutes.	他十分鐘後會回來
Do you study English?	您学英语吗
I didn't hear anybody talking.	我沒聽到任何人在說話
How long ago did the bus leave?	這輛公車多久前離開的
Cats hate to get wet.	猫讨厌被弄湿
Coffee, please.	我要咖啡
Is your school far away from your house?	你的學校離你家很遠嗎
It is getting lighter outside.	外面天色越來越亮了
I can't find my glasses.	我找不到我的眼鏡
You ought not to go out.	你不應該出門
I wonder why Tom is so excited.	我奇怪為甚麼湯姆那麼激動
What do you want to say to me?	您想告诉我什么
May I come and see you now?	我現在可以來看看你嗎
I'm sure you'll be back before long.	我确定你不久就回来
I am looking forward to Christmas.	我期待聖誕節的到來
What type of food do you like?	你喜欢什么样的食物
Strangely enough, he failed.	很奇怪
This watch is broken.	这个手表坏掉了
My front teeth stick out.	我门牙突出
She really does like animals.	她确实喜欢动物
Tom mostly kept to himself.	汤姆大多一个人独处
His plan is dangerous!	他的計劃是危險的
My whole body hurts.	我全身酸痛
It's exactly as you say it is.	它跟你說的完全一樣
Perhaps he missed the train.	他可能错过了火车
There's no time to explain.	没时间解释
I have a cough.	我咳嗽
I was caught in a shower and got drenched to the skin.	我遇上了陣雨被淋得全身濕透
He gave it a new name.	他给了它一个新名字
How about another piece of cake?	要不要再來一塊蛋糕
People should understand that the world is changing.	人应该明白世界在变
Humans can't live without air.	没有空气
I nearly fell off the cliff.	我差点从悬崖上掉下去
This wasn't cheap, was it?	這不便宜
Maybe you should move.	你可能該動一動
We don't need to attend that meeting.	我們不必參加那場會議
My hobby is taking pictures of wild flowers.	我的业余爱好是拍野花的照片
I don't know anything about their relationship.	我對他們的關係一無所知
They believe in a life after death.	他們相信死後的生命
I don't want to talk about myself.	我不想談我自己
I'll stay home.	我會待在家裡
Those flowers have died.	那些花已經枯死了
Tom couldn't decide where to begin.	湯姆不能決定從哪裡開始
I know why you're happy.	我知道你为什么高兴
We're having lunch.	我們在吃午餐
My father works at a factory.	我爸在工厂工作
How many boys are there in this class?	这个班有多少男生
The neighborhood was silent.	社區是安靜的
Tom got into trouble because of Mary.	湯姆因為瑪麗陷入了麻煩
That was the first time I'd seen Tom so angry.	那是我第一次见到汤姆如此生气
Tom is naked from the waist up.	汤姆赤裸着上身
Tom is still uncertain about whether to go to college or not.	汤姆还不清楚要不要上大学
That plane will take off at five.	那架飞机五点起飞
To master English is hard.	精通英語是困難的
We'll leave as soon as you're ready.	你一准备好
There is no denying that she is very efficient.	无可否认她非常有能力
She showed the visitor her baby.	她给客人看了她的宝宝
Man is the only animal that talks.	人类是唯一彼此交谈的动物
This is the only camera I've got.	這是我唯一的相機
I haven't seen you in ages.	我已經好久沒有見到你了
Choose whichever you like.	選你喜歡的
Tom's mother is a nurse at the hospital that's across the street from where Mary lives.	汤姆的妈妈是一名护士
How much is four times six?	6	乘以
I want to pick out a present for my friend.	我想给我朋友选个礼物
The Amazon is fed by a large number of tributaries.	亚马逊河有很多支流
Neither of those two students passed the test.	兩個學生都沒通過考試
It's nearly three o'clock.	將近三點了
I missed you.	我想你
I wish you could have been there.	要是你能在那裡就好了
They are talking with each other.	他们在互相交谈
I'm first.	我是第一
I continued singing.	我继续唱歌
Some bugs were fixed.	一些程式錯誤被改正了
I got a new pair of shoes.	我得到了一雙新鞋
I just saw Tom.	我刚刚见到汤姆了
Have a good weekend!	周末愉快
I was right behind you.	我就在你后面
It's really easy to learn how to swim.	学游泳非常简单
I walked up the hill.	我走上山了
I can't remember how to go there.	我不記得怎麼去那裡了
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C++.	变量的声明在
Who can do this work?	谁能做这件工作
There are many more students in the classroom today than yesterday.	今天教室裡的學生比昨天還要多
The police will put you behind bars for twenty years.	警方會把你關在牢裡二十年
I will make it clear that I won't come again.	我要明確表示我不會再來了
He is a tennis player.	他是个网球球手
How large is your family?	你的家庭有多大
Tom needs the money right away.	湯姆現在就需要錢
It's our job to help you.	帮助你是我们的工作
His second son married and settled down.	他的第二個兒子結婚並定居下來了
She cooked us a delicious dinner.	她為我們煮了一頓美味的晚餐
Life doesn't always go the way we want it to.	生活并不总是如我们所愿
Why did you show me this?	你为什么让我看这个
What should I do?	我该做什么
Why is my Internet connection so slow?	我的网怎么会这么慢
He entered my room without permission.	他未經允許進了我房間
How much longer will you stay in Boston?	你在波士顿再待多久
I'm glad you guys are here.	我很高兴你们都在
I'm really busy.	我真的好忙
The rumor was without foundation.	謠言是毫無根據的
He threw a stone into the pond.	他扔了一塊石頭到池塘裡
I don't need your help.	我不需要你的幫助
I wish you a happy birthday.	我祝你生日快乐
You should know it.	你應該知道的
I think you understand me.	我认为你了解我
Can you just please go?	我能請你離開嗎
This is her house.	这是她的房子
He went to New York on Monday.	他星期一去了紐約
I will be at the meeting.	我会出席会议的
I've caught a terrible cold.	我得了一種可怕的感冒
Tom's out cold.	汤姆正昏迷不醒
Are any seats still available?	還剩座位嗎
Several minutes later, the telephone rang.	几分钟后
I don't like to go out when it's dark.	我天黑后不喜欢出门
Tom asked Mary to help.	湯姆向瑪麗求助
We import tea from India.	我們從印度進口茶葉
Equality is guaranteed by the Constitution.	平等是由宪法保障的
I'll wait for you in front of the radio station.	我會在電台前等你
He told the students to be quiet.	他告訴了學生要安靜
We have known each other for years.	我们认识有好些年了
It's only a matter of time.	這只是時間的問題
He looked for every possible means of escape.	他寻找一切可能的逃生途径
My internet connection was cut off.	我的網路連線被切斷了
I love that story.	我喜欢那个故事
Is that for sale?	这个卖不卖
These flowers grow in warm countries.	這些花生長在溫暖的國家
She plays tennis every Sunday.	她每個星期天打網球
Today is the 3rd.	今天三號
Do you know when they will arrive?	你知道他们什么时候到吗
My plan is to buy a car.	我打算買輛車
Your nose is bleeding.	您流鼻血了
I wish I could buy you everything you wanted.	我希望我能买下你想要的所有东西
I can still remember the time when we went on a picnic together.	我还记得我和你一起去野餐的时候
You can't drink seawater because it's too salty.	你不能喝海水
She came into the room.	她进了房间
He is just my age.	他和我同岁
You were in danger.	你处于危险之中
Would you like some cream in your coffee?	你要在咖啡上加些奶油嗎
His bag is right here, so he cannot have gone to school yet.	他的包就在这儿
I wish you had told me the truth then.	但願你那時候就告訴我真相
Tom and I are teammates.	湯姆和我是隊友
Visiting all the tourist sights really wore me out.	參觀所有觀光勝地累壞了我
She studies mathematics.	她学习数学
Our school is fifty years old.	我們學校有五十年的歷史了
Are you sure of your facts?	你確定你的資料屬實嗎
Let's talk over a cup of coffee.	让我们边喝咖啡边谈
He wants to be a tennis player.	他想成為一名網球選手
It's very normal.	它很正常
The boy denied having stolen the bicycle.	那个男孩否认偷了自行车
This is the best restaurant I know of.	这是我知道的最好的餐馆
You'll forget about me someday.	有一天你会忘了我
I've been reading this for a few hours.	我一直讀這個讀了幾個小時
He was the first to come.	他是第一個來的
I am going to play tennis tomorrow.	我明天會去打網球
I am in trouble.	我有麻煩了
Please wait a minute.	请稍等一下
Tom isn't happy at all.	汤姆根本不高兴
I saw him crossing the street.	我看见他穿过了马路
Are there many animals in the zoo?	動物園裡有很多動物嗎
Tom is a scumbag.	湯姆是個无賴
It's a fake.	这是一个伪造品
My hobby is making model planes.	我的嗜好是做模型飛機
How did your journey begin?	你的旅行是怎么开始的
We happened to get on the same bus.	我们恰巧上了同一辆公交车
How long would it take to swim across the river?	游过这条河要多久
This fish is not edible.	这条鱼不能吃了
I can't guarantee that that's going to happen.	我不能确保这一切会发生
I don't mind if it's hot.	辣点儿没关系
You must keep quiet for a few days.	你该安静几天
You couldn't handle the pressure.	你不能应对压力
Hit Tom.	去打汤姆
Don't eat that!	不要吃那個
Children love playing on the beach.	孩子們喜歡在沙灘上玩
He vowed to give up smoking.	他发誓要戒烟
Tom just never should've done that.	汤姆就不该做那事
What did she say?	她说了什么
What are your plans for tonight?	你今晚有什么打算
Are you saying that I killed Tom?	你是说是我杀了汤姆吗
I met a friend of Mary's.	我遇到了瑪麗的一位朋友
I'm listening to the radio.	我在聽收音機
Did you buy her something for Christmas?	你聖誕節買東西給她了嗎
The air conditioner doesn't work.	空調故障了
I'd like to cash a travelers' check.	我想兌換旅行支票
I'm very sleepy.	我非常困
You are a student.	你是學生
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.	以眼还眼以牙还牙
One of my brothers is a teacher and the others are lawyers.	我的一个兄弟是老师
I saw him cross the street.	我看见他穿过了马路
I need a good pair of sunglasses.	我需要一副好的太陽眼鏡
He lost a book.	他弄丟了一本書
Keep trying.	继续努力
To master English is difficult.	精通英語是困難的
We will only consent on that condition.	我们只会在那样的条件下同意
Tom likes it hot.	汤姆喜欢热的
I don't have enough time to eat.	我没有足够时间吃饭了
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.	日本的首都是东京
That's an interesting piece of information.	这是条有趣的信息
I think it'll turn out fine.	我觉得没问题
I'm very happy to see you.	我很高兴见到你
He grows tomatoes in his garden.	他在他的花園種番茄
Mastering a foreign language involves a lot of patience.	学好一门外语需要坚韧不拔的毅力
This system has obvious defects.	這個系統有些明顯的缺陷
A map helps us to know where we are.	地图帮助我们知道所在的位置
She got her daughter a personal computer.	她給她的女兒買了一台個人電腦
Thank you for dancing with me.	謝謝你一起和我跳舞
Who's on duty today?	今天谁值班
He was too old to swim.	他太老了
They're armed.	他們有帶武器
Have a nice trip.	祝順風
Keep the window closed.	让窗子关着
Tom is the easy-going sort.	汤姆是容易相处的类型
I'm good at tennis.	我擅長網球
I cannot bring myself to do such a thing.	我不能让自己做这样的事
Four is an unlucky number in Japan.	4	在日本是一个不幸的数字
What's the forecast for tomorrow?	明天的天气预报怎么说
One out of 455 women doesn't realize she's pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy.	455	名婦女中會有一名直到懷孕第二十週前沒有意識到自己懷孕
Our school library is small, but new.	我们学校的图书馆很小
Tom apologized to Mary for his rudeness.	汤姆为他的粗鲁向玛丽道歉
How old are you?	你幾歲
Are you still at home?	你還在家裡嗎
How many years did Tom spend in Boston?	汤姆在波士顿待了几年
May I see your passport?	我可以看看你的護照嗎
I bathe once a day.	我每天洗一次澡
I don't want to cause any more trouble.	我不想再惹事了
I want to go home.	我要回家
Do you still need tea?	你还需要茶吗
He was born in the 19th century.	他生于
I sort of understand.	我大概懂了
Is it true?	是真的吗
Wash your face and hands.	洗你的臉和手
He works in a factory.	他在一家工廠工作
I have already finished reading this book.	我已經讀完了這本書
It's snowing today.	今天下雪
How about eating out this evening?	今天晚上出去吃怎樣
Why are your ears so big?	為什麼你的耳朵這麼大
Our task has been easy so far, but it will be difficult from now on.	我们的任务到目前为止很轻松
I'm at the airport now.	我现在在机场
She got to the station at seven.	她七點鐘到車站
I deleted my Facebook account.	我刪除了我的
Why don't you join our party?	你為什麼不參加我們的派對
Tom doesn't need to worry about that.	汤姆不需要担心
Tom died in the evening of the day he and Mary got married.	汤姆死在了他和玛丽结婚的那天傍晚
The snow has disappeared.	雪消失了
He went to Italy in order to study music.	為了研讀音樂他去了義大利
I need to know what you know.	我需要知道你知道的事
I'll sauté a few sweet potatoes and sprinkle them with sugar.	我去炸一點紅薯
I'll check your vision.	我要來檢查你的視力
My ex-husband no longer lives in this city.	我前男友不再住在這個城市了
I'll give you a little tip.	我会给你些提示
We all consider your idea to be impractical.	我们都认为你的想法是行不通的
The gardener turned out to be the murderer.	园丁后来发现就是凶手
May I eat that cake?	我可以吃那个蛋糕吗
You may not remember me, but I remember you.	你可能不記得我了
How much is that mountain bike?	那辆山地车多少钱
How old is your son?	你兒子幾歲
Tom has high blood pressure.	汤姆有高血压
Tom used to wear glasses.	汤姆以前戴眼镜
All my friends call me Tom.	我的朋友都叫我湯姆
Tom said he read a book about this ship.	Tom	说他在这次的航行中读了一本书
Tom doesn't know how bad it is.	湯姆不知道它有多壞
Where do you want to go today?	你今天想去哪儿呀
Many people are suffering from hunger around the world.	世界上许多人在挨饿
She gave up everything for her children.	為了孩子們她放棄了一切
They got into the train.	她們上了火車
What's the spelling of your family name?	你的姓怎麼拼
Tom probably knows why the meeting was postponed.	湯姆大概知道會議延期的原因
He behaves as if he were insane.	他表现得像疯了一样
He chose every word with care.	他选每个词都深思熟虑
Why did you paint the bench red?	为什么你把长凳漆成红色了
Could I have another glass of beer?	我可以再喝一杯啤酒嗎
Turn the flame down low.	把火轉小一點
I really need a drink now.	我现在真需要来杯喝的
I need to charge my cell phone.	我需要給手機充電
I work in this building.	我在这栋楼里工作
You reap what you sow.	种瓜得瓜
The sun rose over the horizon.	太陽升出了地平線
It's going to rain soon.	天快要下雨了
I'm going to be out today.	我今天將會外出
The policeman grabbed the boy's arm.	警察抓住了那个男孩的手臂
The food is ready.	饭做好了
You must start at once.	你必须马上开始
Who would want to live here?	誰會想住在這裡
I'd like to see a doctor.	我想看醫生
I'll miss your cooking.	我會想念你的廚藝
Did something happen?	發生了什麼事嗎
Don't start without me.	我不在就别开始
My father is in the garden.	我爸爸在花园里
You can't park around here.	你不能在這附近停車
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.	悉尼是澳大利亞最大的城市
I'm really looking forward to summer vacation.	我真的非常期待暑假
A stitch in time saves nine.	小洞及時補
Could you sign here?	你能在这里签名吗
We need you to tell us why you were absent all last week.	我们要你告诉我们你为什么整个上周都缺勤
I know Tom is looking at me.	我知道湯姆在看着我
It's a pity that you couldn't come.	很遺憾你不能來
Tom kissed Mary on both cheeks.	汤姆亲吻了玛丽的两颊
Admission is free for children.	儿童免费入场
She has beautiful handwriting.	她的笔迹漂亮极了
I don't like children.	我不喜欢小孩
Wouldn't you like to eat?	你们不想吃饭吗
He likes to read newspapers.	他喜欢看报纸
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."	“	洞里发生了什么
Tom also has one.	汤姆也有一个
She has a pure heart.	她有一颗纯洁的心
You've grown so much!	你長這麼大了
It took me three years.	它花了我三年
What are you hinting at?	你在暗示什么
Why are you wearing that scarf?	你为什么戴那条围巾
The rumors were false.	謠言是假的
The news distressed her.	新闻使她不安
Do as you like.	你想怎么做就怎么做
She asked me a question.	她問了我一個問題
You don't need to do that at once.	你没必要马上去做
Few students could understand what he said.	很少有學生能了解他說的話
He asked me to help him.	他要求我幫助他
I have to clean the bathroom.	我要清理廁所了
Her feelings are easily hurt.	她很容易受到感情上的伤害
He is on goods terms with all of his classmates.	他和他所有的同学相处融洽
Tom said he thought that he should study French.	湯姆說他認為他該學法語
I told her not to let go of the rope, but she did.	我叫她不要松开绳子
Some people say Japan is a male-dominated society.	有些人说日本是个男性统治的社会
A fallen tree blocked the path.	一棵倒下的树挡住了通道
Let me work in peace.	让我安心工作
I hope I see it again.	我希望再次见到它
It's time to go.	是該離開的時候了
You don't look so well.	你看上去不太好
We're not going on vacation.	我们不去度假
I've got one for you.	我給你帶了一個
Why do you want to become a nurse?	你为什么想成为护士呢
You must get rid of that bad habit.	你必须改掉这个坏习惯
You may think those shoes are in fashion, but they aren't.	你可能認為那些鞋子很時髦
Did you go to see a doctor?	你去看过医生了吗
He doesn't speak our language.	他不會說我們的語言
That book is very old.	那本書很舊
You don't seem to like Tom.	你看來不喜歡湯姆
I arrived in London.	我到達倫敦了
We have to look into the disappearance of the doctor.	我们必须调查医生的失踪案
I'm going to attend the meeting.	我將出席這個會議
Did he propose to you?	他向你求婚了嗎
I have the same trouble as you have.	我有跟你同樣的麻煩
My car's in the shop.	我的車在店裡修理中
Bring him in.	带他进来
I'll take this umbrella.	我將拿這把傘
Apparently, there is nothing that cannot happen today.	显然
This is the place where the battle of Hastings took place.	這裡是黑斯廷斯戰役發生的地方
Beware of pickpockets.	小心扒手
Goodbyes are always sad.	离别总是让人悲伤
After a long argument, I finally persuaded her to go camping.	經過長久的爭論
I am playing the piano now.	我現在正在彈鋼琴
How is your business going?	你的生意进展如何
I will never force you to marry him.	我永遠不會逼你跟他結婚
I wonder if you understand.	我还不知道你明不明白
Tom knows that I don't like him.	汤姆知道我不喜欢他
I think that Tom might not want to do that.	我认为汤姆可能不想那样做
This house belongs to my uncle.	這棟房子屬於我的叔叔
Take your time.	慢慢来
How much do you have invested?	你投资多少
School begins at half past eight.	学校
Could you put it in plain language?	您可以简单点儿说吗
Keep an eye on the bags.	把包包看好
He has taken over his father's business.	他接手了他父亲的公司
Are your eyes bad?	你眼睛不好吗
My father can fly an airplane.	我的父親會駕駛飛機
What time is it?	几点了
Did I leave my umbrella here?	我把雨伞落在这里了吗
I don't think that he's honest.	我不觉得他诚实
It was overcast yesterday.	昨天是多雲
It doesn't surprise me.	这并不让我惊讶
Can I try this on?	我能试一下吗
When Dad finds out what you've done, he's going to hit the roof.	当爸爸发现你做了什么的时候
My uncle gave me a book.	我的叔叔給了我一本書
Weeds sprang up in the garden.	花園裡雜草叢生
Industry as we know it today didn't exist in those days.	我们今天所认识的工业在那个时代不存在
Would you like to go for a drink or something to eat?	你想出去喝几杯或吃个饭吗
He'll be here around four o'clock.	他会在四点左右到达这里
He often eats breakfast there.	他常常在那裡吃早餐
Something is changing.	有些東西在變化
They're afraid of us.	他們害怕我們
They were surprised.	他们震惊了
Why do you resent me?	你为什么恨我
Do you want rice?	你們要米飯嗎
I bought a camera the other day.	我前幾天買了一台照相機
Would you like a drink?	你想喝點什麼嗎
I had no feeling in my fingers.	我的手指没有感觉
What have you done with my bag?	你用我的袋子做了什麼
He behaved like a madman.	他表现的像个疯子
Please tell me about your trip.	請告訴我有關你旅行的事
Tom and Mary have been here for three hours.	湯姆和瑪麗已經在這裡待了三個小時
Don't pull my leg!	不要拉我的腿
Tom adores Mary.	汤姆爱慕玛丽
You may choose whichever you want.	你可以選擇任何你想要的
Karaoke is good for reducing stress.	卡拉
I borrowed money from my father.	我向我父親借錢
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.	他昨天到了东京
He was always annoyed in the city by noises of one sort or another.	他在城市里一直受到噪音或者其他的干扰
You can take either road to get to the park.	哪条路都可以去公园哦
Thanks for the advice.	谢谢你的建议
It was beginning to snow.	開始下雪了
He attributes his success to good luck.	他将他的成功归功于好运
How much money do you need?	你要多少钱
There were so many things I wanted to ask Tom.	我有很多事想问汤姆
I suppose you're hungry.	我猜想您饿了
Tom isn't complaining.	湯姆沒有抱怨
I love you more than anybody else.	我爱你胜过其他任何一个人
She loves chocolate, too.	她也喜欢巧克力
I lost my camera the other day.	那天我丢了我的照相机
Is there a post office near here?	這附近有郵局嗎
I can play tennis.	我會打網球
Tom doesn't have a driver's license.	湯姆沒有駕駛證
That's very rare.	那很稀少
My father goes jogging every morning.	我父親每天早上去慢跑
You'd better put on a raincoat.	您最好穿一件雨衣
I gave my cold to him.	我的感冒传染了他
Tom is a professional magician.	汤姆是个专业的魔术师
My guess is that it will be fine tomorrow.	我猜明天会是好天气
I want to eat something delicious.	我想吃点好吃的
He left the room.	他走出了房間
I managed to get there in time.	我設法及時到那裡
Please turn off the TV.	請把電視關掉
I'll attend the next meeting.	我將參加下次的會議
Everyone, please be quiet.	各位
I wonder if Tom can help us.	我不知道湯姆能不能幚我們
Do you want to be rich?	你想致富嗎
They're trying to keep costs down.	他们正努力降低成本
Why can't I find you?	我为什么找不到你
I've made us some coffee.	我给我们煮了些咖啡
I wish to be a doctor.	我希望成为医生
It's snowing.	下雪了
How soon can we leave?	我们过多久才能离开
He has long hair.	他有長頭髮
Do you know what he said?	你知道他說了什麼嗎
I was having a bath when the telephone rang.	在我洗澡的时候
They are leaving in three days, that is to say June 10th.	他們將在三天後離開
Please show me those pictures.	請讓我看看那些圖片
Don't ever touch my things again.	不要再碰我的东西
He's a Japanese boy.	他是个日本少年
Don't be disappointed.	不要失望
What's Tom given us?	汤姆给了我们什么
I can't distinguish him from his brother.	我分不清他和他的弟弟
We are glad to have you in our class.	我们很高兴你加入了我们班
Do you wish to complain?	你想抱怨嗎
I don't eat chicken skin.	我吃不下鸡皮
She visited her husband in prison.	她探望了她在監獄裡的丈夫
Have a good flight.	飞行愉快
The air conditioner in the lab is broken.	实验室里的空调坏了
He didn't respond to my question.	他沒有回答我的問題
She knit him a sweater.	她给他织了件毛衣
Can't you speak English?	你不會說英語嗎
This gives me renewed hopes.	这给了我新的希望
Are you going to be in Boston this weekend?	你這週末在波士頓過嗎
Why do you say that?	你為什麼那樣說
He was kind enough to lend me some money.	他够大方
We're having difficulty locating Tom.	我们找到汤姆有困难
We were bored.	我们感到厌烦了
That meat is chicken.	那個肉是雞肉
I need another pillow.	我還需要一個枕頭
She made the same mistake again.	她又犯了同樣的錯誤了
Where can you get tickets?	在哪里可以买到车票
I wonder what the weather will be like tomorrow.	不知道明天天气会怎么样呢
Half a loaf is better than none.	半個麵包總比沒有好
Tom knew who was inside his house.	汤姆知道谁在他房子里
Tom needs to update his website.	汤姆需要更新他的网站
Look out for pickpockets.	小心扒手
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.	當你說英語的時候不要怕犯錯
I don't think I ordered that.	我觉得我没有下命令
He had his car stolen last night.	昨晚他的車被偷了
What are you hinting at?	你们在暗示什么
I just wanted you to look at this.	我就是想让你看看这个
Fasten your seat belt, please.	請繫好安全帶
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.	您很容易就能看出区别
My brother and I are in the same class.	我的兄弟和我在一个班级
What do you plan to do?	你打算怎麼辦
He is going to be a doctor when he grows up.	他长大了会成为一名医生
The baby has finally stopped crying.	婴儿终于不哭了
Tom certainly is good at baseball.	汤姆打棒球打的非常好
When I was a child, I spent most of my time indoors reading.	当我是个孩子的时候
Both of you are wrong.	你們倆都錯了
The girl did not say anything.	這個女孩什麼也沒說
I went on reading.	我继续阅读
Do you want another cup of coffee?	你想要另一杯咖啡吗
You must know yourself.	你自己应该知道吧
Are you Tom's mother?	你是湯姆的母親嗎
I can't sleep at all!	完全睡不着
I will explain it to her.	我会跟她解释的
I cannot put up with his arrogance.	我不能忍受他的傲慢
Tom is a fat man.	湯姆是個胖子
I can't find my suitcase.	我找不到我的手提箱
I am full.	我吃飽了
Hello everyone!	大家好
I drank too much yesterday.	我昨天喝多了
She boiled the eggs.	她煮了蛋
You can't fire us.	你们不能炒了我们
I like this color as well.	我也喜歡這顏色
I explained the reason in detail.	我詳細地解釋了原因
I'm glad that you guys are here.	我很高兴你们都在
How long did it take to do that?	你做那事用了多久
Stop swearing, please.	请别再骂人了
Tom said that he wanted to eat Chinese food.	湯姆說他想吃中國菜
They are happy with the result.	他们对结果很满意
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.	该由你来决定我们去不去那儿
I'm always here.	我一直在這裡
Nobody's laughing.	沒人在笑
Tom died in his kitchen.	汤姆是在自家厨房里死的
Where should I put my laundry?	我應該把我要洗的衣服放在哪裡
You must choose.	你必须选
I've lost my new fountain pen.	我把我的新鋼筆搞丟了
He earns three times more than me.	他赚的比我多三倍
You'll love it.	你會愛它
Can you explain the exact meaning of this word?	你能否說出這個詞的精確意思
I'm your partner.	我是你的夥伴
Can I sit here?	我能坐这里吗
He's not such a great writer and I think he knows it.	他不是那么出色的作家我想他知道这一点
I can't afford it.	我负担不起
I got off at the wrong station.	我在錯誤的車站下車
Tom cut down the tree that was in front of his house.	湯姆砍了他門前的樹
If I had taken that plane, I would be dead now.	要是我坐了那架飞机的话
The school is located within five minutes' walk of the station.	學校坐落於距離車站步行五分鐘的地方
I gave her a lift to town.	我載她去城裡了
He was supposed to come.	他應該來的
Who told you that Tom and I are dating?	谁告诉你我和汤姆在交往的
I was tired today so I went to bed early.	我今天累
I'll square things with you later.	待会我再和你谈谈
I was watching television when the telephone rang.	电话响的时候
The program is on the air.	那個節目現在正在播出
You aren't invited.	你没受到邀请
It's ten minutes' walk to the station.	步行到車站要花十分鐘
Water boils at one hundred degrees.	水在攝氏
The clock has stopped.	時鐘已經停止了
This time, it's different.	這次不一樣
I've never seen Tom so angry.	我从没见过汤姆那么生气
Where do we go?	我们去哪儿
The moon was full last night.	昨晚是满月
Do you like any of these pictures?	你喜歡這些畫裡的任何一幅嗎
I can do it without her help.	沒有她的幫忙我也能做
Don't you know that?	你不知道那件事吗
I gazed at the sea for hours.	我望著海好幾個小時
My cat looks sad.	我的猫看上去很悲伤
A computer is a complex machine.	电脑是个复杂的机器
I've had a bath.	我洗了澡
Nobody should be worried.	沒人應該擔心
I have to go to the bathroom.	我要去廁所
I know that Tom is a little worried.	我知道汤姆有点担心
I do not know for certain when he will come.	我不确定他什么时候来
Why don't you eat vegetables?	为什么你不吃蔬菜
What's this song? I've heard it before, but I can't remember the name.	这是什么歌
I consider fruit to be the healthiest food.	我將水果視為最健康的食物
That is mine.	那是我的
Tom is a very talented writer.	汤姆是个很有才华的作家
We don't like our neighbors, and they don't like us, either.	我們不喜歡我們的鄰居
Dust got into one of my eyes.	灰塵鑽進了我的一隻眼睛
She really wants to go.	她特别想去
Let's play soccer.	去踢足球吧
She didn't like the horse at first.	起初她不喜歡馬
I've got lots of questions.	我有许多问题
Everybody wished he had been elected governor.	每個人都希望他當選州長
The doctor cured him of his cancer.	醫生治好了他的癌症
I'm thinking of going abroad next year.	我在考虑明年去国外
There is no chance of rain today.	今天没有任何下雨的可能性
You can have this watch for nothing.	你可以免費擁有這支手錶
It's supper time.	吃晚飯的時間到了
You'll soon get used to speaking in public.	你很快就会习惯在大庭广众说话了
He'll be taking an exam next week.	他下禮拜要考試
Do you have some?	你有嗎
He arrived in time.	他及時趕到
He always gets bullied at school.	他在學校老是被人欺負
English is a universal language and is used all over the world.	英語是一種世界性的語言
You dropped your pencil.	你把你的铅笔弄掉了
You can stay here if you like.	你要是願意就留在這裡
I will stay until tomorrow.	我會留到明天
I can't walk.	我走不了
I was born on October 10th, 1972.	我在一九七二年十月十日出生
Tom's intentions were quite clear.	湯姆的目的很明顯
We had a late lunch at two.	我們在兩點鐘吃了晚午餐
I'm not wearing any underwear.	我沒穿內衣
Afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the truth.	怕傷害了他的感情
I have to take the test again.	我必須再考一次試
Tom is fluent in French.	湯姆的法語說的很流暢
I don't have time to read.	我没时间阅读
Don't speak unless you have something worth saying.	除非你有什么值得说的话要说
That's thirty meters long.	那個長
I am a new student.	我是个新生
I just stayed at home and watched TV.	我只是待在家里看电视
Tom is able to swim well.	湯姆游泳可以游得很好
Tom fixed his bicycle.	湯姆修好了他的自行車
If we don't hurry, we'll miss our train.	再不快点我们就赶不上火车了
It doesn't mean anything.	这什么都说明不了
I really have to be going.	我真的得走了
The explosion that followed killed many people.	很多人在随后的爆炸中死去
Tom is Mary's former husband.	湯姆是瑪麗的前夫
Tom visited Boston last year.	湯姆去年去了波士頓
He fought against racial discrimination.	他反对种族歧视
Is it OK to take pictures here?	这里允许拍照吗
She usually gets up early.	她通常很早起床
English is an international language.	英語是國際語言
I've been busy writing a short story.	我一直忙于写一部短篇小说
The picnic was called off because of the rain.	由于下雨
Studying abroad is very common now.	現在出國留學是很常見的了
He eats lunch at a cafeteria.	他在自助餐廳吃午餐
Call me if you discover anything.	如果你發現什麼
I used to play tennis.	我以前打网球
Tom left a note for Mary on her desk.	湯姆給瑪麗在她桌上留了便條
Tom has next to nothing in his wallet.	汤姆的钱包里几乎什么都没有
Tom knows exactly how I like my hair done.	汤姆很清楚我喜欢什么样的发型
I can't concentrate on my work because of the noise.	由于噪音
I saw him sawing a tree.	我看见他正在锯一棵树
English is difficult to learn.	英語很難學
They say that she was born in Germany.	他们说她是在德国出生的
Tom could have dealt with the problem in a better way.	汤姆本可以用更好的方式处理问题
I can't say.	我不能说
He's always been living in Tokyo.	他一直住在東京
She went upstairs.	她上樓了
Since the orbits are elliptical, the planets do not always have the same distance from the Sun.	由於軌道是橢圓形的
Tom seems to be very happy.	汤姆看起来非常开心
My sister is playing with a doll.	我妹妹正在玩洋娃娃
What is new?	有什么新鲜事吗
Is Tom in a lot of trouble?	汤姆是不是麻烦事很多
I haven't eaten for many days.	我好多天沒吃東西了
Take a sweater with you so you don't catch a cold.	为了不感冒
He finally got his wish.	他終於如願以償了
I got lucky.	我运气很好
This hall can hold 5,000 people.	这个大厅可以容纳
Tom didn't seem to be intimidated.	汤姆似乎没有被吓到
The old man gave the child shelter.	這位老人收容了這個孩子
There was no one in the room besides Tom and Mary.	除了汤姆和玛丽
How do you say this word?	你们怎么读这个词
Tom is living somewhere in Boston.	湯姆住在波士頓某地
We know that.	我们知道
Shut the door on your way out.	出去的时候把门关上
She has a view that is different from mine.	她持有与我不同的观点
Tom hasn't complained yet.	湯姆還沒有抱怨
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?	我需要写一封信
Give me a light, would you?	借個火
He told me that he was busy then.	他告诉我他那时很忙
Let me cut the carrots.	胡萝卜我来切吧
The soldier groaned with pain.	這名士兵痛苦地呻吟
I received her letter yesterday.	昨天我收到了她的信
I wouldn't buy anything in this store.	我不会在这家店买任何东西
Most boys like computer games.	大多数男生喜欢电脑游戏
Tom didn't know how to translate the word "computer" because the people he was talking to had never seen one.	汤姆不知如何翻译
Tom was fired.	湯姆被解僱了
Hi, my name is Tom. What is yours?	你好
Excuse me, where is the train station?	抱歉
Nothing happened.	什麼事都沒有發生
Be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to London.	别忘了一到伦敦就给我们留言啊
You can trust him to keep his word.	你可以相信他会信守诺言
What time will you leave the office?	你几点离开办公室
Do you think Tom was satisfied?	你認為湯姆滿意了嗎
She called me many a time.	她叫了我很多次
She is drunk with happiness.	她陶醉在幸福裡
How many books are on the shelf?	櫃子上有幾本書
Why didn't you call me last night?	怎么你昨晚没有给我打电话
I asked Tom to open the window.	我請湯姆把窗戶打開
It won't take so long.	它不會花很長的時間
We're going to have to change our plans.	我們快要到必須改變我們計畫的時候了
I would like to go with you.	我想和你一起走
Do you like Indian food?	你喜歡印度菜嗎
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
Tom doesn't have a lot of money.	汤姆没有很多钱
He lied to me.	他对我撒谎
I'm happy to see you here.	我很高興在這裡看到你
What will you have for lunch today?	你今天午餐吃什么
I had to choose between the two.	我必須在兩者中選擇
She is able to speak ten languages.	她会十门语言
Are you sad?	你在难过吗
That's what I think, too.	我也是這麼想的
Tom started singing.	湯姆開始唱歌
We don't have any other choice.	我们别无选择
Japan imports various raw materials from abroad.	日本從國外進口各種原料
Why do you hate me?	你为什么恨我
He is very brave.	他很勇敢
Almost no one believes her.	几乎没人相信她
I understand how you feel.	我明白你的感覺
Keep this lesson in mind.	记好了这教训
The food isn't very good here.	這裡的食物不是很好
Did you get the package I sent you?	你收到我寄給你的包裹了嗎
Tom says they need more time.	汤姆说他们需要更多时间
At first, I thought they were sick.	一开始
Do you know how the accident happened?	你知道這個意外是如何發生的嗎
He became a pianist.	他成為了一個鋼琴家
We kept our fingers crossed.	我们试图让手指互相交错
Car accidents are the leading cause of death for teenagers in the United States.	交通事故是美国青少年死亡的主要原因
He was expelled from school.	他被逐出了学校
We have ample time to catch our train.	我们有充裕的时间赶上火车
I can't follow his logic.	我无法理解他的逻辑
No man can serve two masters.	没有人可以共侍二主
I have made up my mind to achieve my goals in three years.	我下定决心要在三年之内达成目标
Get out of this house.	滚出房子
London, where I live, used to be famous for its fog.	我住的地方
He has seven sons.	他有七个儿子
I'm going to see Tom in the morning.	我早上去見湯姆
I go to school here, too.	我也在这儿上学
How long did you think the picnic was going to last?	你認為野餐要多長時間
I cut myself shaving this morning.	我今天早上刮鬍子的時候把自己弄傷了
I'm eating rice now.	我现在正在吃米饭
This book will be very useful to us.	这本书会对我们有很大用处
I spent last Sunday reading a novel.	我上週日花時間看了一本小說
We enjoyed ourselves at the party.	我們在派對上玩得很開心
I like soccer.	我喜歡足球
Please give me the menu.	請給我菜單
It's been snowing all night.	雪下了一整夜
Tom smiled.	汤姆笑了
I don't understand.	我不懂
You'd better consult the doctor.	你最好请教一下医生
He kicked the ball into the goal.	他把球踢進了球門
I have to ask you something.	我得问你点事
I don't want any more.	我不想要了
This is a very important meeting.	這是個很重要的會議
I could never be like you.	我不能像你一樣
Who did you talk to?	你和谁说话呢
I'm just looking around.	我只是到處看看
He majors in English literature.	他主修英國文學
This little girl let the birds escape.	這個小女孩讓小鳥脫逃了
Which hat is yours?	哪顶帽子是你的
Did you see it?	您看见它了吗
At what age do you want to get married?	你想到几岁才结婚呢
Do you really mean that?	你是认真的吗
Someone told me about that.	有人跟我說這件事
May I be the first to offer my congratulations.	希望我是第一个祝贺的人
That wasn't too bad.	那不太坏
I went shopping last Saturday.	上週六我去購物
You gave me the wrong change.	你找錯了零錢給我
I won't tell Tom what he should do.	我不会告诉汤姆他该做什么
Tom didn't like the idea of Mary going out with John.	汤姆希望玛丽不会跟约翰谈恋爱
He came back not because he was homesick, but because he was running short of money.	他不是因為想家
You broke the rules.	你触犯了规则
Scotland is famous for its woollen textiles.	蘇格蘭以其羊毛紡織品而著名
I'm going to check out at eight.	我會在八點鐘的時候登出
Mary said she would do her homework.	瑪麗說她會做她的功課
The king crushed his enemies.	國王摧毀了他的敵人
Where is the bus stop for downtown?	到市區的公車站牌在哪裡
I still need an answer.	我仍然需要一个答案
He gave the same answer as before.	他給了跟以前一樣的回答
Did Tom tell you it was an emergency?	你告诉汤姆那是紧急情况了吗
You get up early, don't you?	你很早起床
Don't make fun of old people.	不要捉弄老人家
That's an original idea.	那是原创的想法
I can solve the problem by myself.	我可以自己解決這個問題
Tom's bleeding.	汤姆在流血
A fork fell off the table.	叉子从桌上掉了下来
I took a picture of my family.	我為我的家人拍了照片
I can't stay.	我不能留下
This whisky is too strong.	这种威士忌太烈了
He is not as smart as his older brother.	他不像他的兄长那样聪明
I believe he is coming tomorrow.	我相信他明天會來
I have no place to sleep tonight.	我今晚沒地方睡覺
I can't sleep at night.	我有失眠症
I didn't catch your last name.	我没听到您的姓
You're too young to be doing that.	你太年轻了
Cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase.	癌症如果在第一阶段被发现的话是很容易治愈的
Tom hasn't missed any of Mary's concerts.	汤姆没有错过一场玛丽的音乐会
At lunchtime today, our usual restaurant was closed because of a funeral in the family.	今天午餐時間
She was crying as she answered.	她邊哭邊回答
He doesn't look his age.	他的长相与年龄不符
You should read many books when you are young.	當你年輕的時候
Tom checked the TV schedule to see what was on.	汤姆检查电视时间表
She used to play tennis on Sunday.	她以前在週日打網球
I know this area pretty well.	我很瞭解這地方
I don't know how to handle children.	我不知道如何對待孩子
This last song is one I wrote for my wife.	最后一首歌是我为妻子写的一首
Let me introduce my friends to you.	我给你介绍介绍我的朋友
You shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around.	孩子们在旁边的时候
Some boys came into the classroom.	有些男孩走進了教室
It was hot yesterday.	昨天的天气很热
My father objected to our marriage.	我的父親反對我們的婚姻
The basket was full of strawberries.	篮子里装满了草莓
I'm pregnant.	我怀孕了
It is going to rain very soon.	很快就要下雨了
This is the cutest puppy I've ever seen.	這是我見過最可愛的小狗
Come again any time.	隨時再來
Tom turned right when he should've turned left.	汤姆本该往左转却往右转了
The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941.	日本人在一九四一年十二月七日襲擊珍珠港
Tom had to remind Mary to feed the dog.	汤姆必须提醒玛丽喂狗
Tom didn't let his children go to Mary's party.	湯姆沒有讓他的孩子們去瑪莉的派對
Don't tell me you didn't know.	别跟我说你不知道
Please help yourself to the cake.	你自己拿蛋糕吃吧
I don't want to eat lunch now.	我现在不想吃午饭
If it rains tomorrow, we will go there by car.	如果明天下雨
I can read German, but I can't speak it.	我能看懂德语
He patted me on the shoulder.	他拍拍我的肩膀
I know that this is important to you.	我知道这对您来说很重要
I don't like to leave things up in the air.	我不喜歡讓事情懸而未決
There are a lot of eggs in the box.	这个盒子里有很多蛋
I was the last one to turn in my test.	我是最后交的考试卷
Do you like playing volleyball?	你喜歡打排球嗎
I'm not as optimistic as you are.	我没有你那么乐观
I came to Japan to see Kyoto.	我來日本看京都
I can't let you give me your last ten dollars.	我不能讓你把你最後的十美圓給我
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?	你吃過日本料理嗎
I can't bear to deal with her anymore.	我再也忍受不了她了
I don't regret it.	我不後悔
Tom was a nurse.	汤姆是个护士
I can't believe that you love me.	我不能相信你愛我
We haven't yet been told what we need to do.	還沒人告訴我們要做甚麼
I think Tom really likes Mary.	我認為湯姆真心喜歡瑪麗
Her hair grew back.	她的頭髮長回來了
Time flies.	时间匆匆走过
This clock loses three minutes a day.	这个钟每天慢三分钟
The company spends a lot of money on advertising.	那家公司在广告上花了很多钱
I've something interesting to tell you that you might find surprising.	我有有趣的事要告诉你
Aren't you a musician?	你不是音乐家
It's too dark to play tennis now.	現在太暗了不能打網球
He caught a cold.	他感冒了
It's a really good school.	真是個好学校
I bought a dozen pencils today.	我今天買了一打鉛筆
I got lost in the forest.	我在树林里迷路了
I like mathematics.	我喜歡數學
I understand it more or less.	我大概懂了
It's just a cold.	只是感冒而已
Please turn on the radio.	请打开收音机
I believe you'll get over it soon.	我相信你很快就能复原
I'm not ashamed of my father being poor.	我父亲很穷并不让我觉得丢脸
Give me a cigarette.	给我支香烟吧
He called me a taxi.	他替我叫了一部計程車
Go and buy three bottles of coke.	去買三瓶可樂
They only sell women's shoes here.	这里只卖女鞋
We left the final decision to him.	我們讓他做最後的決定
It won't change anything.	這樣做的話什麼都不會改變的
I don't have a desk in my bedroom.	我的臥室裡沒有桌子
All I really want to do is talk to Tom.	我真正想做的就是跟湯姆說話
The professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand.	那个教授讲得太快了
Tom and I are both tired.	汤姆和我都累了
What kind of food do you have?	你们有什么菜
When she was three years old, her father died.	她父亲在她三岁时死了
I'm a member of the swimming club.	我是游泳社的成員
I didn't mean it.	我不是这个意思
My sister got married in her teens.	我妹妹在她十幾歲時就結婚
Would you close the window?	請您把窗戶關起來好嗎
I'm going to bed. Good night.	我要睡了
Tom started as a janitor, but he's now the president of the company.	汤姆最初是看门人
Fasten your seat belt.	系上您的安全带
Have fun.	玩得開心
She had the nerve to speak out.	她竟敢說出來
No matter how hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.	无论我多么努力尝试
I like English best of all subjects.	所有学科中
We're all looking forward to seeing you and your family.	我们都期待看到你和你的家人
We were driven to the wall.	我们被逼得走投无路了
Tom lived in a small fishing village.	汤姆住在一个小渔村
What did you do over the weekend?	你整個週末做了什麼
Do we have anything I can snack on?	我們有任何我可以當零食吃的東西嗎
Tom just wants my money.	湯姆就是想要我的錢
She can assess investments very accurately.	她能很准确地评估投资
There's a possibility that you'll have to do that.	你有可能不得不那么做
That movie is worth seeing.	那部电影有看的价值
She was in trouble because she lost her passport.	她遇到了麻煩
I think you've mistaken me for someone else.	我想你將我認成別人了
She's good at tennis.	她擅長打網球
Please don't get me wrong.	千万别误会我的意思
I need my coat.	我需要我的大衣
I looked, but I didn't see anything.	我看過了
"Pass me the salt, please." "Here you are."	“	请把盐递给我
I'd like three pounds of chicken.	我要三磅的雞肉
I got acquainted with her in France.	我在法國認識了她
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle.	你昨天看到的那个男人是我叔叔
He used to live here.	他以前住在这儿
It seemed that she had already received the money.	看来她已经收到了钱
Here's an even better one.	这里有个更好的
On Mondays, he's always at home.	他星期一總是在家
He doesn't seem to be an American.	他似乎不是美國人
They are satisfied.	他们满意了
Tom cares about you.	汤姆关心你
She made room for an old lady.	她讓出個空間給一位老太太
Have you heard about the accident?	你聽說過這場意外嗎
My back still hurts.	我的背還在痛
The pond is 3 meters deep.	这个池塘有三米深
What's it like being Tom's girlfriend?	做汤姆的女朋友怎么样
Tom can't go home until after 2:30.	汤姆在
Can I ask you a question?	我可以問您一個問題嗎
Tom often falls asleep in class.	汤姆经常在课堂上睡着
My hometown is very pretty.	我的家乡非常漂亮
I am in the habit of taking some exercise before breakfast.	我在吃早餐前有運動的習慣
Are you a high school student?	你是高中生嗎
He was disappointed that things didn't turn out as he'd hoped.	事情没能如他所愿让他感到失望
The surrounding area was very quiet.	周圍的地區非常安靜
I'm sorry.	对不起
I could answer all the questions.	我可以回答所有问题
He works with me at the office.	他跟我在這間辦公室一起工作
When are you going to quit smoking?	你何時要戒煙
In case of fire, ring the bell.	萬一發生火災
I don't think he is truthful.	我不觉得他很诚实
When did you try hugging Tom?	你什么时候试着抱过汤姆
I'll never be able to live this down.	我以後不能在這鎮上生活了
The idea is still in my mind.	这个想法仍然在我心中
Tom plays chess very well.	汤姆下棋下得很好
I hope you'll get well soon.	我希望您快就会好起来
What subjects do you like the best?	你最喜歡什麼科目
The boy is kind.	他是个好孩子
I do not trust him any longer.	我再也不相信他了
That scandal cost him his reputation.	丑闻让他付出了失去声誉的代价
Won't you join us for dinner?	你不來跟我們一起吃晚飯嗎
Japan is located in the Northern Hemisphere.	日本位於北半球
This ticket is good for three days.	这张票三日有效
He glanced at his watch.	他看了一眼他的表
Something's really weird here.	這裡有些事真怪
What don't you want us to see?	你不想让我们看见什么
Underage drinking is a crime.	未满年龄饮酒是罪行
Smoking is prohibited.	禁止吸烟
It's totally dark outside.	外面一片漆黑
I plan to spend the New Year's holiday in Australia.	我打算在澳大利亚过新年
Tom says he isn't sure if he can do that, but he says he'll try.	汤姆说他不确定是否能做到
An ugly man knocked on my door.	一个丑男人敲了我的门
He has a good knowledge of French.	她很懂法語
I grow tomatoes and onions in my garden.	我在花园种了番茄和洋葱
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.	你所要做的便是好好把握這千載難逢的機會
You can buy stamps at any post office.	你在任何一家邮局都能买到邮票
My father likes tennis.	我爸爸喜歡網球
I think that she knows the truth.	我覺得她知道真相
Mind your own business!	管好你自己的事吧
Why did you try to run away?	为什么你企图逃走
Nobody likes being laughed at.	沒有人喜歡被人嘲笑
He helped an old lady get up from her seat.	他幫忙一位老太太從位子上站起來
Excess of politeness is annoying.	禮貌過度是煩人的
I wish I earned more money.	我希望我賺更多的錢
Is it you?	是你吗
Get down on the floor!	趴在地上
Do I need surgery?	我需要做手术吗
What fruit do you like the best?	你最喜欢什么水果
I want something to read.	我要些讀的東西
Do you know how to drive?	您会开车吗
If she had married you, she would be happy now.	如果她和你结婚了
She had just come home when I called.	我打电话的时候
I'm ready to leave.	我准备好出发了
The number of people suffering from heart disease has increased.	遭受心脏病困扰的人数增加了
I don't like you.	我不喜欢你
That's a pencil.	那是一支铅笔
I've been feeling a little restless.	我有點不安
Hi.	嗨
He may be on the next train.	他可能在下一班火車上
Who invented that?	那是谁发明的
Would you please turn off the TV?	请把电视机关掉好吗
None of the teachers could solve the problem.	这道题目没有一位老师会做
Thanks for everything.	感谢你做的所有事
Is there anything I must do?	有什么事是我该做的吗
She used to visit me regularly.	她以前定期來看我
You'll never be alone.	你永远不会一个人的
I need glue.	我需要胶水
What woke you up?	什麼吵醒你了
Isn't this weather just great!	天氣真是太好了
Mary is sitting at the desk.	瑪麗正坐在辦公桌旁
Champagne, please.	给我香槟
Carry on with your work.	繼續工作
Never give up.	决不放弃
I like tea.	我喜欢茶
The table was covered with dust.	桌子被灰尘覆盖
A fire broke out in my neighborhood last night.	昨晚我领居家着火了
You should apologize to Dad for not coming home in time for supper.	你應該為你沒有及時回家吃晚餐向你父親道歉
I should have left earlier.	我應該要早點出發的
Tom will never see you again.	汤姆以后再也不会见你了
The moon is the earth's only satellite.	月球是地球唯一的卫星
I think that Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.	我觉得当汤姆发现他买来的画是赝品的时候
I asked him about the accident.	我問他關於這個意外的事
She passed away peacefully in her sleep.	她在睡眠中安详地去世了
Life begins when we realize who we really are.	当我们明白真正的自己时
That car is really expensive.	那辆汽车真的很贵
The war lasted nearly ten years.	這場戰爭持續了將近十年
He likes to listen to the radio.	他喜歡聽收音機
He owes his success both to working hard and to good luck.	他的成功要归结于他的辛勤工作和好运气
I'm not feeling well.	我感觉不舒服
This river is the widest in Europe.	这条河是欧洲最宽的
Tom and Mary own a small organic farm.	汤姆和玛丽拥有一个小型的有机农场
We went halfway up the mountain.	我們爬到了半山腰
I think that would be fun.	我認為那會很有意思
You can go wherever you want.	你想去哪里都可以
There's a bottle of white wine in the refrigerator.	冰箱里有一瓶白葡萄酒
He must love you.	他一定很愛你
She looks blue for some reason.	由于某些原因
Can you solve this puzzle?	你能解開這個謎嗎
The house is burning.	這房子正在燃燒著
Everything is ready.	一切就绪
Does your school have a library?	你的学校有图书馆吗
He cured my illness.	我的病给他治好了
We want one.	我們要一個
I live near here.	我住在這附近
I met him on my way home.	我在回家的路上遇到了他
The sample is not pure enough.	样本不够纯净
My job is to wash dishes.	我的工作是洗盤子
My father has been in good shape since his operation.	自从手术后
She slept for a few hours.	她睡了几小时
He was satisfied with the work he had done.	他对自己的劳动成果很满意
What time did your friend go home?	你朋友幾點鐘回家
If you don't know the answers, guess.	如果你不知道答案
Please find a solution to the problem.	请找到问题的解决方法
Someone is calling you.	有人在叫你
My sister sometimes makes our dinner.	我的妹妹有時為我們做晚餐
At first, I thought I was sick.	一开始
I'll play a sonata for you.	我要为你演奏一首奏鸣曲
He left his luggage at the station.	他把他的行李留在車站
Do you have an extra English dictionary by any chance?	您碰巧有一本額外的英文字典嗎
My brother was injured in the car accident.	我哥在车祸中受伤了
Hi, my name is Tom. What's your name?	你好
This doesn't concern you.	跟你没半毛钱关系
They serve excellent food here.	他們這裡提供一流的美食
This is only one of the things we found.	这只是我们发现的东西之一
It's up to you.	由你來決定
Do you meet him often?	你常常跟他見面嗎
He bought himself a dog.	他給自己買了一隻狗
We got lost in the forest.	我们在树林中迷路了
Tom is older than me.	湯姆年紀比我大
He majored in drama at college.	他在大學主修戲劇
Your pen is better than mine.	你的笔比我的好
They moved here two years ago.	他們兩年前搬到了這裡
Many parents think it's important for their children to eat before 8:00 p.m.	許多父母認為讓自己的子女在下午八點前吃完飯是很重要的
Do you know how to use a computer?	您会使用计算机吗
We've had it analyzed.	我们已经将它做了分析
What is it that you want?	你想要什麼
I've promised Tom that I'd be there.	我答应汤姆我会去那里
This is a picture of my sister.	這是我姊姊的照片
Can I get my money back?	我是不是能收回我的钱
The doctor called him back.	医生把他叫了回来
He dried his wet clothes by the fire.	他在火旁烘干他的湿衣服
She wrapped herself in a blanket.	她用一條毯子把自己裹起來
I don't like reading at all.	我一点都不喜欢阅读
I understand how to solve the problem.	我明白怎么解决问题
This is a crucial point.	这是一个关键点
If I were invisible I wouldn't have to dress myself.	若我是隱形的
You can shut up now.	你現在可以住口了
She has blue eyes.	她有蓝色的眼睛
The bottle is filled with water.	這個瓶子裝滿了水
It isn't your problem.	不是你的問題
I don't like my hair at all.	我根本不喜歡我的頭髮
Tom told me he hated Christmas.	汤姆告诉我他讨厌圣诞节
My album is here.	我的相簿在這裡
This is Greek to me.	看起来像天书
Tom didn't come after all.	汤姆最终没来
Tom is thirty.	汤姆今年三十岁
You don't need to do that right away.	你没必要马上去做
That's the part I liked best.	那是我最喜歡的部分
I went to the park last Sunday.	上個星期天我去了公園
I owe my success to his help.	我的成功要归功于他
I want to become an engineer.	我想要成為一位工程師
When we started out, our band could only find small clubs in small cities that would hire us.	我们的乐队刚起步时
I want to take a bath.	我要洗澡
She hired him as a programmer.	她聘請他作程式設計師
It takes us a long time to master a foreign language.	精通一门外语需要很长时间
They sleep in separate bedrooms even though they're married.	他们分房睡
She was scared to cross the road.	她怕過馬路
Tom is afraid of everyone.	湯姆害怕每個人
I plan on going there.	我打算去那裡
Don't you want to know the reason?	你不想知道为什么吗
She is better at speaking English than any of her classmates.	她的英語說得比班上任何人都好
Your plan requires a large amount of money.	你的计划需要一大笔钱
How many bowls do we have?	我们有几个碗
Spring has come.	春天到了
We'll be late if we don't hurry.	再不快点就迟到了噢
I'm sure that it'll be fun.	我确定它将会很有趣
That was wrong.	那样是错的
I wonder what this phrase means.	我想知道这句话的意思
The American flag has fifty stars.	美国国旗有五十颗星
I got up at seven.	我
Would you like some coffee?	你要喝咖啡吗
He told me to be kind to others.	他叫我对别人好一点
I advised her to come by 9:00.	我建議她九點前來
The rocket was launched into space.	火箭發射進入太空
Have you ever seen Tom when he's angry?	你有看见过汤姆生气的时候吗
The curtain fell.	谢幕了
We're humans.	我们是人
We're staying at our uncle's.	我们待在舅舅家
Life isn't fair, is it?	人生是不公平的
My aunt made me a new skirt.	我姑姑做了一條新裙子給我
Can this be eaten?	这个能吃吗
He was snoring loudly while he slept.	他睡着的时候
Is that your bedroom?	這是你的臥室嗎
I want to become a teacher of Japanese.	我想成为日语老师
Mary has as attractive a personality as her sister.	玛丽性格很好
Who did you give that to?	你把東西交給誰了
Some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old.	有些宝宝甚至在一岁之前就学习游泳了
Who told you to write with your left hand?	谁跟你说用左手写字的
Did you read the article?	你看文章了没
We'll find some other way to do that.	再想别的办法吧
I brought you a little something.	我给你带了点东西
I'll do it.	我會做的
I remember the way you used to dance.	我记得你以前跳舞的方式
I've decided to go a little further.	我准备再前进一点
My apartment is near here.	我的公寓在這附近
His advice didn't help at all.	他的建议完全没用
Don't bother me.	别来烦我
Don't begin without me.	我不在就别开始
I think Tom is very cool.	我認為湯姆很酷
It's not good for anybody.	这对任何人都不好
I promise that I'll do it.	我保证我会做的
Long time, no see.	好久不见了
The landscape is unfamiliar to me.	风景对我来说很陌生
She may have missed the 7:00 train.	她可能錯過了七點的火車
Tom made some mistakes on the test.	湯姆在考試中犯了一些錯誤
I worked in a post office during the summer vacation.	暑假期间
Nobody asked.	没人问过
I'm fairly confident that I can do that.	我相当有自信我能做到这一点
I saw a light in the distance.	我看见远处有灯光
Give me something to eat.	給我點東西吃
Are you saying my life is in danger?	你在说我有生命危险吗
Lincoln was elected President in 1860.	林肯在
They're talking.	他們在說話
I wish I were in Paris now.	但願我現在在巴黎
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.	只有一點點的知識是危險的事
I take care of my grandfather.	我照顧我的爺爺
What are you laughing at?	你在笑什么呢
His room is always tidy.	他的房間總是很整齊
I am not going anywhere on Sunday.	我週日哪裡也不去
Tom doesn't quite get it. Could you explain it to him again?	汤姆不大明白
Going out in this rain is out of the question.	在雨中走出去是不可能的
I guess it's only a joke.	估计那就是个笑话吧
Four hundred million people speak English as their first language.	四億人以英語作為他們的第一語言
Do you like cats?	你喜歡貓嗎
She went to Italy to study music.	她去了意大利學習音樂
This is the place where the battle took place.	这是战斗发生的地方
You made a wise choice.	你做了一個明智的選擇
Are there any questions?	有什么问题吗
Tom is wearing what he wore yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
I broke my arm.	我的手臂斷了
We managed to swim across the river.	我們成功地游過了河
I love my work very much.	我非常喜欢我的工作
Tom has lived in Boston for over a year.	汤姆住在波士顿已经一年多了
Once he had written the letter, he sent it.	信一写好
Tell Tom what you heard.	把你听到的告诉汤姆
I've recently given up smoking.	我最近戒烟了
She can do both at the same time.	她可以同时做这两件事
Please don't speak so fast.	请不要说得那么快
Are you good at cooking?	你擅长烹饪吗
I can't reach that can of tomatoes.	我搆不到那罐番茄罐頭
I haven't changed.	我没改变
He likes to listen to the radio.	他喜歡聽廣播
We have a door between our offices.	我們的辦公室之間有扇門
He's about the same age as you are.	他跟您年纪差不多
Don't leave your work half finished.	别留着一半工作没干
Leaves are falling.	葉子正在落下來
I'm free today.	我今天有空
Thanks!	谢谢
The people were evacuated because of the flood.	人们因为洪水被疏散了
Sentences begin with a capital letter.	句子以一個大寫字母開頭
When do you want to go?	你什麼時候要去
I've finished reading that book.	我讀完了那本書
Are you going or not?	你去還是不去
We ordered too much food.	我們點太多食物了
Give me the report.	给我报告
It's hard to believe that Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.	真难相信汤姆不知道玛丽爱他
I'm sorry, but I can't answer right away.	我很抱歉
Please knock on the door.	请敲门
Are you listening to English?	你在聽英語嗎
If you have time, let's go shopping.	要是你有空的话
You don't get up as early as your sister, do you?	你比你妹妹起得晚
Say it in English.	用英语说
Are you a student?	你是學生嗎
I hope he will wait for me.	我希望他會等我
He is likely to be late again.	他可能又遲到了
The sky is clear and full of stars.	天空晴朗
There's not a drop of water left.	沒有剩下一滴水
Tom's married.	汤姆已经结婚了
We have five English lessons a week.	我們一週有五堂英語課
Crocodiles have sharp teeth.	鳄鱼有尖利的牙齿
Pick up the phone.	接一下电话
If you don't want to go, you don't need to.	如果你不想去
Tom heard nothing.	汤姆什么也没听见
I don't think Tom understands that.	我不認為湯姆明白
He's a little pale.	他有点苍白
Is it necessary for me to explain the reason to him?	我有必要向他解释原因吗
Tom embraced his son.	汤姆抱他儿子
I know that feeling.	我知道那種感覺
Welcome to our home.	欢迎来到我们家
He is good at dealing with children.	他擅長應付小孩子
I will love you forever.	我會永遠愛你
I didn't mean to wake you.	我沒打算叫醒你
She hung the picture upside down.	她把画挂反了
Tom watched TV yesterday.	Tom	昨天看了电视
All people are born equal.	人人生来平等
They don't need a reason.	他们不需要理由
He spared no pains to help me.	他不遺餘力幫助我
I left it on the table.	我把它留在桌上了
I'm at home.	我在家
He proposed a reform in the educational system.	他提议对教育系统进行改革
How is this plan?	这计划如何
Remember to cross your t's.	记得在字母
Why did they turn down your proposal?	他們為什麼否決了你的建議呢
Tom put a lot of honey on his toast.	汤姆往他的面包片上放了许多蜂蜜
I wasn't alone then.	我当时不孤单
I don't like being the one who always has to milk the cow.	我不喜欢做那个总是挤牛奶的人
It's not a bug. It's an undocumented feature.	这不是一个漏洞
You'd better go now.	你最好现在就走
The door is locked at nine o'clock.	這個門在九點鐘的時候是鎖著的
I'll call for you at eight tomorrow morning.	我明早八点来接你
Your view is too optimistic.	你的看法過於樂觀
You're an excellent journalist.	你是个优秀的记者
Eating raw eggs could be bad for you.	吃生蛋可能是危險的
I'm not your mother.	我不是你們的媽媽
I have several silver coins.	我有幾枚銀幣
I hate being alone on Valentine's Day.	我讨厌在情人节一人独处
I don't have time to go there today.	我今天没有时间去那里了
Let's take a ten-minute break.	讓我們休息
I need a new toothbrush.	我需要一把新的牙刷
Why is snow white?	为什么雪是白色的呢
They attempted to break through the enemy line.	他们试图冲破敌军防线
I want something to drink now.	我現在想要喝點東西
She began to sing.	她开始唱歌了
I couldn't answer all of the questions.	我不能回答所有的問題
He bought me a new dictionary.	他買給我一本新字典
That river is dangerous to swim in.	在這條河裡游泳很危險
Tom probably wouldn't do something that stupid.	湯姆應該不會做那麼蠢的事
How often do the buses run?	公共汽車隔多久一班
Permit me to do that for you.	请允许我为你做
This dog is white.	這隻狗是白色的
Tom will now be proud of me.	汤姆现在会以我为傲
Where are you now?	你现在在哪里呢
I'm a night owl.	我是個夜貓子
I'll write or phone you next week.	下周我会给你写信或打电话的
I remember locking the door.	我記得鎖門了
I believe you are honest.	我相信你是诚实的
He traveled around the country.	他周遊全國各地
At last, the bus stopped.	公车最终停了下来
They look familiar.	他们很眼熟
He was elected mayor.	他被选为市长
This is worth one million yen.	這值
There is no connection between them.	两者没有关联
Please be quiet.	請安靜
Tom found a skeleton in the cave.	汤姆在洞穴里找到了一具骨架
I'm tired of watching television.	我看電視看到厭煩了
It isn't a watch.	這不是手錶
I wouldn't sell that at any price.	任何價格我都不會賣
A bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain.	如果你把自行車留在雨中
Don't distract me while I am studying.	我学习的时候不要打扰我
She takes piano lessons once a week.	她每周上一次钢琴课
I changed trains at Tokyo Station.	我在東京站換火車
I'll help you escape.	我会帮你逃跑的
She plays tennis in the morning.	她早上打網球
Tom will be able to swim soon.	湯姆將很快就會游泳了
I heard Tom screaming.	我听到汤姆尖叫
Do you have this in a bigger size?	你有比這個再大一點的尺寸嗎
I am just going for a walk.	我只是去散散步
Tom promised to try again.	湯姆答應再試一次
Tom gave Mary the cold shoulder.	汤姆给玛丽冷的肩膀
Can I see that?	我能看看那个吗
This is the biggest car in the world.	这是世界上最大的车
Tom says that Mary definitely won't accept the job.	湯姆說瑪麗絕不會接受這工作
Drive carefully.	安全地駕駛
He is sure to succeed.	他一定会成功
We'd better wake Tom up.	我们最好叫醒汤姆
He can play tennis very well.	他网球打得很好
You said you were in trouble. How can I help?	你说你有困难
I'm a student.	我是个学生
My father is healthy.	父亲很健康
What was that meeting about?	那场会议主题是什么
This is their house.	这是他们家
Go at once, otherwise you will be late.	立刻走
She gave me a shy smile.	她給了我一個靦腆的笑容
I want a guitar.	我想要一把吉他
You really are rude, aren't you?	你真的很粗魯
I'm pretty sure Tom is the only one who can tell us what we need to know.	我很确定
Mary showed the letter to me.	瑪麗給我看了這封信
You're so bad.	你真壞
Speaking foreign languages is not easy.	講外語是不容易的
I'll go by myself.	我會自己走
Basketball is a lot of fun.	篮球可真是有意思
The plane takes off in ten minutes.	飞机十分钟后起飞
Tom said that Mary looked very disappointed.	汤姆说玛丽看起来很失望
You look tired.	你看起來很疲倦
When were you planning on telling Tom about what happened?	你准备啥时候告诉
Looking down, we saw a concrete jungle.	我們往下看
Can you hold on a second?	你能等一下嗎
You didn't come to school yesterday, did you?	你昨天沒來學校
He took it for granted that I knew the answer.	他觉得我理所应当知道答案
I got there in time for the train.	我准时赶上了火车
Please give my regards to your father.	请替我向你父亲问好
My business has at last gotten on the right track.	我的生意终于走上了正轨
Tom went blind.	汤姆失明了
I went there to see her.	我去那里看望她
I know everything that you've done.	我知道你做的所有事
Why don't we go home?	我们何不回家呢
You don't need to study today.	你今天不必讀書
Your answer is wrong.	你的答案是错的
We are all looking forward to seeing you and your family.	我们都期待看到你和你的家人
I've always kept my promises.	我一直遵守我的諾言
I know what you want to do.	我知道你要干什么
They're not afraid of hard work.	他們不怕艱苦的工作
He doesn't always come late.	他不是总来晚
I finally got hold of that book I wanted.	我最终得到了我要的那本书
I want you to read this letter.	我想你读一下这封信
Mom is getting dinner ready.	媽媽快把晚餐準備好了
He knows how to read Chinese.	他看得懂中文
I was born on April 3, 1950.	我出生于
He cannot sing well.	他歌兒唱得不咋地
Tom told Mary that she was right.	汤姆告诉玛丽她是对的
Now it's your serve.	現在該你發球
Can you really not swim?	你真的不會游泳嗎
I'm sure you would do the same for me.	我很确定你也会为我做同样的事
Every man has his price.	每个人都有个价
What if something gets broken?	要是有东西坏了呢
This horse has beautiful big eyes.	这匹马有漂亮的大眼睛
Sing a song with me.	和我唱首歌
I had my brother repair my bicycle.	我讓我的哥哥修理我的腳踏車
Compare your answer with Tom's.	比較你和湯姆的答案
The cat caught the rats.	猫抓住了老鼠
We must go to school.	我们必须去学校了
Tom only wears a suit on special occasions.	湯姆只在特殊場合穿西裝
She's Tom's sister.	她是
Will you lend me your CD player for an hour?	你能借我你的
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.	他似乎不知道我父亲和我之间的纠葛
She kept me waiting for 30 minutes.	她让我等了半小时
He fell asleep with the radio on.	他睡著了但收音機還開著
People still think Tom is a liar.	人们仍然认为汤姆说谎
Slavery is a crime against humanity.	奴役制是一种危害人类罪
I want you to take a break.	我想讓你歇歇
He shot an arrow at the deer.	他射了鹿一箭
The planets revolve around the sun.	行星繞著太陽轉
Take your time.	你可以慢慢来
I'll call Tom back.	我会叫汤姆回来
She is as beautiful as her mother is.	她跟她媽媽一樣漂亮
The bell hasn't rung yet.	钟还没响
What kind of meal did you eat?	您吃了什麼樣的膳食
Tom wasn't finished yet.	湯姆還沒完成
I spent all day in the library.	我整天待在图书馆
Tom has been lying all along.	湯姆一直在說謊
Grab hold of the rope.	抓住繩子
This is the town where he was born.	这是他出生的城市
Is your school far from here?	你的学校离这儿远吗
I will take you for a swim.	我會帶你去游泳
Which is your luggage?	哪个是你的行李
The light suddenly went out.	灯突然灭了
Do you think I'm beautiful?	你認為我美嗎
I don't care.	我无所谓
I wish more people felt the same way.	我希望更多的人有同样的感受
They must have arrived home by this time.	他們在這個時候一定已經到家了
It wasn't as expensive as I expected.	它沒有我想像的那麼貴
My city is fifty kilometres from the capital.	我的城市离首都五十千米
That's an imitation.	那是一個仿造品
He is a student at a high school.	他是一名高中學生
The incident was etched in his memory.	这件事他铭记于心
By the way, did you hear that Mary quit her job?	话说
For here, or to go?	內用還是外帶
I'm going to check.	我正要去签到
Aren't you Tom?	你不是湯姆嗎
I don't know what I don't know.	我不知道我不知道什么
He hasn't yet turned in the report this month.	他這個月還沒有提交報告書
I'm running out of ideas.	我没主意了
Where do you suppose you'll spend your vacation?	你认为你会到哪儿度假
He hid his friend from the police.	他把他的朋友藏了起來不讓警察知道
What is it that you need?	你需要什麼
I wish I had a better memory.	但願我有好一點的記憶力
Tom asked Mary where she'd put the key.	湯姆問瑪麗她把鑰匙放在哪裡了
Her father dedicated his life to science.	她父亲把一生都贡献给科学事业了
I'd like to invite you to the party.	我想请你参加派对
The plane took off and was soon out of sight.	飛機起飛後
I've just started playing tennis.	我剛開始打網球
I would like to see it.	我想看看它
I know whose car this is.	我知道这是谁的车
The rumor isn't true.	傳聞不是正確的
How many times a minute does the average person blink?	人平均一分钟眨几次眼睛
The population of Shanghai is as large as that of Tokyo.	上海的人口数量和东京相当
I'm satisfied with his progress.	我對他的進步感到很滿意
You must return the book to him.	这本书你该还给他
I know what I'm doing.	我知道我在做什么
We went for a walk in the forest.	我们去了林中散步
Can I eat this orange?	我能吃这只橙子吗
I refuse to be treated like a slave by you.	我拒绝被你像奴隶一样对待
After he had graduated from the university, he taught English for two years.	從他大學畢業以後
During the Depression in the 1930's, many wealthy people lost everything in the stock market crash.	在十九世纪三十年代的大萧条时期
You're one of my best friends.	你是我最好的朋友之一
He caught them stealing apples.	他抓到了他們在偷蘋果
You look pale today.	你今天看上去很苍白
His mother sat up all night waiting for her son.	他的妈妈坐了一整夜
Water is very important.	水非常重要
Checks are accepted.	我們接受支票
You don't deserve it.	你不配
You made me laugh.	我被你逗乐了
This is the very book you wanted.	這是你非常想要的書
Your book is on the desk.	你的書在書桌上
No one wants that.	这个没人要
I'm so tired.	我好累啊
What do you think of Japanese food?	你覺得日本料理怎麼樣
Tom knows I want to leave as soon as possible.	湯姆知道我想盡早離開
I'm a good cook.	我是个好厨师
I will finish my homework by nine.	我會在九點前完成我的作業
Put the eggs into the boiling water.	把蛋放入沸水中
I'd like to send this package to Japan.	我想把這個包裹寄到日本
Does it matter to you how much it costs?	它花多少钱对你很重要吗
Tom said that Mary snored.	湯姆說瑪麗打鼾
I go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days.	除了雨天
Japanese history is my favorite subject.	日本歷史是我最喜歡的科目
Do you regret marrying me?	你後悔跟我結婚嗎
The radio is a bit loud.	收音机的声音有点响
He asked that we be silent.	他要求我們安靜
She's my older sister.	她是我的姐姐
The elevator seems to be out of order.	电梯好像故障了
You don't have to work on Sundays.	星期天的時候
My father is suffering from a cold.	我父親感冒了
I wish I had a better memory.	希望我的記憶力能好一點
You're safe.	你是安全的
Is it difficult eating with chopsticks?	用筷子吃飯難嗎
She was in a hurry.	她在趕時間
Tom said that he'd leave the door open.	汤姆说他打算让门开着
He is a tall boy.	他是一个高大的男孩
Let's start with Lesson Ten.	我们从第十课开始吧
Turn the light on, please.	請開燈
English is studied in Japan.	英語在日本被學習
His comment was concise and to the point.	他的评论简洁且击中要害
I like grapes, but I can't eat so many.	我虽然喜欢吃葡萄
Only one little boy survived the traffic accident.	这次交通事故中只有一个小男孩幸存了下来
Tom took over after I left.	我走了后汤姆接手了
Would you like to be my friend?	你想做我的朋友嗎
You should drink a lot of liquid.	你應該喝大量的液體
On the whole, the event was successful.	整體而言
I'll give you a ring.	我会打电话给你
They talked over the plan for hours.	他们谈计划谈了几个小时
Give me your phone number.	给我你的电话号码
I don't want something like this to happen.	我不想这种事发生
I hurried in order to catch the first train.	我匆匆忙忙
It's already October.	已经是十月了
When the cat is away, the mice will play.	上司不在
I haven't smoked for ages.	我很久没有抽烟了
The child has a case of chicken pox.	这孩子有水痘的症状
You should be more careful.	你應該要更小心
Please pull over.	请把车停下来
Tom talked about his school.	湯姆談了他的學校
Is his pulse regular?	他的脈搏正常嗎
I'll send a letter to my mother.	我会给我的母亲寄封信
It is a sheer waste of time.	這完全是浪費時間
She's on a diet.	她在节食中
Have you eaten lunch yet?	你吃過午飯了嗎
May I try it on?	我能试一下吗
Can I see the menu, please?	麻煩給我菜單
I studied last night.	我昨晚学习了
He stepped on my foot on purpose.	他故意踩我的腳
Could you solve the problem?	你能解決這個問題嗎
I felt my heart beating rapidly.	我感觉我的心跳得很快
It's too dark to play baseball now.	現在太暗無法打棒球
Tom, have you already eaten lunch?	汤姆
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.	波斯猫在桌子下面睡觉
She applied her mind to her new job.	她专注在她的新工作上
I told you not to mention that in her presence.	我跟你说过她在的时候不要说这件事
She was wearing an ugly dress.	她穿着一条很难看的裙子
I noticed that she was wearing new glasses.	我注意到她戴着新眼镜
The admission is ten dollars a person.	入場費一個人
The shooting started around noon.	拍攝是在中午十二時左右開始
They were good.	他们不错
Follow us.	请跟着我们
Spring is coming soon.	春天就要来了
Tom swam.	Tom	游泳
If it had not been for civil war, they would be wealthy now.	要不是当初有内战
Who's Tom's girlfriend?	汤姆的女朋友是谁
This jacket is a little too big.	這件夾克有點太大了
This is my bedroom.	這是我的臥室
How much sugar should I put in your coffee?	我应该往你的咖啡里放多少糖呢
Is there anybody who can drive a car?	有人会开车吗
He entered the army.	他加入了陸軍
The assistant took the money.	助手拿了钱
Listen to this!	听这个
They're gone.	他们离开了
I don't get the joke.	我没明白那个笑话
There's an urgent need for medical supplies.	急需醫療用品
I couldn't stand looking at it.	我不能忍受就這樣看著它
Tom's eyesight is deteriorating.	Tom	的视力正在恶化
Is there a youth hostel around here?	附近有没有青年旅舍
Tom was killed three years later.	汤姆在三年之后被杀了
My mother looked at me with tears in her eyes.	我妈妈眼含着泪看我
You should've turned left.	您本应左转的
Have you ever eaten a banana pie?	你吃过香蕉派吗
I don't even want to try it.	我甚至不想试试
Would you please tell me the way?	請你告訴我路怎麼走好嗎
He wants to go to Africa.	他想要去非洲
I have a flat tire.	我有个轮胎瘪了
The hunter shot and killed the fox.	猎人射死了狐狸
All you have to do is to write your name and address here.	你只要在这里写下你的姓名和地址就行了
Everyone will die.	人固有一死
He studied hard.	他努力學習
You'll never see that again.	你以后再也不会看到它了
I have cancer.	我有癌症
We saw Tom talking to Mary.	我们看见汤姆跟玛丽说话
Give me something to drink.	给我点喝的
I don't think that she will come.	我不認為她會來
Certainly she is correct.	當然
Tom graduated.	湯姆畢業了
It says in the Bible, "Man shall not live on bread alone."	圣经里有一句话
Tom is a good worker.	湯姆是個好工人
Have you ever had food poisoning?	您曾經食物中毒過嗎
I like your car.	我喜欢您的车
Both of them are in the room.	他們兩個人都在房間裡
Which cup is yours?	哪个杯子是你的
My plans failed one after another.	我的計劃一個接一個的失敗了
The taxi I took was very old and small.	我打的这辆出租车很老
The rugged terrain made the troops' advance difficult.	地面高低不平
I'll get in.	我會進去
I don't know what we'll do.	我不知道我们将会做什么
I am very ill at ease with strangers.	我面对陌生人很不自在
The longer I stayed in Paris, the more I liked it.	在巴黎待得越久
Tom respects his parents.	Tom	尊敬他的父母
The baby fell asleep in the cradle.	宝宝在摇篮里入睡了
Now who's going to help you?	現在誰要幫你
What do you think of Japan's economy?	您怎樣看日本的經濟呢
Sing us a song, please.	請為我們唱首歌吧
You guys have to hurry.	你们这些家伙得快点
Don't forget to take a camera with you.	别忘了带个相机
Tell me about some of the places you've visited.	给我说说你去过的一些地方
Japan's rice market is closed to imports.	日本米市场禁止进口
The station is two miles away.	車站離這裡兩英里遠
My blood type is A positive.	我的血型是
They took our passports.	他們拿了我們的護照
What are your hobbies?	你的爱好是什么
How do you write your last name?	你的姓氏怎么写
She has a pretty doll.	她有个漂亮的洋娃娃
He left high school at seventeen.	他十七歲的時候離開了高中
This may not be a real diamond.	這可能不是一顆真的鑽石
I can't predict what'll happen.	我不能預言會發生甚麼
I don't know if I have the time.	我不知道我有沒有時間
Tom ran and ran, until at last he saw the telephone booth.	湯姆跑啊跑
My hands and legs are swollen.	我的手和腳都腫了
It happened in the blink of an eye.	它發生在一眨眼之間
Is the bank open?	銀行開著嗎
The war has not ended.	战争还没结束
Help me peel the potatoes.	幫我削一下土豆
Who are you looking at?	你在看谁
Tom got out of the taxi.	汤姆从出租车上下来了
Give a thief enough rope and he'll hang himself.	多行不义必自毙
He threw a stone at the big dog.	他朝着大狗扔了块石头
What are you looking at?	你在看什麼
People live only about 70 years.	一个人只能活七十岁左右
She asked me if anything was the matter.	她问我是不是发生了什么事
Whose ring is that?	那是谁的环
His parents ran a hotel.	他的父母经营一家酒店
There are only three girls in the class.	這個班只有三個女生
Are you free on Tuesday?	你周二有没有空
No one can keep me from going there.	没人能阻止我去那儿
I had a weird dream last night.	我昨晚做了一個奇怪的夢
There wasn't a cloud in the sky.	天上没有一片云
I don't care what they say.	我不在乎他們說什麼
Would three o'clock be all right?	三點鐘可以嗎
I know that I know it, but I can't remember it.	我知道我知道它
May I use your car today?	我今天可以借用你的汽车吗
Let's hope she comes.	讓我們祈盼她會來
Don't let your feelings show.	不要流露你的感情
The city fell into ruins.	这座城市成为了一片废墟
We had a very good time last night.	我们昨晚过得非常开心
How long have you been here?	你在這裡多久了
I'll be there in a minute.	我马上就到了
She picked flowers in the garden.	她在花園裡摘花
This car is very economical on gas.	这辆车很省油
Do you have other family?	你有其他家人吗
How many people have you told?	你跟多少人说了
I'd like you to go there.	我希望你去那裡
We're both here for the same reason.	我們來這裡是為了同一個原因
We almost had Tom convinced.	我们差不多说服
Mary isn't like the other girls in the class.	瑪麗跟班上其他女孩不同
You have beautiful legs.	你有着漂亮的腿
My mother was disappointed by my failure.	我的母亲对我的失败感到失望
Have you finished doing that?	你做完了嗎
We often played chess after school.	我們常常在放學後下棋
He thought of a good solution.	他想到了一個解決的好辦法
What are you after?	你想要什麼
Are you here to see Tom?	你是來見湯姆的嗎
That looks like blood.	那看起来像血
He's pale because he's sick.	他病了
Butter and cheese are made from milk.	奶油和乳酪是由牛奶做成的
She will accompany me on the piano.	她會彈鋼琴為我伴奏
He married a stewardess.	他娶了一位空姐
Nobody supported her.	没人支持她
Try it again.	再试一下
I like eating fruit.	我喜歡吃水果
I spoke with him about the matter.	我跟他談過這個問題
How about you?	那你呢
They are having a chat.	他們正在聊天
How you've grown!	你長這麼大了
They would've been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.	车子若是掉落悬崖他们早就没命了
Of course!	當然
I've no idea.	我一无所知
I prefer spring to fall.	我喜歡春天勝過秋天
Never say never.	永远不要说永远
She is good at playing the piano.	她擅長彈鋼琴
Am I dead?	我死了吗
He's not good at remembering names.	他不善于记人名
I can wait for you.	我可以等你
Tom knew Mary wouldn't let him down.	汤姆知道玛丽不会让他失望
Look, it's my problem.	听我说
I have a lot of friends living in Boston.	我有很多朋友住在波士顿
I've got blisters on my feet.	我的腳起水泡了
Tom isn't a fool.	汤姆不是傻瓜
Tom likes them both.	汤姆两个都喜欢
I've got a lot of questions.	我有许多问题
She is qualified as a nurse.	她是个合格的护士
I advertised my house in the newspaper.	我在报纸上刊登了我的房子的广告
What's your favorite beverage?	你最喜欢的饮料是什么
There was some chewing gum on the sole of Tom's shoe.	汤姆的鞋底粘了口香糖
You are my best friend.	你是我最好的朋友
My parents live in Australia.	我的父母住在澳大利亚
Would you like anything else?	还有什么想要的吗
I'm playing volleyball now.	我现在在打排球
He may have been ill.	他可能病了
Unfortunately, I have to get up early every morning.	不幸的是
How much of what I've written here do you understand?	你了解多少我寫在這裡的東西
I'd like to pay in cash.	我想用現金支付
Who's to blame?	是誰的錯呢
We would like to buy a sofa.	我们想买张沙发
Just water, please.	請給我水就好了
She looks young. However, she's actually over forty.	她看起来是年轻的
Pride cometh before a fall.	骄兵必败
If possible, I'd like to go home now.	如果可以的話
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street.	公車突然在路中央停下來
The dog is sitting by the bowl.	狗坐在碗旁边
Stock prices plunged to a record low.	股票價格跌至歷史新低
Fresh food is wonderful.	新鮮的食物最棒了
There's no reason to get angry.	沒有生气的理由
He was sitting up straight.	他坐直了
Tom and I were born in the same city.	湯姆和我生在同一個城市
The chance is gone.	机会错过了
Tom is in the kitchen making tea.	汤姆在厨房里泡茶
He stayed at his aunt's house.	他呆在他阿姨家
They obeyed orders.	他们服从了命令
I'm undressing.	我脱衣服
Give me my beer.	把我的啤酒給我
The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.	警察因酒後駕駛逮捕了他
Tom kept talking all night.	湯姆整夜一直在說話
Why are they angry?	他们为什么在生气
You ought to keep your promise.	你應該信守諾言
Drunk driving is a serious problem.	酒驾是个严重的问题
You should always tell the truth.	你應該永遠說實話
He denied having stolen the money.	他否认偷了钱
There are subtle differences between the two pictures.	这两张图片之间有细致的差异
He lost his eyesight in an accident.	他在一次意外中失去了他的視力
They all burst out laughing.	他们都哈哈大笑起来
Tom told me I shouldn't do that.	湯姆告訴我我不該去做
My brother likes horror movies.	我哥哥喜歡恐怖電影
Summer is coming.	夏天来了
Tom won.	汤姆胜利了
You can come with me.	你可以跟我來
Water boils at 100 degrees.	水在攝氏
After the hurricane, their house was a wreck.	暴风雨过后
Don't underestimate my power.	不要低估我的力量
I went there because I wanted to.	我去了那裡
I've always wanted a pet.	我一直想養寵物
The audience was deeply affected.	观众深受感动
My boss assigned the hard job to me.	我老板把艰巨的任务指派给了我
Do you think I can help?	你认为我能帮忙吗
I know you still miss me.	我知道你還是想我的
I'll do whatever you want me to do.	无论你要我做什么
She got out of the car.	她从车里出来了
I feel much better today.	我今天感觉好多了
After the revolution, France became a republic.	革命之後
Have you all eaten?	你們吃飯了嗎
I will find you your lost ring.	我会找到你丢失的戒指
I didn't want to mislead anyone.	我不想誤導任何人
She won't be back till five.	她五點前不會回來
Control is everything.	控制就是一切
You chose this job yourself, right?	你自己选择了这份工作
They fine you in Singapore if you throw trash in the streets.	在新加坡的街道上扔垃圾会被罚款
I'll give you a ride.	我會載你一程
You reap what you sow.	種什麼因得什麼果
Tom likes me the most.	Tom	最喜欢我
What did you do with my luggage?	你把我的行李放到哪裡去了
The bridge is being repaired.	桥处于修理中
Actinium was discovered by André-Louis Debierne in 1899.	锕在
Tom said he didn't like his new job.	汤姆说他不喜欢他的新工作
We don't have any secrets.	我們沒有秘密
I find it hard to get up early on cold mornings.	我覺得在寒冷的早晨很難早起
He is ashamed of his failure.	他为他的失败感到羞耻
That wasn't my intention.	这不是我的初衷
This isn't money.	这不是钱
She said she was happy.	她说了她很幸福
She goes to a girls' high school.	她上女子高中
We'll talk about this later.	我們晚會再談這事
I remember meeting her somewhere.	我記得我在某個地方見過她
She always buys expensive clothes.	她總是買昂貴的衣服
My wife's part-time job brings in a little extra money.	我太太兼職的工作賺進了一些額外的錢
You don't want to be an editor?	你不想做编辑
Can I ask a question?	我能问个问题吗
I don't really like the stores there.	我不是很喜歡那裡的商店
The guests are in the kitchen.	客人们在厨房
She accompanied me on the piano.	她为我作钢琴伴奏
Tom found a dead body on the beach.	汤姆在海边发现了具尸体
I didn't believe him at first.	起初我不相信他
She is walking.	她在行走
Don't ever mention that again.	永远别再提它了
That's a stupid question.	这是一个愚蠢的问题
A stitch in time saves nine.	防微杜漸
I dreamt about you.	我梦到你了
I have confidence in you.	我對你有信心
Here we are!	我們到了
Why do I have to do that?	我为什么一定要那么做
Will you wait a minute?	麻煩您等一下
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
She is older and wiser now.	她現在更加年長也更加有智慧
She's determined to become a secretary.	她下决心要成为秘书
I can't ask Tom right now.	我現在不能問湯姆
I think the wind's dropping off.	我想
He confessed to the murder.	他供认了杀人的罪行
Tom became a minister.	汤姆当上了部长
The swallows are migrating.	燕子在迁移
What do you do here?	你在這裡做甚麼
Tom is a normal teenager.	湯姆是個普通的青少年
There's somebody in there.	有人在那里
Don't make fun of people.	不要取笑人
I was in the bath when the phone rang.	在我洗澡的时候
How long are you going to stay in Japan?	你會待在日本多久
I don't trust businessmen.	我不相信商人
Is it going to snow tonight?	今晚会下雪吗
I believe Tom will do that.	我相信汤姆会去做
Is Tom an actor?	汤姆是演员吗
This is the worst hotel in town.	這是城裡最糟糕的旅館
The rich sometimes despise the poor.	富人有时会看不起穷人
You're a real friend.	你是個真正的朋友
Kyoto is not as large as Osaka.	京都不如大阪大
Do you want this job or not?	你想不想要這工作
We're friends from way back.	我们是老朋友了
What's your job?	你做什麼工作
You're about three days late.	你大約遅了三天
I have a map.	我有一張地圖
He began to cry.	他开始哭了
His absence gave birth to all sorts of rumors.	他的缺席导致了各种谣言的产生
Maybe you're working too hard.	可能你工作得太拼命
She took me for my brother.	她把我认作我弟弟了
How is your last name written?	你的姓氏怎么写
You'd better not wait here.	你最好不要在這裡等
What's your favorite drink?	你最喜欢的饮料是什么
He treats me like his slave.	他對待我就像他的奴隸
She didn't show up at the party yesterday.	昨天的派对上她并没有如约而至
The policeman lifted the box carefully.	警察小心翼翼地抬起箱子
I regret eating those oysters.	我後悔吃了那些牡蠣
Never forget to put out the fire.	永遠不要忘記關火
I played tennis in high school.	我高中时曾打网球
Do you want a cup of coffee?	来杯咖啡吗
He is old enough to understand it.	他已經到了能瞭解它的年紀
My sister has a nice piano.	我妹妹有架漂亮的钢琴
Tom seems very happy.	汤姆看起来非常开心
I'll never stop.	我絕不會停
The skies are clear.	天空很清朗
What'll tomorrow's weather be like?	明天天氣怎麼樣
I need to go home.	我该回家了
Interest rates are still low.	利率还是低
"Thanks, guys." "Don't mention it."	“	谢谢你们
Please fill out this form.	请填写这份表格
She is my girlfriend.	她是我的女朋友
I can't remember any of it.	我对这些都没有印象
Tom always seems to be working.	湯姆看來總是在工作
I signed the document.	我簽署了文件
She drew a circle on a piece of paper with a pencil.	她用铅笔在纸上画了一个圈
I'm very sorry I came home so late.	我很抱歉那么晚回家
This rule does not apply in all cases.	这条规则不是任何情况下都奏效的
He stole money from her wallet.	他從她的錢包偷了錢
Tom put his hand over the microphone.	汤姆把手放在麦克风上
How heavy is your suitcase?	您的行李箱有多重
"How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?" he inquired.	“	步行到
He made the most of his opportunities.	他盡力地利用了他的機會
She always looked happy, but never was.	她總是看起來很快樂
It's a two-hour drive from here to my uncle's house.	从这里坐车
This is where Tom usually parks his car.	汤姆通常把他的车停在这里
Our country must develop its natural resources.	我們國家必須開發自然資源
Don't smile.	不要微笑
He told us an interesting story.	他告訴了我們一個有趣的故事
We have to have a plan.	我們必須有計畫
We used to go skating every weekend.	过去我们每个周末都去溜冰
I can't bear this pain.	我無法忍受這個痛苦
It's a good deal.	这是一笔不错的交易
I got your fax the other day.	我前幾天收到了你的傳真
How's everything at work?	工作怎么样
I've already had lunch.	我已經吃過午餐了
We went swimming in the river.	我們去河裡游泳
They're typical youngsters.	他们是典型的年轻人
Do you want to eat noodles or rice?	你要吃麵條還是吃米飯
The button came off.	釦子掉了
You should get your car fixed.	你應該把你的車修好
I'll sue you.	我要告你
Tom is a racist.	汤姆是种族主义者
This book is new.	这本书是新的
Tom was the first to arrive and the last to leave.	湯姆最先來
I still don't know your name.	我到現在還是不知道你的名字
This movie is worth seeing again.	這部電影值得再看一遍
How much time is left?	还剩多少时间
What is better than friendship?	还有什么比友情更好呢
It's too late to apologize.	现在道歉也迟了
It looks like the dog wants something to eat.	那隻狗看起來好像想吃東西
She wants to be a designer.	她希望成為一名設計師
He went away without saying a word.	他沒說一句話就離開了
We were granted the privilege of fishing in this bay.	我们得到了在这个海湾内捕鱼的特权
He got injured in the traffic accident.	他在這場交通意外中受了傷
She especially likes music.	她特別喜愛音樂
She wants to work at the hospital.	她想在医院工作
I walked three-fourths of a mile.	我走了四分之三英里
We've had this discussion before.	我們以前討論過
This is my bag.	那是我的包
Is he right?	他对吗
He has done it before.	他以前做過
Tom shut his eyes.	汤姆闭上了眼睛
Everything's normal.	一切正常
I'm a waiter.	我是服务员
I need to go to the toilet.	我要去方便一下
She carried that habit to her grave.	她到死都改不了那個習慣
It's about three square miles.	大概三平方英里
I don't think we can wait any longer.	我认为我们不能再等了
School starts in September in Europe.	歐洲的學校在九月開學
Leave my car alone.	不要碰我的車
See you later.	再见
How did you find my house?	你怎么找到我的房子的
Grandmother sent us a box of apples.	奶奶送了我們一箱蘋果
When the phone rang, I was watching TV.	电话响的时候
Tom works long hours.	汤姆的工作时间很长
What do you think I want?	你認為我想要甚麼
There is no chance of rain today.	今天不可能下雨
No one's stopping you.	没有人在阻止你
Tom is an extraordinary man.	汤姆是个不寻常的人
I bought two tickets for a concert.	我买了两张音乐会的票
There is a castle in the background of the picture.	图片的背景是一座城堡
She finally made up her mind to go abroad.	她終於下定決心要出國了
Physics is my favorite subject.	物理是我最喜歡的科目
She is extremely vulgar in her speech.	她讲话非常俗气
I do not think that he will come.	我不認為他會來
What do you call this insect in English?	这种昆虫在英语中叫什么
There's no water.	沒有水
There is an apple on the desk.	书桌上有一个苹果
How much is this book?	这本书多少钱
I thought pizza was what you wanted to eat.	我認為你想吃的是比薩
Tom is from Australia and Mary is from New Zealand.	汤姆来自澳大利亚
The ticket is good for three days.	这张票三日有效
He took something out of his pocket.	他从口袋中拿出了什么
Are you sure?	你确定吗
This is my email address.	这是我的电子邮箱
Sales fell off in the third quarter.	在第三季時銷售跌了下來
The quality of these products is the same.	这些产品的品质是一样的
This is too big.	這個太大了
I'm fixing the radio I found on my way home.	我在修理回家路上捡到的收音机
They laughed at my idea.	他們嘲笑我的想法
He was afraid of being laughed at.	他怕被嘲笑
Let's take a walk in the park.	讓我們在公園裡散步吧
Patience is essential for a teacher.	耐心对一个教师来说是必需的
Tom takes a walk every morning.	Tom	每天早上去散步
This train leaves at nine o'clock.	這班火車九點鐘發車
I know that money isn't everything.	我知道金钱不是万能的
This clock isn't working.	这表不走了
They're both artists.	他们都是艺术家
Let's see if Tom knows what to do.	让我們看看湯姆知不知道該做甚麼
The armed forces occupied the entire territory.	军队占领了整片领土
Tom was completely worn out.	湯姆完全筋疲力盡了
What should they do in this situation?	在这种情况下
Describe that accident in detail.	详细叙述一下这起事故吧
You must be more careful about spelling and punctuation.	你得要更注意拼字和標點符號
When did you learn how to swim?	你什么时候学会游泳的
Please translate this sentence into Japanese.	請把這句話翻譯成日文
Tom is always playing video games.	湯姆總是在玩電視遊樂器
Did you have any difficulty in finding my house?	你找我的房子有困難嗎
How much is the admission?	门票多少钱
How should I know?	我怎麼知道
We should call the police.	我们该报警
He has a lot of foreign stamps.	他有很多外國郵票
I'm just a regular office worker.	我只是一個普通的上班族
Do you play any instrument other than the piano?	除了钢琴以外
Do you believe in eternal life after death?	你相信死后永生吗
Some people like red wine and some people like white wine.	有人喜歡紅酒
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.	你永遠沒有第二次機會去打造第一印象
We talked and talked until the day broke.	我們一直聊天直到天明
Are you sure Tom will come back?	你確定湯姆會回來嗎
What are you doing there?	你在那里做什么呢
There's no membership fee for joining.	參加不用會員費
We have a warrant to search your apartment.	我们有权搜查你的公寓
He took a walk before breakfast.	他在早餐之前散步
As time went on, rules were added to the game to make it safer.	随着时间的推移
She is usually at home on Sundays.	周日她通常在家
I don't want something bad to happen to us.	我可不想要坏事发生在我们身上
I am not married.	我单身
I don't know where she lives.	我不知道她住在哪裡
I saw a helicopter flying overhead.	我看见一架直升飞机在头顶飞
The curry at this restaurant is good.	这家饭馆的咖哩挺好
When will they arrive?	他們何時抵達
When is it convenient for you?	你什么时候方便
Tom sat at his desk, pretending to study.	湯姆坐在桌前
I can't study with you watching me.	你盯著我看使我無法讀書
Tom is being quite obstinate, isn't he?	汤姆挺固执的不是吗
The serpent tempted Eve.	蛇誘惑了夏娃
He really loves beer and gets drunk every day.	他喜歡喝啤酒
Who is that man?	那男人是谁
Tom is afraid that someone will see him.	湯姆怕有人看到他
Tom wanted to see Mary's room.	湯姆想看看瑪麗的房間
Fancy meeting you here!	想不到會在這裡遇見你
Health is above wealth.	健康胜于财富
I can't put up with this smell.	我不能忍受這種氣味
Tell her to come at noon.	让她中午过来
He's about the same age as you.	他跟您年纪差不多
As for me, I have nothing to say.	以我之见
Can I have a bite?	我可以吃一口嗎
I didn't go to school yesterday.	昨天你没有去学校
We're both reasonable people.	我们是两个通情达理的人
My sister takes piano lessons twice a week.	我妹妹每周上两次钢琴课
Pride goes before a fall.	骄傲是失败的先行者
I think it's better for us to adopt his plan.	我认为采用他的计划对我们比较好
The warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness.	戰士知道自己的力量和弱點
If you would move over, there would be room for everyone.	如果您移過去一點
Your shirt button is coming off.	你衬衣的纽扣快掉了
When did you graduate from high school?	你什麼時候中學畢業
Where is the nearest subway station?	最近的地鐵站在哪裡
You'd better not have eaten the cake.	你最好不要吃了蛋糕
I don't like anything.	我什么都不喜欢
I ate french fries.	我吃了炸薯條
How much is this watch?	这只表多少钱
All he thinks about is himself.	他只顾自己的利益
She felt herself being lifted up.	她覺得自己好像被舉起來了
He filled the bottle with water.	他用水装满了瓶子
My plan is to spend the New Year's holiday in Australia.	我打算在澳大利亚过新年
I am watering the flowers.	我在澆花
I was late for school this morning.	我今天早上上學遲到
It's raining.	在下雨
He can't sing well.	他歌兒唱得不咋地
He became more and more famous.	他越来越有名了
You look just like your older brother.	你和你哥哥长得一模一样
The door is locked at nine o'clock.	九點鐘鎖門
That house is the place where I was born.	那房子是我出生的地方
I wrote down that telephone number.	我寫下了那個電話號碼
Tom was the one who suggested that I buy this.	汤姆是建议我买这个的人
That's a lot of cash.	那是很多錢
This flag is very pretty.	这面旗子很漂亮
That house appears deserted.	那幢房子看起来被遗弃了
Would you like to wait?	你愿意等吗
I'm playing football now.	我現在正在踢足球
See you tomorrow in the library.	明天图书馆见
Others are less optimistic.	其他人不那么乐观
Today, the weather is very nice.	今天天气很好
I found it by chance.	我偶然找到了它
I have a shower every night.	我每晚洗澡
You should have known better than to take an examination without preparing for it.	你應該知道要為考試作準備
May I take your picture?	我可以幫你照相嗎
Mary reminds me of my mother.	玛丽让我想起我母亲
No, I don't think so.	我可不这么觉得
There was a castle here many years ago.	许多年前这里有一座城堡
Paper burns quickly.	紙燒得快
Let me explain it to you.	讓我給你說明
They made fun of Mary.	他們取笑瑪麗
We should have been more careful.	我們應該更小心的
There is a lot of snow on the roof.	房顶上有很多雪
The bathtub was filled with hot water and flower petals.	浴缸裡滿是熱水和花瓣
How does this work?	這是怎麼運行的
I'm scared of wild animals.	我怕野兽
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.	每次他来这里点一样的菜
That smells bad.	那不好聞
Some people shouldn't be forgiven.	有些人不应该原谅
Sometimes adults behave like children.	有时候成人表现得像儿童
Tom said he'd think about my suggestion.	汤姆说他会考虑我的问题
We must take into account the fact that he is young.	我们必须考虑到他很年轻
I tried to stop that from happening.	我试着阻止它发生
We were surprised to hear the news.	我們聽到這個消息很驚訝
I came here to thank you.	我來感謝你
She is evidently sick.	她明顯生病了
The company cancelled the meeting.	公司取消了会议
I missed you.	我想念你
I'm glad that they fixed the heating system, but now it's too hot.	我很高興他們修復了暖氣系統
The boy was naked to the waist.	男孩赤裸着上身
Which book is yours?	哪本書是你們的
He is a big eater.	他是个大胃王
Don't you love each other?	你们不爱彼此吗
Shut all the doors and windows.	關閉所有的門和窗戶
It's fun to travel.	旅行是乐事
I want to know where they are.	我想知道他们在哪里
Who is this boy?	这个男孩是谁
Nice guys finish last.	男不坏
If the lion is the king of beasts, the eagle is the king of birds.	狮子是兽类之王的话
This job pays 10,000 yen a day.	這個工作一天有
Language is the means by which people communicate with others.	语言是人们与他人交流的手段
I can see you're good at this.	我看你擅长做这事
Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are pliable.	事实是倔强的
It's getting dark. I wonder if it's going to rain.	天变暗了
Tom was waiting inside his cabin.	汤姆在他的小屋里等着
I think you should eat a ham sandwich.	我认为你该吃火腿三明治
Where did you have your picture taken?	你是从哪里照的相
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.	得寸进尺
I'm free tonight.	我今晚有空
I don't like it.	我不喜欢
Tom has a large jar of pennies.	湯姆有一大罐零錢
I'm the one who's sick.	我就是那个生病的人
Tom is one of the kindest people I know.	汤姆是我知道的最好的人之一
You must do your best.	你必须做到最好
He is an American.	他是美国人
Which one of the two brothers did you see?	你见到的是两兄弟中的哪一个
Tom didn't give me what I asked him for.	汤姆没给我我跟他要的
I do not play the piano.	我不彈鋼琴
Tom needs to get into shape.	Tom	需要让身体好起来
I have finished my homework.	我已經完成我的作業
Sooner or later, we'll know the truth.	我們遲早會知道真相
He is not a teacher but a doctor.	他不是老師
I despise you.	我鄙视你
You should have come earlier.	你應該早點來的
I really have to go.	我真的得走了
That novel isn't for children.	那本小說不適合兒童
Tom says that he's a creature of habit.	汤姆说他是习惯的产物
You are now an adult.	你现在是大人了
He doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.	他似乎不知道我父亲和我之间的纠葛
I like singing with Tom.	我喜欢跟汤姆唱歌
Why do you want to study abroad?	为什么您想到外国读书
Who is your teacher?	谁是你老师
Please make yourself at home.	請不要客氣
I think I mistakenly deleted that file.	我觉得我是误删了这个文件
Spell your name, please.	请拼一下您的名字
I had some trouble in finding his house.	我很難找到他的房子
She made a series of medical discoveries.	她提出了一連串的醫學發現
Be careful. It's slippery here.	小心地滑
Will you go to Harvard?	你会去哈佛大学吗
Fluency in English is a must.	流利的英語是必須的
It is likely to be fine tomorrow.	明天天氣可能很好
The bus leaves in five minutes.	公車將在五分鐘後開動
I wish Tom were my younger brother.	但願湯姆是我的弟弟
I'm not famous.	我没名气
We have a new neighbor.	我們有新鄰居
My father has five siblings.	我父親有五個兄弟姐妹
You're absolutely right.	你完全是对的
We've been tricked.	我们被耍了
Could I try to do it?	我可以尝试着做吗
Did you play baseball yesterday?	你昨天打棒球了没有
Tom doesn't seem to agree.	汤姆似乎不同意
I won't work overtime today.	今天我不加班
We all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present.	我们所有人凑份子给老师买生日礼物
You made a mistake.	你犯了个错误
What is the matter with you?	你到底怎麼回事啊
Almost everybody was invited.	幾乎每個人都被邀請了
The lake is deepest at this spot.	这里是湖最深的地方
As soon as it gets dark, the fireworks will start.	天一黑
That's Greek to me.	看起来像天书
Is it true Tom can't swim?	汤姆真的不会游泳吗
This really is a masterpiece.	这真是个杰作
The reporter criticized the politician.	記者批評了政治家
Tom doesn't even know how to fry an egg.	汤姆甚至连怎么煎鸡蛋都不知道
Let's take the bus.	讓我們坐公共汽車去
That's where the problem lies.	问题就在这里
This coat fits you perfectly.	這件大衣十分適合你
Let's see if we can get the gate closed.	让我们看看能不能把大门关上
I have hiccups.	我打嗝了
He returned at six.	他六点回来了
Tom said he wanted to cry.	湯姆說他想哭
Both brothers are musicians.	两兄弟都是音乐家
I found your letter in the mailbox.	我在信箱中發現了你的信件
He plays baseball tomorrow.	他明天將打棒球
This factory manufactures electric stoves.	这家工厂生产电炉
Do you have a television?	你有电视吗
I was on the train for twelve hours.	我在火车上待了
Wet clothes stick to your skin.	濕衣服貼著你的皮膚
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.	除了那些我们尝试过的政府形态
Tom isn't an idiot.	汤姆不是傻瓜
Leave the book where it was.	把书放在原处
Where are you going on vacation?	你要去哪裡度假
You're the master of your own destiny.	你才是自己命运的主人
I remember returning the book to the library.	我记得我把书还到图书馆了
You must be careful of the traffic when you cross the street.	你横穿马路时要留心
I want you to sleep on it.	我想要你睡在它上边
I go to work every day.	我每天去上班
Tom said he needed money.	湯姆說他需要錢
You ought to tell Tom that you'll likely be late.	你应该告诉汤姆你可能会迟到
He threw away a bunch of old letters.	他扔了很多旧信件
Are you tired?	你累了嗎
I really enjoyed your company.	我真的很喜歡你的陪伴
She was washing the dishes.	那時她正在洗碗
I believe in love.	我相信爱情
She asked us several questions.	她问了我们好几个问题
Tom snickered at Mary.	汤姆暗中笑玛丽
Mathematics is my favorite subject.	數學是我最喜歡的科目
It'll definitely rain.	绝对将要下雨
I saw a dirty dog enter the garden.	我看见一条脏狗进了花园
I don't have any experience.	我什么经验都没有
You're just being ridiculous.	你就是荒唐
Tom likes to knit.	湯姆喜歡編織
It must be around here somewhere.	我想應該在這附近
What is the matter with you?	你怎么了
Her success made her the target of jealousy.	她的成功让她成为嫉妒心的靶子
Let's fly a kite.	讓我們放風箏
This is your only chance.	這是你唯一的機會
I prefer spring to autumn.	我喜歡春天勝過秋天
He pinched and scraped for many years to save money.	為了存錢他省吃儉用了許多年
I always catch colds in the winter.	我在冬季總是感冒
He placed the book on the shelf.	他把书放在了书架上
Would you pass me the salt?	請你把鹽遞給我好嗎
The buses run every ten minutes.	公共汽車每
Tom didn't need to stay if he didn't want to.	汤姆不想的话他是没必要留下的
Japan produces a lot of good cameras.	日本生产很多好相机
True love never grows old.	真愛不會變老
I almost forgot my lunch.	我快把我的午饭忘了
Tom said hi.	汤姆打了个招呼
The kitchen knife wasn't sharp enough to cut the meat, so I used my pocket knife.	这把菜刀不够锋利
You didn't find it, did you?	你沒找到
I'm not inflexible.	我不是死板的
It's impossible to do the sights of Tokyo in a day or two.	一两天是没办法逛完东京的
Tom's thirty.	汤姆今年三十岁
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he didn't know how to do that.	汤姆不想玛丽知道他不知道怎么做
We hacked a path through the forest.	我們開出了一條穿過森林的小路
Last night I had a weird dream.	我昨晚做了一個奇怪的夢
He has been studying for two hours.	他学了两个小时
What's your favorite iPad app?	你最喜欢的
We're not looking.	我們沒有看著
This car needs washing.	这辆车需要清洗
She had to accept her fate.	她该接受她的命运
It's just a play on words.	不过是一个文字游戏罢了
He asked after you.	他問候了你
The poor child was on the verge of starvation.	那可憐的孩子快餓死了
Where in Turkey do you live?	你在土耳其哪儿生活
Can you wake me up at seven o'clock tomorrow morning?	你明天早上七點可不可以叫我起床
I almost left my umbrella in the train.	我幾乎把我的雨傘忘在火車上
I am grateful to you for your kindness.	谢谢您的好意
When will it be ready?	这什么时候能准备好
Children like fruit juice.	孩子們喜歡果汁
You should know that that's impossible.	你应该知道这是不可能的
Can you make yourself understood in French?	別人聽得懂你說的法語嗎
Tom wants to know what we're doing here.	湯姆想知道我們在這裡做甚麼
I called Tom.	我給湯姆打了電話
Which book is yours?	哪本书是你的
The sun always rises in the east.	太陽總是從東方升起
The earth is smaller than the sun.	地球比太陽小
He is a reporter for Time magazine.	他是时代杂志的记者
Tom never turned up again.	湯姆沒有再出現
Why does no one believe me?	为什么没有人相信我
The Swiss consume a large amount of beer.	瑞士人消耗不少啤酒
I know this is important to you.	我知道这对您来说很重要
This is a pencil.	這是一支鉛筆
Hurry up, or you will miss the train.	快点
What did you answer?	你回答了什么
The man robbed her bag.	這名男子搶走了她的包包
It was the only way to go.	那是唯一的出路
Tom gave Mary a flashlight.	汤姆给了玛丽一把手电筒
A burglar broke into the shop yesterday.	昨天强盗闯进了店里
I don't know what to say to make you feel better.	我不知道该说什么来安慰你
I'm sorry to trouble you.	我很抱歉給你添麻煩了
Everything is all right at home.	家里一切都好
Skating is one of my hobbies.	滑冰是我的嗜好之一
Not all red apples taste the same.	不是所有的紅蘋果吃起來味道都一樣
We both know why I'm here.	我們都知道我為甚麼在這裡
The baby was sound asleep in her mother's arms.	孩子在母亲的怀中熟睡
They'll try again.	他们会再尝试的
That's the computer he used to write the article.	那就是那台他用来写文章的电脑
I want us to do it together.	我想讓我們一起做
Do you want some company?	你想要伙伴吗
Could you turn off the lights?	你可以關燈嗎
Tom told me that he'd like to become a doctor.	汤姆告诉我他想当医生
All at once, he spoke out.	他突然发言了
A man can't escape his past.	人無法逃避過去
I don't do drugs.	我不吸毒
You'd better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.	以防下雨你最好带把伞
Bring me the magazines.	把那本雜誌拿來給我
I'm much younger than you.	我比你年輕得多
We haven't lost hope.	我们没有失望
He held on firmly to the branch.	他紧紧抓住树枝
Tom is taller than I am.	湯姆比我高
Tom isn't an angel.	汤姆不是天使
Just put yourself in my shoes.	你站在我的立場上考慮看看
Neptune is the eighth planet of the solar system.	海王星是太阳系第八个行星
Tom is a magician.	汤姆是魔法师
There is a church near my house.	我家附近有一座教堂
I turned it off.	我把它关了
I think I'm intelligent.	我觉得我很聪明
My blood pressure is 155 over 105.	我的血壓為
If you're wrong, then I'm wrong, too.	如果你錯了
Don't panic!	不要恐慌
What a good idea!	多好的主意啊
I didn't go to school because I was sick.	由于我生病了
Why not?	为什么不
Wake me up early tomorrow morning.	明天早上早點叫醒我
He looks old, but he hasn't reached 30 yet.	他看上去老
He said, "I'm from Canada."	他说
Can you see?	你能看吗
I thought Tom had a soccer game tonight.	我以为汤姆今晚有足球比赛
A burglar broke into his house.	一個竊賊闖進了他的房子
I'm sure I've seen him before.	我確定我以前見過他
No problem at all!	一点问题都没有
Some people do not like to deposit their money in banks.	有些人不喜欢把钱存银行
Do you know whether or not it'll rain tomorrow?	您是否知道
We don't like rain.	我們不喜歡下雨
Would you lend me your bicycle?	你可以借我你的腳踏車嗎
Choose any one from among these.	从这些里选一个
I must be leaving now.	我現在必須離開
Tom was an Olympic swimmer.	汤姆是奥运会游泳运动员
She took care of my dog.	她照顧了我的狗
His doctor advised him to quit smoking.	他的医生建议他戒烟
She played a waltz on the piano.	她在鋼琴上彈了一首華爾滋舞曲
He saw her and blushed.	他看到她就臉紅了
She hasn't phoned since she went to London.	自她去了倫敦後
You've never had a girlfriend, have you?	你从没有女朋友
Tennis is very popular among students.	网球在学生中非常流行
How did you arrive at this conclusion?	你们怎么得出这个结论的
Columbus argued that he could reach India by going west.	哥伦布提出
Constant dripping wears away a stone.	水滴石穿
I suspect Tom is tired of doing that.	我怀疑汤姆已经厌烦这么做了
I didn't see anything.	我什麼都沒看見
With just a little more effort, he would have succeeded.	如果他再努力一点
He must be Tom's brother.	他一定是湯姆的兄弟
We work in a factory.	我们在一个工厂工作
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.	一個老人在樹蔭下休息
Let me think for a minute.	让我想想
Was the soup tasty?	这汤好喝吗
There's a soccer match tomorrow.	明天有一場足球比賽
I drink tea, too.	我也喝茶
A truck ran over our dog.	一輛卡車輾過一隻狗
He worked last night without taking a break.	他昨晚都在工作
I was asked to umpire the game.	我被要求當這場比賽的裁判
We're all praying for Japan.	我們全體為日本祈禱
It's 7:45.	现在是七点四十五分
I want a map.	我想要一張地圖
I don't know, nor do I care.	我不知道
It's already time for us to go.	到我們該走的時候了
Anything new?	有什么新鲜事吗
Everyone knew Tom was the one who did it.	大家都知道是汤姆做的
No matter what I do, she says I can do better.	不管我做什么
I'll have another beer.	我会再喝一杯啤酒
I can't find my ticket.	我找不到我的票
Kabul is the capital of Afghanistan.	喀布尔是阿富汗的首都
Help me.	帮我一下
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any money.	汤姆不想给玛丽一分钱
Married people sometimes wish they were single.	已婚的人有時候希望他們是單身
I bought this camera yesterday.	我昨天買了這台相機
Tom bought the new album.	汤姆买了新专辑
There is a path through the wood.	有一個穿過樹林的小路
I'd like to go skiing.	我喜歡去滑雪
Can you lend me some money?	你可以借我一些錢嗎
Tom is too old to work.	湯姆老得不能工作了
I had a strange dream.	我做了一个奇怪的梦
Tom cut himself with his knife yesterday.	汤姆昨天用刀切到自己了
Who's your girlfriend?	你女朋友是谁
Are you interested in politics?	你对政治感兴趣吗
Swimming strengthens the legs.	游泳使腿部强健
I caused him a lot of trouble.	我給他帶來了很多麻煩
I saw a beautiful waterfall there.	我看见那儿有个很美的瀑布
We were astonished to hear what had happened.	我们听到所发生的事
Life is fun.	人生是有趣的
We're fighting against time.	我們在跟時間鬥爭
I'm busy today.	我今天忙
I don't fear death.	我不怕死
Are the train tickets expensive?	火车票贵吗
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.	在俄羅斯的貝加爾湖是世界上最深的湖泊
Please take more care in the future.	请你将来注意点
Stop!	住手
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the train.	如果你不抓紧的话
Tom studied French.	汤姆学习了法语
He doesn't know English at all.	他一點也不懂英語
Are you all listening to me?	你们在听我说吗
I cannot give you a definite answer today.	我今天无法给您一个最终的答复
I'm fed up with this.	这我受够了
Thanks for stopping by.	感谢您的光临
Mary is a wonderful woman.	玛丽是个了不起的女人
I have to say this.	我得说这事
Environmental pollution is causing abnormal weather conditions.	環境污染正造成異常的天氣情況
Pay the cashier on the way out.	在出口處的收银台付款
Straighten up.	改邪归正
You must leave.	你必须走
Tom's parents weren't particularly pleased.	汤姆的父母不是特别高兴
What you're saying isn't logical.	你说的话在逻辑上有问题
Tom didn't know Mary had a boyfriend.	湯姆不知道瑪麗有男朋友
Eggs are sold by the dozen.	蛋是按打卖的
I can't find my pen.	我找不到我的筆
A beautiful girl sat next to me.	一個美麗的女孩坐在我旁邊
Alcohol consumption is increasing every year.	酒的消费每年都在上升
I'm doing my homework.	我正在做我的作业
My mother never gets up early.	我的母親從不早起
Is it safe to skate on this lake?	在這個湖上滑冰安全嗎
He's already too far away to hear us.	他已經離得太遠聽不到我們了
I appreciate your help in clarifying this.	感谢你帮我解释明白
It rained hard last night.	昨晚雨下得很大
Time passes quickly when we're doing something we like.	在做喜欢的事情的时候时间过去得很快
You'd better go to see your family doctor at once.	你最好立刻去看你的家庭醫生
Open the bottle.	把瓶子打开
Being a teacher is very hard work.	做教師很辛苦
Be calm.	冷静点
Where was this picture taken?	这张照片在哪儿照的
The bell rang.	铃响了
My father took out his wallet and gave me ten dollars.	我爸爸拿出他的钱包
His name is known to everybody in this area.	他的名字在这个地区人尽皆知
Turn to the left.	向左转
I have a bath every day.	我每天洗一次澡
I wonder if a third world war will break out.	不知道第三次世界大战会不会爆发
Please wish me luck.	請祝我好運
You have a good job.	你有一份好工作
Don't call me anymore.	别再给我打电话
Would you like tea or coffee?	您想要茶还是咖啡
The population of Japan is larger than that of New Zealand.	日本的人口比新西兰多
Let's keep in touch.	让我们保持联系
There is a basket under the table.	桌子底下有一個籃子
The sample isn't pure enough.	样本不够纯净
She gave birth to a daughter yesterday.	她昨天生了一個女兒
We helped them as well.	我們也幫助他們
I've always trusted your judgment.	我一直都相信你的判断
I booked a seat.	我訂了一個位子
Everything Tom predicted came true.	汤姆说的预言全部都应验了
You've made progress.	你进步了
He likes jazz, and so do I.	他喜欢爵士乐
He borrowed money from his friend.	他向他的朋友借錢
Tom is working in Boston.	湯姆在波士頓工作
My brother is very important. At least he thinks he is.	我弟弟非常重要
I can't explain it either.	我也無法解釋
That incident made him famous.	這起事件使他一舉成名
I felt quite relieved after I had said all I wanted to say.	说了所有我要说的话后
What do you think about it?	你对这件事有什么看法
Please feel free to ask questions.	尽管提问
You'd better wear a sweater under your jacket.	您最好在外衣里穿一件套衫
Can we save the planet?	我们能拯救这颗星球吗
Let's cross the street.	我們過馬路吧
No one lives in this building.	没有人住在这栋楼里
Tom almost drowned in the river.	汤姆差点在河里淹死了
I can't believe anyone anymore.	我再也无法相信任何人了
I like your truck.	我喜歡你的卡車
I saw tears in her eyes.	我在她的眼睛裡看到淚水
Have you finished reading that book yet?	你讀完那本書了嗎
Do you like Mozart's music?	你喜歡莫扎特的音樂嗎
I rejected the offer.	我拒绝了报价
He would often come to see us when I was a child.	當我還是個孩子時
I wonder what happened to her.	我想知道她发生什么事了
He invented the wheel.	他發明了輪子
That's my favorite chair.	那是我最喜歡的椅子
Tom wanted to stay home and relax instead of hiking with his children.	汤姆想待在家休息而不是和他的孩子们出去远足
He fixed the net.	他修好了网
Tom is there alone.	Tom	獨自在那
In case of emergency, call 119.	在緊急情況下
That's wrong.	不对
The matter has not been settled yet.	问题还没有解决
My wife is afraid to drive my new car.	我的妻子害怕开我的新车
They grow oranges in California.	他们在加利福尼亚种橙子
You're lying, aren't you?	你在撒謊
She remained single all her life.	她终生未婚
Let me have a look at those photos.	让我看看那些照片
Are these your things?	這些是你的東西嗎
What kind of work will you do?	你將做什麼樣的工作
How old is that painting?	那幅画有多少年了
Hop in.	跳进来
The picnic was canceled because of rain.	由于下雨
I've never underestimated Tom.	我从没低估汤姆
I don't know what I'm going to do next.	我不知道接下来我要做什么
Where's the hammer?	锤子在哪里
I'm lucky.	我运气很好
He says he won't come.	他說他不會來
What's her job?	她做什么工作
I'll take that as a compliment.	我就当你夸我了
What color is your hair?	您的头发是什么颜色的
He loves trains.	他喜歡火車
My husband's not in town.	我丈夫没在城里
You're blushing.	你脸红了
What time is it?	幾點了
I found the key underneath the mat.	我在擦鞋墊下面發現了這把鑰匙
You're really useless.	你真沒用
Our teacher gives us a lot of homework.	我们的老师给作业给得很多
Tom made me do it.	是汤姆让我做的
She kept crying all night long.	她一整晚都在哭
A face with too much make up looks strange.	化妆太浓的话脸会看着很奇怪
This is old news to me.	這對我來說是舊聞了
We had a heart-to-heart talk with each other.	我们促膝谈心
Have you washed the car yet?	你洗過車子了嗎
They are arriving here soon from Hong Kong.	他们就快从香港抵达了
This makes me angry.	這讓我憤怒
He's a bit lively.	他有点活泼
She is far better today than yesterday.	她今天比昨天要好很多
Tom isn't a good person.	湯姆不是好人
I'm a waiter.	我是跑堂
What did you do with that camera?	你用那台相機做了什麼
Tom began laughing.	湯姆開始笑了
Eighty percent of all information on computers around the world is in English.	全世界百分之八十電腦上的資訊都是用英語寫的
Let's end this nonsense.	我们不要再说废话了
The old man is blind in one eye.	这个老人一只眼看不见了
I know Tom can stop me from doing that.	我知道汤姆不能阻止我做那件事
Ignore Tom.	别理汤姆
A good idea came to him.	他想到一个好主意
Please write with a pencil.	請用鉛筆寫
I wish I had more money.	我希望我有更多錢
Do you have plans tonight?	今晚有什么计划吗
With a firm goal in mind, you will do well.	有了坚定的目标
Be patient.	耐心等着
I'm sorry, I forgot to do my homework.	对不起
How about something cold to drink?	喝點冷飲怎樣
Tom had a hunch that Mary was seeing someone else.	汤姆预感到玛丽在见别人
Tom got tired.	湯姆累了
If you get sleepy, tell me.	困了的话就说哦
Gold is far heavier than water.	金子比水重得多
The city has a large population.	这个城市人口众多
We'll take part in the marathon.	我们将参加马拉松
He brought me coffee, when I had asked for tea.	我要的是茶
You should make good use of this opportunity.	你要好好把握這個時機
You don't need to speak so loud.	你不必這麼大聲說話
Put the pliers in the tool box.	把钳子放在工具箱里
No one knows.	沒有人知道
Why are you being so secretive?	你為什麼這麼神秘
I have more books than I can read.	我拥有的书比我能读的书多
Get into your car.	进你的车里
Please give me a cup of water.	請給我一杯水
I'm humble.	我是谦虚的
Bring me something to eat.	給我東西吃
This blue sweater is very pretty.	這件藍色毛衣很漂亮
Where were you yesterday afternoon?	你昨天下午在哪裡
Their friendship moved us deeply.	他们的友情深深地感动了我们
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.	我不认为汤姆会把事情的真相告诉我们
Don't let Tom leave.	别让汤姆走了
How do you want this handled?	你想怎麼處理
Mary placed her baby in a car seat for the flight.	航程中瑪麗把她的寶寶放在嬰兒汽車座椅上
Mathematics is basic to all sciences.	數學是所有科學的基礎
This book has many pictures.	這本書有很多圖片
Peace talks will begin next week.	和平會談將在下週開始
Tom intends to play tennis every day during his summer vacation.	汤姆打算暑假每天打网球
You don't have to wait until the end.	你没必要待到最后
He was mad because he was not invited.	他因为没有被邀请而气得快疯了
I'm in love with her.	我愛上她了
I don't know much about computers.	我對電腦知道的不多
The service here is awful.	這裡的服務很糟糕
He came from a tiny mountain town.	他來自一個小山城
I am to blame for it.	这是我的错
Take off your socks, please.	請脫下你的襪子
You'll understand someday.	你有一天會明白
The fire alarm sounded.	火警警报响了
You'd better take this.	你最好带上这个
You're lying.	你在撒谎
He drank three bottles of beer.	他喝了三瓶啤酒
She traveled all over the world.	她周遊世界各地
Do you believe in God?	你相信上帝吗
They dropped out of school.	他們輟學了
How do you spell your family name?	你的姓怎麼拼
I hear you are good at cooking.	我聽說你擅長烹飪
You know I'm right.	你知道我是正确的
Let's go home.	让我们回家吧
That teapot's pretty dirty.	那个茶壶很脏啊
Do you think Tom will let us do that?	你認為湯姆會讓我們做嗎
In March, many flowers come out.	許多花在三月份綻放
My father works at the factory.	我父亲在工厂工作
Tom can't cross the border.	Tom	没办法穿过边界
Somebody must care for the patient.	一定要有人照顧病人
I opened the window slightly.	我開了點窗戶
Tom is trying to figure out how to do that now.	汤姆现在正在想办法去做那件事
I'll boil the potatoes for you.	我為你煮馬鈴薯
Do you have younger brothers?	你有弟弟嗎
Even though I studied English for 6 years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.	尽管我在学校学了
Be realistic!	现实点
I got to the station this morning.	我今天上午到了車站
I gave up smoking for a year.	我戒煙一年了
They blamed Tom for causing the accident.	他们指责汤姆造成了事故
I need to try.	我需要尝试
I want some potatoes.	我要几个土豆
I'm not guilty.	我没有罪
She was beautiful when she was young.	她年轻时很美丽
It's really hot here in the summer.	这里夏天非常炎热
Why do people not always tell the truth?	为什么人们不总是讲真话
Please call me between seven and eight.	请在
You can use this computer any time.	你可以隨時使用這台電腦
It is like looking for a needle in a haystack.	这好比大海捞针
Don't forget to take out the garbage.	别忘了把垃圾拿出去
She is unable to cope with stress.	她無法應付壓力
It's unlike him to get so angry.	这么生气不像他
You have to go to the hospital.	你必須去醫院
He has gone to Italy to study music.	他已經去義大利學習音樂了
What is your name?	你叫什么
Tom has no manners.	Tom	没有礼貌
Both of my brothers are married.	我的兩個兄弟都結婚了
I should have known better than to call him.	早知道我不應該打電話給他
Shine your shoes before going out.	出門前把你的鞋子擦亮
How did Tom know?	湯姆怎麼知道
No problem.	没问题
Stand aside.	一边站着
Don't underestimate me.	别低估我
I shouldn't have logged off.	我不應該登出
Your opinion is very important to us.	您的意見對我們很重要
Tom is very important to me.	汤姆对我来说很重要
His uncle died five years ago.	他的叔叔五年前去世了
I have to explain this to Tom.	我必須向
Tom is very confident, isn't he?	湯姆很有信心
It's great.	真是太好了
I want a good dictionary.	我想要本好词典
Tom hugged his father.	汤姆拥抱了他的父亲
How's it going at school?	学校怎么样
What do you want to say to me?	你想跟我说什么
He was suffering from a bad headache.	他正遭受严重头痛的困扰
I've made some coffee for us.	我给我们煮了些咖啡
He has a round face.	他有一張圓臉
It was love at first sight.	那是一见钟情
We often eat fish raw in Japan.	我們在日本常常吃生魚
You have to sweep the floor.	你必须扫地
The storm had a serious effect on the economy.	这场暴风雪已经对经济造成了很严重的影响
The milk is sour.	牛奶酸了
She pushed him out the window.	她把他推出窗户
She took my hand.	她握住我的手
Whose shirt is this?	這是誰的襯衫
I understand everything you said.	我理解你所说的一切
I would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater.	我想去美術館勝過去電影院
What languages do you speak?	你會說什麼語言
Do you realize what this means?	你知道這是甚麼意思嗎
Your behavior is intolerable.	你的行为让人无法忍受
He knew he could not win.	他早就知道自己不会赢
The value of the yen has soared.	日元的價值大幅上升
May I ask a few questions?	我能问一些问题吗
Tom sat on a tree trunk.	汤姆坐在了树干上
A lot of people don't know how to do that.	很多人不知道怎么做
Losing one's health is worse than losing money.	喪失健康比喪失金錢更糟糕
They skip school all the time.	他們總是逃學
She wouldn't let up until I agreed to go to the movies with her.	她不愿松开我
Mars has two moons.	火星有兩個衛星
It's none of your business.	這不關你的事
May I have some more coffee?	我可以再要些咖啡嗎
That's not a cat. It's a dog.	那不是猫
She wept bitterly.	她痛哭
You are as tall as I am.	你和我一样高
I would like to go to the concert with you.	我想和你一起去音乐会
The police are investigating the cause of the accident.	警察调查事故的原因
He is married with two children.	他已婚並育有兩個孩子
Why don't we order pizza?	为什么我们不订披萨呢
He has a sharp tongue.	他是刀子嘴
A few days later, we left Boston.	过了几天
I know that money isn't everything.	我知道金钱不代表一切
That film's really interesting.	那部电影很有意思
Can I open the window?	可以开窗吗
Tom swam.	汤姆游泳了
I'll miss you, too.	我也会想你的
Tom and his wife both grew up in Australia.	汤姆和他的妻子都在澳大利亚长大
Tom bought a mobile phone.	汤姆买了个手机
The bride seems to be very pretty.	新娘好像非常漂亮
Tom doesn't like women who wear too much makeup.	汤姆不喜欢妆化太浓的女人
Keep reading.	继续看
What's the meaning of this word?	这个词是什么意思
I sleep on my stomach.	我趴着睡觉
Your dog is very big.	您的狗非常胖
I'll get in touch with you soon.	我會很快跟你聯絡
Wine made here is very famous.	這裡製造的葡萄酒非常有名
She's seventeen years old.	她十七岁了
I want you to grow up.	我希望你能长大
Are they all like this?	他们都像这一样吗
I don't particularly like her.	我特别不喜欢她
Tom told me that he didn't want to go with us.	湯姆告訴我他不想跟我們走
I have a black and a white dog.	我有一只黑狗和一只白狗
I was brought up in the country.	我在鄉下被撫養長大
What's her name?	她叫什麼名字
God knows that we did everything we could.	上帝知道我们做了我们所能做的事
I saw him wash the car.	我看見他洗車
I want to study French.	我要学法语
The engineer told us how to use the machine.	工程师告诉我们如何使用机器
He made me go against my will.	他讓我違背了我的意願
The people of London are very proud of this bridge.	倫敦人對這座橋感到非常自豪
He wrote it hurriedly.	他写得很匆忙
How long are you going to be in Boston?	你要在波士顿待多久
She turned down the radio.	她降低了收音机的音量
Tom says Mary wasn't tired.	湯姆說瑪麗不累
Tom gave Mary half of the apple.	汤姆给玛丽半个苹果
There's only a little milk left.	只剩下一點點牛奶了
He introduced his daughter to me.	他把他的女兒介紹給我認識
No one understands me.	没有人理解我
His ideas are always practical.	他的主意总是可行的
They drive on the left in England.	在英國開車要靠左行駛
It sounds as if he were to blame for the disaster.	听起来好像他是这场灾难的罪魁祸首
The whole neighborhood was surprised at the news.	整个小区对这个消息很惊讶
This sofa takes up too much space.	這張沙發占了太多空間
A true friend would not say such a thing.	如果真的是朋友的话
Please close the door.	請關上門
We have to go by the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
I don't know.	我一无所知
I think I may have made a big mistake.	我認為我可能已經犯了大錯
My mother is a good woman.	我媽媽是個好女人
I need a lot of books.	我需要很多書
He invited me to his house.	他邀请我去他家
Are you a student of a private high school?	你在私立高中读书吗
Do you play any instruments other than the piano?	除了钢琴以外
I don't know and neither does he.	我不知道
Can I be of any service to you?	你需要我帮忙吗
I've had a headache for three days and I can't get rid of it.	我已经头疼三天了
Maybe Tom just got nervous.	可能汤姆紧张了
Horses are animals.	馬是動物
Can you guess how old I am?	你能猜到我的年龄吗
Where is the gate?	门在哪里
Don't go to extremes.	别走极端
Pale ale is a low-alcohol beer.	淡啤酒是一種酒精含量低的啤酒
It seems we are in the same boat.	看起来我们是在一条船上
Did your uncle let you drive his car?	你叔叔让你开他的车了吗
I fear this work will take up most of my time.	我怕這項工作會佔用我大部份的時間
He is not a singer, but an actor.	他不是歌手
One of my suitcases is missing.	我的其中一个行李不见了
Is she a computer programmer?	她是个女程序员吗
I can't resist sweet things.	我抵抗不了甜食的诱惑
My sister married a doctor.	我妹妹嫁给了一个医生
You ought to listen to your mother.	你该听妈妈的话
What do you think would happen if the earth stopped spinning?	如果地球停止自传
I like the way you walk.	我喜欢你走路的方式
You shouldn't share too much private information on the social networks.	你不应该在社交网络上分享过多私人信息
Pride comes before a fall.	骄傲是失败的先行者
Europeans like to drink wine.	欧洲人喜欢喝酒
It doesn't make sense to me.	这对于我来说没任何意义
Paper burns easily.	纸容易着火
Can you skate?	你会溜冰吗
I know him, but I don't know his name.	我認識他但是我不知道他的名字
Do you have any light beer?	你有任何淡啤酒嗎
They were all hoarse from shouting.	他們全都叫到沙啞了
She's busy now and can't speak to you.	她现在忙
Indigenous Australians have eaten kangaroos for millennia.	澳大利亚土著已经吃了上千年袋鼠
What did you do with that book?	你用那本書做什麼
A great many people attended his funeral.	很多人都参加了他的葬礼
I fell in love with you.	我爱上了你
I'll call you as soon as I've finished.	我办完事会立刻联络你
He is in his library.	他在图书馆里
I'm not moving to Boston.	我不搬去波士顿
I like playing sports.	我喜歡運動
He calculated the expenses.	他计算费用
I smell something here.	我在这里闻到了什么
This is the flag of Japan.	这是日本国旗
Please be careful not to get hurt.	请小心不要受伤了
Look at the sky.	看天上
Those trains run every three minutes.	這些火車每三分鐘發車
Don't tell anyone this.	不要告訴任何人這件事
He removed his shirt.	他把衬衫脱了
She'll love her husband forever.	她會永遠愛她的丈夫
Constant dripping wears away a stone.	滴水穿石
The meeting has been postponed until tomorrow.	会议已经被延迟到明天了
She always dresses in black.	她總是穿著黑色的衣服
Who are you voting for?	你投给谁
The cup is on the table.	杯子在桌上
I know what can happen here.	我知道这里会发生什么
Have you seen any movies recently?	最近看了什么电影没有
He isn't afraid of death.	他不怕死
At least tell me where you're going.	至少告诉我们你要去哪里
We got involved in a traffic accident.	我們被捲入了一場交通事故
How much do you love me?	你有多爱我
Now I remember.	现在我想起来了
He made me a suit.	他给我做了套衣服
She needs our help.	她需要我們的幫忙
He has written two books.	他写了两本书
She despised him.	她看不起他
I like traveling by train.	我喜歡乘坐火車
This is the dictionary I use every day.	这是我每天都用的字典
I was expecting it!	我一直在期待着
My dream is to be a doctor.	我的梦想是成为医生
Would you like to drink anything?	你想喝點什麼嗎
The lion is the king of beasts.	狮子是万兽之王
She finally reached the hotel.	她終於到達了酒店
Tom is always watching television.	湯姆總是在看電視
You have to follow the rules.	你必须遵守规则
The radio didn't mention the incident.	電台沒有提到這個事故
There's nothing to prevent you from going.	没什么能阻止你出发了
My daughter loves jumping rope.	我妹妹酷爱跳绳
They say that Venice is a beautiful city.	他們說威尼斯是個漂亮的城市
You are in a safe place.	您在一个安全的地方
There isn't a grain of truth in what he says.	他说的话全不可信
Are you a practicing physician?	你是执业医师吗
This boat has six oars.	這艘船有六個槳
I met an American who was interested in Noh plays.	我碰到一个对能剧感兴趣的美国人
Her older daughter is married.	她的大女兒結婚了
He has just become a principal.	他剛成為一名校長
Tell me what to do.	告訴我該做什麼
I couldn't find his house.	我找不到他的家
He has made the baseball team.	他已經成為了棒球隊員
He is crazy about jazz.	他醉心于爵士乐
I don't like movies.	我不喜歡電影
I thought Tom would never shut up.	我認為湯姆不會住口
This really is a nice surprise.	真是个惊喜
We'll fly there in 50 minutes.	50	分鐘之內我們將飛到那裡
Germany was once allied with Italy.	德国曾是意大利的同盟国
Are you nuts?	你不要命啦
This dam supplies us with water and electricity.	这个水坝给我们提供水和电
Who told you Tom broke his leg?	谁告诉你们汤姆把腿摔断的
The summer is over.	夏天过去了
You must make up for the loss.	你必须弥补损失
He is a bad driver.	他是個糟糕的司機
You broke the rule.	你坏了规矩
We have two kids.	我们有两个孩子
I tried not to cry.	我努力忍住哭
You'd better not have driven my car.	你最好不要開了我的車
She could hardly keep from laughing when she saw the dress.	當她看到那件衣服
He did not think he needed their protection.	他认为他不需要他们的保护
All I want now is a little sleep.	我现在只想睡点觉
They guaranteed regular employment to their workers.	他們對他們的員工保證就業
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
That's perfect.	那是完美的
Tom tried to kiss me, but I didn't let him.	汤姆要亲我
I told you to stop, didn't I?	我告訴了你停下來
Can you swim?	你會游泳嗎
We got a good price for that.	我們得到了一個很好的價格買那個東西
Summer has ended.	夏天已經結束
Today is the hottest day this year.	今天是今年最熱的一天
There's been a death in his family.	他的家不幸有人身亡
I'll wait for you in front of the school.	我在學校前面等你
We have three spare rooms, none of which can be used.	虽然有三间空屋
There was a light rain yesterday.	昨天下小雨
Where do I get the subway?	我在哪裡坐地鐵
Come out here. I need help.	出来
It looks like Tom won the race.	看起來像是湯姆贏得了比賽
Mary arrived at the hospital.	瑪麗到了醫院
He had every reason for doing so.	他有充分的理由這樣做
I'm fed up with this weather.	我受够了这天气
There are a lot of books in the library.	圖書館裡有很多書
What subject do you think he is interested in?	你觉得他会对什么主题感兴趣
She gave the door a gentle push.	她輕輕地推了門
I ran across an old friend near the bank.	我在银行附近碰见老朋友
It was through his influence that she became interested in ecology.	她开始对生态学感兴趣
Tom showed up at about 2:30.	汤姆两点半左右到的
What do you say to taking a walk in the park?	去公园散步你觉得怎么样
Why are you crying?	你為什麼哭
Tom has written to me.	汤姆给我写信了
I should've gone to Australia with Tom.	我本该和汤姆一起去澳大利亚
I don't want to sleep.	我不想睡覺
I said shut up!	我说过了
Now they have three children.	现在他们有三个孩子
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.	理论上说
We give a 10% discount for cash.	如用現金付款
That's not altogether false.	那不全是錯的
Mary is very cute.	玛丽非常可爱
I've seen it with my own eyes.	我親眼看見了
Children depend on their parents for food, clothing and shelter.	孩子们的衣食住行靠的是他们的父母
I want a cellular phone, but I don't have enough money to pay for one.	我想要一支手機
How's your project going?	你的项目进展得怎么样
Let's eat now. I'm starving.	咱们吃吧
What time is it?	现在几点了
He endeavored to make his wife happy, but in vain.	他試著想讓他妻子開心
His lie got him into trouble when his boss discovered the truth.	当他老板发现真相的时候
Are you sure you don't want to sleep on it?	你確定你不想睡在它上面嗎
The deadline is approaching.	期限近了
Neither Tom nor Mary has been losing weight.	汤姆和玛丽减肥都没减下来
We took strong measures to prevent it.	我们采取了强有力的预防措施
The phone rang when I was having lunch.	當我正在吃午餐時
The police assembled a lot of evidence against him.	警察收集了很多对他不利的证据
There was nothing left in the refrigerator.	冰箱里什么都没剩下
Science is fun.	科學好玩
I feel better today than yesterday.	我今天感覺比昨天好
She teaches reading and writing.	她教閱讀和寫作
Tom isn't paying attention.	汤姆在开小差
Do you like school?	你們喜歡學校嗎
I didn't recognize him at first.	起初我沒認出他來
He probably won't come.	他可能不会来了
Despite his riches, he's not contented.	尽管他很富有
It's gravity that makes satellites move around the Earth.	让卫星环绕地球的是重力
Your glasses fell on the floor.	你的眼镜掉在地上了
It's no longer snowing.	已經不下雪了
Maybe next time.	也许下一次吧
Who can tell what will happen in the future?	谁能说将来会发生什么呢
Let's ask if it's true.	让我们来问问这是不是真的
War may break out at any moment.	戰爭隨時可能爆發
Who won?	谁赢了
May I open my eyes now?	我現在能睜眼嗎
It is no use talking with him.	跟他說話沒用
Does he speak English?	他说英语吗
His name was on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn't remember it.	我都快要说出他的名字了
Attack is the best form of defense.	進攻是最好的防禦
Shut your mouth.	闭上你的嘴
Tom wants to know if you have time to help him.	Tom	想知道你是否有時間幫助他
Although the government refuses to admit it, its economic policy is in ruins.	尽管政府拒绝承认
I'm looking for my pen.	我在找我的鋼筆
There's only one window in my room.	我的房間裡只有一个窗戶
Would you like something to eat?	您想吃点什么吗
Please come back home as soon as you can.	请尽快回家
Tom is speaking French.	汤姆在说法语
He is a very thoughtful person.	他是個很體貼的人
What happened? The car's slowing down.	發生了什麼事
My home is far away.	我家很远
That medicine isn't going to help.	那药不会管用
I'm sure Tom won't have any trouble finding us.	我确定汤姆找到我们没有任何问题
We're finding it difficult deciding on which one to buy.	我们觉得很难决定买哪一个
Whose birthday was it yesterday?	昨天是谁过生日
An opportunity like this only comes along once in a lifetime.	一辈子只会出现一次像这样的机会
What are you two arguing about?	你們兩個在爭論甚麼
So you give up, right?	所以你放弃了
I forgot to lock the drawer.	我忘记锁上抽屉了
I live in Boston, but I was born in Chicago.	我住在波士顿
If you could go back and start your life again, from what age would you like to start?	假如能回到过去让人生再来一遍的话
It's very uncomfortable.	真讓人不舒服
I'd like to call my family.	我想给家人打电话
What do you want for Christmas?	想要什么样的圣诞节礼物呢
She answered my letter right away.	她立刻回信給我
Tom needs the money.	湯姆需要錢
I swim once a week.	我每周游一次泳
You seem very nervous.	你看起来很紧张
I can't breathe through my nose.	我的鼻子没办法呼吸了
There isn't a cloud in the sky.	天上没有一片云
Take anything you like.	拿走你喜欢的任何东西
The wall is partly covered with ivy.	墙被常青藤覆盖了一部分
I feel bad enough already.	我已经觉得够糟了
English is spoken by more people than any other language.	說英語的人比說任何其他語言的人多
He will succeed to the throne.	他会继承王位
I don't worry about the risk.	我不担心风险
What are you here for?	你為什麼在這
This house is mine.	这个房子是我的
Come to my house this afternoon.	今天下午到我家来一趟
Suddenly it began to rain.	突然開始下雨
I'd like you to tell me the truth.	我想要你把真相告诉我
I don't want to get out of bed today.	我今天不想起床
She asked us to leave her alone.	她要求我們別吵她
The child cried loudly.	小孩大声呼叫
He studied hard in order to get into college.	他努力学习
Words express thoughts.	語言表達思想
I'd like to pay by credit card.	我想用信用卡支付
I'm studying computer science.	我在学习计算机科学
It's been raining since morning.	雨從早上一直下到現在
The sky is full of dark clouds.	天空乌云密布
We like you.	我们喜欢你们
This is way better.	这样好多了
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.	兔子长着长长的耳朵和短短的尾巴
I study about two hours every day.	我每天讀書大約兩個小時
Being rejected is painful.	被拒絕是痛苦的
You should go in person.	你應該親自去
Tom can do so much better than I can.	湯姆可以比我做得好很多
I am going to my room, where I can study.	我要回房间了
Do you study every day?	你每天都学习吗
A year has twelve months.	一年有十二個月
We're used to staying up late.	我们习惯熬夜
If you'd listen a little more carefully to what the teacher says, you'd probably be able to understand.	假如你在老师讲课的时候再集中一点去听讲的话
She was advised by him to go to the police.	他勸她去報警
Traffic was blocked by a landslide.	交通被山崩所阻斷
I will gladly help you.	我會很樂意幫助你
A brilliant future lay before him.	大好的前途摆在他面前
What's this smell?	这是什么气味
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.	昨天的董事會會議非常成功
She married a rich old man.	她嫁给了个有钱老头
Please help yourself to the fruit.	請隨意吃水果
It may or may not be true.	這可能是真的
Tom was injured in the blast.	汤姆在爆炸中受伤
What did Tom expect Mary to do?	汤姆打算让玛丽做什么
Tom seemed to like your cooking.	汤姆好像很喜欢你做的菜
Someone is waiting for you downstairs.	楼下有人在等您
Tom has admitted that he was there that night.	汤姆承认他那晚是在那里
It snowed last night.	昨晚下了雪
Will you dance with me?	你愿意和我跳舞吗
He was a man of great ambition.	他是个很有野心的人
I'm worried about Tom.	我在為湯姆擔心
Keep your money. I don't want it.	留着你的钱吧
What are you doing, Dad?	爸
Put some salt into the boiling water.	放點鹽到滾水裡
They're eating their apples.	他們在吃他們的蘋果
I can't accept this gift.	我不能收这份礼
Did Tom win?	汤姆赢了吗
It's quarter to eight now.	现在是七点四十五分
The garden was surrounded by a wooden fence.	花园被木栅栏围了起来
You're the enemy.	你是敌人
I know.	我知道
She was accepted by Harvard.	她被哈佛錄取了
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.	自從她在廚房裡摔倒後
It's just big enough for Tom.	这尽够汤姆的
This book is quite difficult.	这本书很难读
She always cared about my health.	她總是關心我的健康
It's my treat.	我請客
Tom is unlikely to do that again.	湯姆不太可能再那麼做了
She broke the window on purpose.	她故意把窗戶弄壞了
After winning the Nobel prize, she remained as modest as ever.	獲得諾貝爾獎後
Did you hear what I said?	你聽見我說的了嗎
I enjoyed watching TV yesterday.	昨天我很開心地看電視
What is the name of that river?	這條河的名字是什麼
That means a lot to me.	那对我来说意义重大
The faucet is dripping.	水龙头在滴水
The strike affected the nation's economy.	罢工影响了国家经济
Tom is taking a shower.	Tom	在洗澡
The baby was in a deep sleep in his mother's arms.	孩子在母亲的怀中熟睡
They say that he has been dead for two years.	他们说他死了两年了
She is married to an American.	她嫁給了美國人
Tom was an architect.	汤姆是建筑师
My uncle has a flower shop near the station.	我叔叔在車站附近有一家花店
Tom will probably never be late again.	湯姆可能再也不遲到了
I need to go home a little early today.	我今天要早点回家
Should I cancel the call?	我该取消通话吗
Is it love?	那是愛嗎
Are you listening?	你们在听吗
We lost sight of the man in the crowd.	在人群中
Rather than cutting down on cigarettes, why don't you just give them up?	比起少抽菸
The boys' bicycle is in the garage.	男孩們的腳踏車在車庫裡
I had no idea Tom was not happy.	我不知道汤姆不开心
He shot at me.	他槍擊了我
Are you satisfied now?	你高興了嗎
Please hold on a moment.	请稍等一下
You can't achieve anything without effort.	没有什么是不劳而获的
His father passed away last year.	他的父親去年過世了
Don't you want to go out?	你不想出去嗎
My handwriting is illegible.	我的字迹难以辨别
My job is to wash dishes.	我的工作是洗碗
I'll peel an orange for you.	我给你剥橙子
The leader governed his country for more than 50 years.	這位領導人統治了他的國家五十年
They make good use of their rooms.	他們好好地利用他們的房間
She assigned the work to him.	她把這個工作派給他做
Anyway, you'll never know.	不管怎樣
Please show me around.	請帶我到處看看
Did I say something I shouldn't have?	我說了什麼我不應該說的嗎
Try to have a positive attitude about everything.	试着用积极的态度去面对任何事情
He came home late in the evening.	他晚上很晚回家
I asked him to go there tomorrow.	我要求他明天去那裡
Tom denied having stolen the money.	Tom	否认偷了钱
I couldn't sleep.	我睡不着觉
He risked losing all his fortune.	他冒着失去所有财产的危险
My father is very much involved in the stock market now.	我爸爸现在非常专注于股市
I don't know if you feel the same as I do.	我不知道你是否和我有一样的感觉
You're cuter than Mary.	你比玛丽可爱
Tom is interested in mathematics.	湯姆是對數學感興趣
If Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do, please let me know.	如果汤姆没有做他应当做的事
Investigating the causes of cancer is very expensive.	有關癌症成因的研究耗費頗巨
School begins at 8:30 a.m.	学校
The rivers were flooded by the heavy rain.	大雨使河水泛滥
Don't exceed the speed limit.	不要超速
Do you want to know what I see?	你想知道我看见什么了吗
No one can control him.	沒人管束或開導他
Don't forget to sign your name.	不要忘記簽上你的名字
My father didn't eat much fruit.	我父親沒有吃很多的水果
I want to go abroad.	我想要出国
He failed in his attempt to swim across the river.	他试图游过河
Tom is still in Boston.	汤姆还在波士顿
Tom is an electrical engineer.	湯姆是一個電子工程師
Would you like some more beer?	你想再喝些啤酒嗎
They all envied my new car.	他们都羡慕我的新车
I've been spending too much time with Tom.	我在湯姆身上花的時間太多了
Their meeting was inevitable.	他們的相遇是必然的
Tom has just remodeled his kitchen.	汤姆刚改建了他的厨房
It was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success.	他很难掩饰对自己成功的骄傲
Tom's birthday was yesterday.	汤姆的生日是昨天
I have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary.	如果必要的话
In a crisis, you must get in touch with your teacher.	在危險的時候你必須跟你的老師聯繫
What happened today?	今天发生了什么事
Do you play soccer?	你踢足球嗎
I am at home.	我在家
He's always complaining.	他總是在抱怨
Wait a moment.	請稍等
I just threw up.	我剛才吐了
I can't change what happened yesterday.	我没法改变昨天发生的事情
The days are getting longer and longer.	白天漸漸地越來越長
I got a hole in my jeans.	我的牛仔褲破了一個洞
Since I couldn't pay the rent, I asked him for help.	因为我付不了租金
Don't forget to bring a camera.	别忘了带个相机
You may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures.	如果你不按照安全手续来的话
He backed his car into the garage.	他倒車入車庫
I like flowers.	我喜歡花
Tom is playing the violin now.	湯姆正在拉小提琴
What made you so angry?	什麼讓你這麼生氣
My attitude towards him changed.	我对他的态度变了
The rain washed away the soil.	土壤被雨水冲走了
I'm fed up with eating in restaurants.	我受夠了在餐館吃飯
A rock fell from above.	一块岩石从上面落下
Field hockey is not very popular in China.	曲棍球在中国不是很流行
What is your name?	您叫什么名字
We went to the park to play.	我们去了公园玩
This is a bad thing.	這是件壞事
The plan isn't workable.	计划行不通
Lots of herons live in the marsh.	许多苍鹭在沼泽地中生活
Is this something you want?	这是你要的吗
The population of London is much greater than that of any other British city.	倫敦的人口遠遠多於其他英國城市的人口
Wolves scare me.	狼嚇到了我
Are you staying at this hotel?	你住在這家旅館嗎
Had I known about it, I would have told you.	如果我知道的话
How large is the population of New York City?	纽约市的人口有多少
You'd better send for a doctor.	你最好派人去請醫生來
You have to be patient.	你必須有耐心
It has been cold since yesterday.	從昨天開始變冷了
I'm not one hundred percent convinced of that.	我不是百分之百确定
Try it.	试试吧
Step on it!	快一點
I want to know why I'm here.	我想知道我為甚麼在這裡
The sun sets in the west.	太阳在西边落下
Tom has started studying karate.	汤姆已经开始学习空手道了
Quality is more important than quantity.	数量不如质量
It's easy to add 5 to 10.	5	加
I'm still waiting for Tom to get here.	我还在等湯姆來這裡
I'm sorry that I misunderstood you.	我很抱歉误会了您
I want to travel with you.	我想和你去旅行
They worked jointly on this project.	他们一起为这个项目工作过
He demanded that I should pay the money at once.	他要求我马上付钱
Has the bell rung?	钟响过了吗
She seems to be unhappy.	她看起來不快樂
Tom'll wait.	湯姆會等
Why don't you take a break?	为什么你不休息一下
She ran very fast to catch up with the other members.	她跑得很快是为了赶上其他成员
He's doing his best.	他在全力以赴
They're kids.	她们是孩子
Ten houses were burned down.	十間房屋被燒毀了
He doesn't work here anymore.	他不再工作于此
We had an earthquake last night.	昨晚我們這裡發生了地震
Tom is clean.	湯姆是乾净的
He's in charge of the department.	他負責這個部門
May I use your phone?	我能用你的电话吗
My uncle gave me the watch.	我叔叔給了我這支錶
Two adult tickets and three children's tickets to London, please.	请给我两张到伦敦的成人票
Here is your change.	這是你零錢
I'm cool.	我很酷
I'll swim.	我要游泳
Do you go often?	您经常去吗
He's an excellent brain surgeon.	他是一個優秀的腦外科醫生
America is a land of immigrants.	美國是一個移民國家
He hasn't come yet.	他還沒來
I can't play tennis very well.	我網球打的不是很好
They can wait.	他们等得了
I'm sitting in the railway station.	我坐在火車站裡
Clean your room.	清掃你的房間
Do you have a larger size?	你有比較大的尺寸嗎
Everyone comes to Tom for advice.	每個人都請教湯姆
If you need anything, let me know.	如果你需要任何東西
Prices are going up.	物价上涨了
Five gallons of regular, please.	請照平常一樣五加侖
I like your city.	我喜欢你们的城市
I want to go to the skating rink.	我想去滑冰场
The fire was out.	火熄灭了
It is Sunday tomorrow.	明天是星期天
I hope I can do that before I die.	我希望我能在死前做一次
Tom had a bad accident.	汤姆出了桩事故
Preventive measures are much more effective than the actual treatment.	预防措施比真正的治疗更有效
Is Tom at school?	汤姆在学校吗
Tom will be a teacher someday.	湯姆有一天會成為教師
Did you watch TV last night?	你昨晚看電視了嗎
It's boring to stay at home.	呆在家里很无聊
Turn on the TV.	开电视
Tom gave Mary a kiss on both cheeks.	汤姆亲吻了玛丽的两颊
She filled her bag with apples.	她在她的袋子裡裝滿了蘋果
Would you like to eat with us?	你想和我們一起吃嗎
It's difficult to understand his theory.	他的理论很难懂
I think Tom probably likes you a lot.	我認為湯姆可能很喜歡你
I can do what I want.	我可以随心所欲
Don't underestimate us.	别瞧不起人
Tom thinks I'm missing this great opportunity.	汤姆认为我要错过这大好机会了
I only want to know the facts.	我只想知道事实
I respect Tom.	我尊敬湯姆
A considerable amount of time and effort have been spent already.	已經花費了很多的時間和精力
At the time there were no native English speakers teaching in any public school.	當時沒有任何以英語為母語的人在公立學校任教
Which is your favorite team?	你最喜歡哪一隊
I want Tom to do it.	我要让汤姆去做
OK, you win.	好吧
He lives alone.	他一个人生活
The police will put you behind bars.	警察會把你關在牢裡
How about some more roast beef?	再多一些烤牛肉怎麼樣
What did you do with my glasses?	你把我的眼鏡怎麼了
I miss her so much.	我那么想念她
Tom needs a friend.	湯姆需要一個朋友
What is that big building in front of us?	我们面前的这幢高楼是什么
I'm always busy.	我总是有事
The sea is blue.	大海是蓝色的
Do you want wine?	你要酒吗
Are you afraid?	你害怕吗
I sometimes play tennis with her.	有時我會跟她打網球
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.	现在的日本与二十年前大不相同
That was an excellent putt.	那是一個很棒的推桿
I'm fairly certain Tom lives on Park Street.	我很确定汤姆住在公园街
Could you please get me a taxi?	你可以幫我叫一輛計程車嗎
It isn't as easy to do that as people think.	这并不像一般人觉得的那么容易
I can't understand how Tom could know.	我不明白汤姆是怎么知道的
He is rarely in a good mood.	他很少心情很好
Why does the US government let people have guns?	为什么美国政府让人们持有枪械
I often go downtown on Sunday.	我星期天经常去市中心
The ice was thick enough for me to walk on.	冰厚得足以让我在上面走路
Why wasn't Tom arrested?	為甚麼湯姆沒被捕
I want this work completed by two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.	明天下午
I've got something I want to show you.	我有东西想给你看看
Lend me some money if you have any.	你有钱的话
Since I had met him once before, I recognized him right away.	由於我以前見過他一次
We don't have time to debate.	我們沒有時間來辯論
Best wishes from all of us.	我们所有人都祝福你
The things he says are not the least bit important.	他说的话根本毫无意义
He put a hand gently on her shoulder.	他把他的手溫柔地放在她的肩上
I think we're ready.	我認為我們準備好了
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed home.	昨天太冷了
Nothing is achieved without effort.	没有什么是不劳而获的
I'm a loser.	我是個不成器的人
Can you please give me something to do?	请问你能给我点事做吗
I want to stay.	我想要留下
You don't believe Tom, do you?	你不信任汤姆
I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.	我觉得一部电影比任何书都有趣
Give me that book.	把书给我
Never underestimate Tom.	千万不可低估汤姆
London was very important for economical and cultural reasons.	倫敦過去因為經濟和文化的緣故
These boxes are heavy.	这些箱子重
I'd like to send these to Japan.	我想將這些寄送到日本
My legs still hurt.	我的腿还是很痛
I got my hair cut.	我把我的頭髮剪了
Most people brush their teeth at least two times a day.	多数人每天至少刷两次牙
The music was very loud.	那音乐声音十分响
Would you like some more beef?	你想再來些牛肉嗎
She always clears the table after a meal.	她经常在饭后收拾桌子
What will you make?	你會做什麼
He is an expert at fishing.	他是捕鱼达人
He raised his hand.	他舉起他的手
I don't drink or smoke.	我既不抽烟也不喝酒
I wondered if her story was true.	我想知道她的故事是否是真的
Tom has been driving all day.	汤姆整天都在开车
I wish you had come with us.	要是你和我們一起來就好了
I don't think that it's necessary.	我想没这个必要
I feel hopeful about the future.	我對未來感到有希望
There's an orange on the table.	桌上有一只橙子
I intend to go there.	我打算去那裡
I haven't yet watched that video.	我还没看过那段视频
I like red roses.	我喜歡紅色的玫瑰
Could you lend me the book?	你能借我这本书吗
The earth is similar to an orange in shape.	地球的外形和橙子相似
Your account is empty.	你的賬戶空了
Put this jacket on, and you'll be much warmer.	穿上外套吧
I'm looking forward to seeing you again.	我期待再見到你
There was nothing on the radio about the accident.	電台沒有提到這個事故
We've ordered Chinese food.	我们点了中餐
That's the village I was born in.	这就是我出生的村庄
She grew up to be a veterinarian.	她長大後成為了一名獸醫
I took the elevator to the third floor.	我乘电梯上三楼
Who wants hot chocolate?	誰要熱巧克力
Your opinion is similar to mine.	你的意見跟我的相似
I admit that I'm not the tidiest person in the world.	我承认
Put in a little more sugar.	多放一點糖
She got married when she was twenty-five.	她二十五歲時結婚了
Mary is going to help us tomorrow.	瑪麗明天會幫我們
Hurry up, or you will miss the last train.	再不快点你就要赶不上末班车了
Tom stood up from his chair.	汤姆从椅子上站了起来
The mouse ran into the hole.	這隻老鼠跑進洞裡
It looks like snow, doesn't it?	看起來要下雪了
I wonder if I hurt Tom's feelings.	我不知道我是不是伤害了汤姆的感情
The telephone operator asked the caller to hold on until a connection was made.	电话运营商提示来电人等候接通
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.	佛罗伦萨是意大利最美丽的城市
Destroy this temple.	摧毁这个寺庙
She got married against her father's will.	她違背了她父親的意願結了婚
Did you kill Tom?	是你杀了汤姆吗
That was the first time that a man walked on the moon.	那是人类第一次在月球上行走
Can you guess my age?	你能猜到我的年龄吗
Any student can answer that question.	任何學生都可以回答這個問題
The birds flew to the south.	群鸟南翔
Your book is on the desk.	你的书在书桌上
I was very hungry.	我很饿
I couldn't hear you.	我听不见你
The refugees struggled against hunger.	难民与饥饿作斗争
It is by no means certain.	这根本不是确定的
Tom will be back in the afternoon.	湯姆下午會回來
One hundred years is called a century.	一百年被叫做一个世纪
No news is good news.	没消息就是好消息
I haven't done very much this year.	我今年沒做多少事
It makes sense.	那样说得通
He is rather hard to please.	取悅他很難
Please close the door.	请关门
Tom bought new gloves.	湯姆買了新手套
They aren't afraid of death.	他们不怕死
If they hadn't noticed, there wouldn't have been any problems.	要是他们没有发现
Did the police ever question you?	警察盘问你了吗
I'm going to swim every day.	我要每天去游泳
What time is it now in Boston?	波士顿现在几点
Tom is a little worried.	湯姆有點擔心
She looks like a teacher.	她看起来像老师
Please call a taxi for this lady.	请为这位女士叫辆出租车
Tom is a bit snobbish.	汤姆有一点势利
What's for dinner tonight?	今天晚饭吃什么
The cake is too sweet.	这个蛋糕太甜了
It must be done more carefully.	应该更谨慎地处理它
My plan is different from yours.	我的计划和你的不同
People used to laugh at us.	人们以前笑话我们
Better late than never.	迟做总比不做好
Please tell me your address.	请告诉我你的地址
Please let me try the game.	請讓我試試這個遊戲吧
Ignorance is bliss.	無知就是幸福
Suddenly, I heard shouting.	突然
I've never climbed Mt. Fuji.	我從來沒有爬過富士山
I am a bachelor.	我单身
He mistook me for my twin brother.	他把我誤認為我的雙胞胎兄弟
Which book is better?	哪一本書比較好
To tell you the truth, this is a little too spicy for me.	说实话
I read an exciting story.	我讀了一篇精彩的故事
We took turns driving.	我們輪流開車
He hid behind the door.	他藏到了门后
He arrived in time.	他准时来了
Tom translated the document into French.	汤姆把文档译成法语
How much money does he make a month?	他每个月挣多少
I had a good time this evening.	今天晚上我玩得很開心
Your breath smells.	你有口臭
Yolks are yellow.	蛋黃是黃色的
She got the ticket for nothing.	她免費得到這張票
Try it once again.	再试一次
Let me know where you're staying.	讓我知道你住在哪裡
Nobody knows.	谁也不知道
She shut herself up in her room.	她把自己关在房里
Christmas is almost here.	聖誕節快到了
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
How do you pronounce your last name?	你的姓怎麼讀
Tom has his own problems.	汤姆有他自己的问题
I get along with my younger brother.	我與我的弟弟相處融洽
The students are currently on holiday.	现在学生在放假
Tom seems tough.	汤姆看来难缠
Mary loses her temper easily.	瑪麗很容易發脾氣
Suddenly, it started to rain very hard.	突然就下起了大雨
Does the letter need to be written in English?	這封信需要用英文寫嗎
I've already told Tom he can't go to Mary's party.	我已經告訴湯姆他不能去瑪麗的聚會了
Who wants it?	谁想要它
In a few minutes we'll be landing at New Tokyo International Airport.	我们将于几分钟内降落在新东京国际机场
The bus stopped, but nobody got off.	巴士虽然停了
Children love Halloween.	孩子们爱万圣节
It's taking a little longer than I expected.	我花了比預期更多的時間
We have absolutely nothing in common.	我们完全没有共同点
He has been to Hokkaido.	他曾去過北海道
I would rather stay at home than go out in this hot weather.	在这种暑天里我宁愿呆在家也不出去
Winners don't use drugs.	優勝者不使用藥物
Give me a chance to make you proud of me.	给我机会来让你为我感到自豪
The bill amounted to 100 dollars.	帐单金额高达
Thanks for calling me.	谢谢你给我打电话
White doves are beautiful birds.	白鸽是种美丽的鸟类
Tom doesn't like doing homework.	汤姆不喜欢做作业
I love you more than anyone else.	我爱你胜过其他任何一个人
I'm sorry, I dialed the wrong number.	對不起
According to the weather forecast, the rainy season will set in next week.	根据天气预报
I felt sad and lonely.	我感到凄清与孤独
I want to go and change into that shirt I bought yesterday.	我想去換我昨天買的這件襯衫
Is it all right if I call you Tom?	我可以叫您汤姆吗
He arrived after the bell rang.	鈴響後他就到了
I wish I had a car.	但願我有一輛車
Mary can speak Japanese.	瑪麗會講日語
The news made her sad.	这个消息让她很伤心
I will buy a new car next month.	我下个月买辆新车
This meal is adequate for three.	这饭足够三个人吃
I'm cold. Would you mind turning the heating on?	我很冷
What do you want?	你想要什麼
Now shake hands and make up.	现在握个手和解吧
Would you like something to eat?	你想吃點東西嗎
Put on some clothes.	你穿點東西
The situation is getting worse by the day.	情况一天比一天差
Would you please shut the window?	能不能请你把窗关了
Tom was humble.	湯姆曾是謙遜的
Tom is a good friend of yours, isn't he?	湯姆是你的好朋友
How did you know I like Tom?	你怎么知道我喜欢汤姆
What are they saying?	他們在說什麼
Tom told me that I shouldn't ever do that.	湯姆說我絶不該做
It's my turn to drive next.	下次该轮到我开车了
You're the best man for the job.	你是最適合做這份工作的人
What he said is not true.	他說的話不是真的
He sometimes makes dinner for us.	他有時煮晚飯給我們吃
Were you serious about that?	你对那是认真的吗
I noticed a pattern.	我注意到一個圖案
I'm sick of eating fast food.	我受够吃快餐了
Tom is a man, and I'm a woman.	汤姆是男人
I don't feel much like talking.	我不太想說話
Tom bought some flowers for Mary.	湯姆給瑪麗帶了些花
Tennis is my favorite sport.	网球是我最喜欢的运动
Tom is hiding a terrible secret.	汤姆隐藏着一个可怕的秘密
That's what Tom promised.	那是汤姆承诺的
This chair is light.	这把椅子很轻
My father has been engaged in foreign trade for many years.	我父亲经营外贸多年
We succeeded.	我们成功了
Why do you even care about this?	你怎麼還關心這個
My children are twins.	我的孩子是雙胞胎
Who wrote these poems?	这是谁写的诗
Tom has to do that right away.	汤姆必须马上去做
The girl resembles her mother.	這個女孩酷似她的母親
The police are checking their bags.	警察正在检查他们的包
Have you found your contact lenses?	你找到你的隱形眼鏡了嗎
Tom doesn't respect Mary's opinion.	汤姆不尊重玛丽的观点
Let's go as soon as it stops raining.	只要雨一停我们就走
We sometimes swim in the lake.	我們偶爾在湖裡游泳
I admit I'm not the tidiest person in the world.	我承认
The birds sang.	鳥兒歌唱
I was born in 1988.	我生于
Just put those packages anywhere.	只要把那些包包放在任何地方都行
I was mistaken.	我想错了
Shouldn't somebody be helping Tom?	难道不该有人帮汤姆吗
Do you like it?	你喜欢吗
He was hit by a car and died instantly.	他被車撞了之後便過世了
You'd better go home.	你最好回家
Who gave you this?	这谁给你的
Will I see you tomorrow?	我明天能见到你吗
Everyone was happy.	每個人都高興
He is hard to get along with.	他這個人很難相處
I don't think that any more students want to come.	我觉得不会有更多学生想来了
What's the meaning of this word?	這個字的意思是什麼
I had nothing to do with that incident.	我跟那个事件没有什么关系
I want you to stay here longer.	我希望你留在這兒久一點
Are there any other suggestions?	還有其他建議嗎
Both French and English are spoken in Canada.	在加拿大的人說法語和英語
Don't forget where you put it.	不要忘記你放在哪裡
That's an interesting idea.	那是个有趣的主意
You can dig dirt from the ground.	你可以在地上挖土
The bus doesn't always come on time.	巴士不总是能准点到达
Wood floats.	木头会漂浮
I'll get you something nice.	我会给点你好东西
You're so naive.	你太天真了
What do you want now?	你现在想要什么
We bought a round table.	我们买了张圆桌
In general, men run faster than women.	一般來說
Thank you for agreeing to meet with us.	谢谢你答应来见我
She had the nerve to speak out.	她有膽量說出來
I'll visit him tomorrow.	明天我將拜訪他
I go to school every day.	我每天都去学校
Tom didn't come home last night. I hope he's OK.	昨晚湯姆沒有回家
If there's anything urgent, you can get in touch with me.	紧急情况下
I'm looking forward to seeing him.	我期待再次見到他
This book is yours.	這本書是你的
Tom is a decent sort of guy.	汤姆是个诚实的男孩
Don't underestimate my power.	不要小看我的力量
There's something weird happening.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
I wonder how many Canadians live in Boston.	我在想有多少加拿大人住在波士頓
America likes to claim that it is a "classless" society.	美国是一个自称没有社会阶层的国家
What's the name of that bird?	那隻鳥叫什麼名字
It was dark when I reached the hotel.	我到旅馆的时候
She got in at 9 p.m.	她晚上九點鐘上了車
This guy looks like a fox.	这家伙像个狐狸
Do you have any money with you?	你身上有錢嗎
We didn't break in.	我们没有打断
Tom needs Mary's help.	湯姆需要瑪麗的幫助
I live in this neighborhood.	我住在這附近
Tom says it's quite important.	汤姆说它十分重要
Someday I'll buy a cotton candy machine.	有一天我买了一台棉花糖机
You'd better stay here a little longer.	你最好在這裡待久一點
Take care!	照顾好自己
Let's discuss the problem with them.	让我们和他们讨论这个问题吧
May I borrow your knife?	我能借一下你的刀吗
He doesn't like coffee.	他不喜歡喝咖啡
Why worry about Tom?	為什麼要擔心
Tom didn't go.	汤姆没走
Do you have a better explanation?	你有更好的理由嗎
She has a daughter who is a pianist.	她有一个钢琴家女儿
The students are talking about language and culture.	学生们在探讨语言和文化
We soon caught up with them.	我們很快就追上了他們
Who are my real parents?	谁才是我真正的父母
This is my new guitar.	这是我的新吉他
What do you have for breakfast?	你早餐吃什么
Where do you work?	您在哪里工作
He started going bald quite young.	他很年輕就開始禿頭了
She is nothing but a child.	她只是個孩子
She was about to go out.	她正要出去
We want to clear up this problem.	我们像澄清这个问题
My father's a doctor.	我父亲是个大夫
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.	獲人贈馬
She is pigeon-toed.	她是个内八字
Tom is a dolphin trainer.	汤姆是海豚训练员
I thought that you had to get up by 7:30.	我以为你要
I overslept because my alarm didn't go off.	因为闹铃没有响
She doesn't want to talk about it.	她不想提了
It didn't cross my mind.	这不是我的想法
The students performed Hamlet.	学生们表演哈姆雷特
I have a dictionary.	我有一個字典
He will reach Hakodate tonight.	他今晚將抵達函館
He's very smart, and he's handsome too.	他很聪明
I will be happy to attend your party.	我很快樂能參加你的派對
I was just about to leave.	我就要离开了
A cat came out from under the desk.	一隻貓從桌底下出來
I'd like to make a call to Tokyo, Japan. The number is 3202-5625.	我想要打个电话到日本东京
This is by far the best novel that has been published this year.	这显然是今年出版的最好的小说
I'll get there as soon as I can.	我会尽可能早地到那儿
I'm sure that she's correct.	我很肯定她是正確的
An argument may be logically sound without being true.	不正确的命题听起来可能符合逻辑
They both want a child.	他倆想要一個孩子
This book is beautifully illustrated.	这本书有精美的插图
Let's go!	走吧
Do you know where Tom lives?	你知道汤姆住哪儿吗
He advised her to stop drinking.	他建議她戒酒
What's become of your dog?	你的狗怎麼了
What's the hurry?	这么着急干什么
You are drunk!	你喝醉了
She pretended not to hear him yesterday.	昨天她裝作沒有聽見他
I do not sleep well.	我睡不好
Do you have a camera?	你有照相机吗
I've been requested to help you.	有人请我帮你
Tom has already been told to leave Mary alone.	汤姆已经被告知别再打搅玛丽了
A true scientist wouldn't think like that.	一个正确的科学家不会那样想
Tom worked very hard and earned a lot of money.	汤姆努力工作挣了好多钱
I am here on business.	我在這裡出差
Would you please look after my dog tomorrow?	你明天可以幫我照顧一下我的狗嗎
The paint was coming off the wall.	油漆從牆上脫落
I am studying now.	我现在正在学习
I just wanted to check my email.	我只想查一下我的电子邮件
Come with me.	跟我走
Hunger is the best sauce.	对于一个饥饿的人来说
What kind of stone is this?	这是什么石头
This is a Chinese fan.	这是一把中式扇子
I've just published a new post on my blog.	我剛在我的博客上發表了一個新帖子
I wish you good luck.	祝您好运
You must answer these questions.	你必須回答這些問題
She died of stomach cancer.	她死于胃癌
She kept the secret to herself.	她守著這個秘密
Hug Tom.	抱抱汤姆
They didn't act quickly.	他们没有立刻行动
Tom says he needs a nap.	汤姆说他需要午睡
I generally walk to school.	一般我步行去学校
He belongs to the camera club.	他參加攝影社
A winter without snow isn't winter.	沒有雪的冬天不是冬天
What time did you get up today?	你今天几点起的床
Tom's girlfriend threatened to leave him.	汤姆的女朋友威胁要离开他
We had a good time playing chess.	我們下棋玩得很開心
Tom got rid of his old books.	汤姆扔掉了他的旧书
I must've mistyped the number.	我一定是打錯號碼了
He even called me an idiot.	他甚至骂我傻瓜
I feel sick.	我有点恶心
I've seen that.	我見過
Tom and Mary spoke on the phone.	湯姆和瑪麗在電話裡交流
Tom told me he wanted to win.	湯姆告訴我他想贏
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll kiss you.	如果你買給我冰淇淋
Birds sing.	鳥兒歌唱
All essays must be handed in on time.	所有文章都必须在规定时间内交上来
Are you looking for something?	你在找什么吗
The room smelled of tobacco.	房里有股烟味
You must not jump to conclusions.	你不可以妄下結論
You should run for city council.	你应该去竞选城市委员会
It was fun playing in the park.	在公園裡玩很有趣
Tom's bicycle was stolen yesterday.	湯姆的自行車昨天被偷了
Do you know why she couldn't come?	你知道她為什麼不能來嗎
What we need is a little more time.	我们只需要再多一点时间
She accused me of telling a lie.	她指責我說謊
I'll always love you, no matter what happens.	不論發生了什麼事
Tulips will bloom soon.	郁金香将很快盛开
Don't ask her any questions about her marriage.	不要問她任何有關婚姻的問題
It's getting to be time for me to head back.	差不多该回去了
Ignore Tom and me.	无视汤姆和我
What does it sound like?	那聽起來像什麼
We're conservative.	我们很保守
When will it be convenient for you?	什麼時候對你來說是方便的
Tom was never happy.	湯姆從不高興
News of the recent blast is all over the radio.	收音機廣播充斥著有關最近爆炸的新聞
I lead a busy life.	我有一個忙碌的生活
I must go home.	我该回家了
I like to walk in the country.	我喜歡在鄉間散步
Traffic is a major urban problem.	交通是都市的一個主要問題
Any one of us could do it.	我們之中任何一個都能做到
What are your thoughts on this?	你觉得这个怎么样
English is a means of communication.	英語是一種溝通的手段
Tom probably knows where we can get something to eat around here.	湯姆應該知道這附近哪裡有東西吃
Not everyone who lives here is rich.	並不是每個住在這裡的人都是富有的
Prices depend on supply and demand.	價格取決於供給和需求
My office is on the fifth floor.	我的辦公室在五樓
Some students stayed behind.	一些学生留下了
That bag is mine.	那是我的包
Turn left.	向左转
The moment I held the baby in my arms, it began to cry.	我一把孩子抱在手里
She is a very good teacher.	她是个非常好的老师
What would the world be like without women?	没有女人的话
What would you all like to eat?	你們想吃什麼
Once again.	再一次
That's no big deal.	那没什么大不了的
That's what I thought, too.	我也是這麼想的
That isn't important to me.	那对我不重要
You may use my new car.	你可以使用我的新車
Scientists are working hard to put an end to AIDS.	科学家们正努力终结艾滋病
Sorry, I don't have any change.	不好意思
Are you planning on eating that all by yourself?	你打算自己一人把它全部吃了吗
Do you know why?	您知道为什么吗
She gave away all her dresses.	她把她所有的洋裝都送人
I will go to Hokkaido tomorrow.	我明天要去北海道
Do you know why it's happening?	你知道它为什么会发生吗
We want further information.	我们想要更多信息
How did you know that I was with Tom?	你怎么知道我和汤姆在一起
I prefer working to doing nothing.	我寧願工作也不願閒著
He is studying at his desk.	他正在他的書桌旁讀書
Ask him if he will attend the meeting.	问他会不会来参加会议
I am determined to be a scientist.	我決心要成為一名科學家
I'm translating a book.	我在翻譯一本書
I'd like to have cake for dessert.	我想吃蛋糕當點心
I'm going to the restroom.	我去下洗手间
Two glasses of apple juice, please.	请给我两杯苹果汁
Which bed do you want to use?	你想睡哪張床
I hear that he sold his house.	我聽說他賣掉了房子
Tom admitted that he had killed Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
That day shall come.	这天会到来
He wants to work in a hospital.	他想在醫院工作
She got married at the age of seventeen.	她十七岁结婚
I'm as tired as tired can be.	我累得不能再累了
Please tell me about your problem.	請告訴我你的問題
Don't exaggerate.	不要再夸张了
I got up early enough to catch the first train.	我起了个大早为了赶第一班火车
The bottle fell and broke.	瓶子掉下来摔碎了
This medicine will give you some relief.	这药会让你舒服些
I often use SSH to access my computers remotely.	我经常使用
You should wear a coat.	你應該穿一件大衣
Tom knew Mary would come.	湯姆知道瑪麗會來
Is she a taxi driver?	她是出租车司机吗
I don't doubt it in the least.	我对此毫不怀疑
She cut the apple with a knife.	她用刀子切蘋果
I'm going to America this summer.	我今年夏天要去美國
Nowadays nobody believes in ghosts.	現在沒有人相信有鬼
People can't keep quiet.	人們無法保持沉默
Tom left his umbrella on the bus.	汤姆把他的雨伞忘在了公交车上
Are you good at mathematics?	你数学好吗
What's the worst-case scenario?	最坏的情境是什么
Tom hates the smell of herring.	汤姆讨厌鲱鱼味
This is a very old book.	這是本很舊的書
What does your father do?	你父亲是做什么的
How did Tom talk Mary into babysitting his children?	汤姆是怎么说服玛丽照顾他的小孩的呢
It's very kind of you to help me.	有你幫我真好
This car needs washed.	这辆车需要清洗
Don't ask any questions.	別提問
I am not afraid of dying.	我不怕死
I didn't know that he was there.	我不知道他在那裡
Tom said that it was a diamond.	汤姆说它是钻石
Tom is living with his uncle now.	湯姆現在跟他叔叔住在一起
Her absence went unnoticed until the end of the meeting.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
You should be kind to others.	对其他人你应该和善一点
I was out of town on vacation.	我出城度假了
"Is that Tom calling again?" "Yes. He calls every evening these days. I shouldn't have given him my number."	“	又是汤姆的电话
Can you solve this problem?	你能解決這個問題呢嗎
It's wrong to tell lies.	说谎不好
Those shoes won't do for climbing.	那种鞋子用来登山是不行的
Do you know how to drive this thing?	你知道怎么驾驶这玩意儿吗
What's the title of your new book?	你新書的書名是什麼
Turn it off.	把它关掉
Does Tom still want to go to Australia?	汤姆仍然想去澳大利亚吗
Get in touch with your agent right away.	立刻聯絡你的經紀人
My car isn't brown.	我的车不是棕的
You shouldn't have paid the bill.	你本來不應該付賬的
I can't believe you're giving up.	我不能相信你要放弃
Don't blame Tom for what Mary did.	别为玛丽犯的错责备汤姆
I admit I was careless.	我承认我大意了
Write on every other line.	每隔一行寫
What did you get for Christmas?	你耶誕節得到了什麼
Tom has Mary's address.	汤姆有玛丽的地址
This is just what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
I will give you a bicycle for your birthday.	你生日的时候
Let's not fool ourselves.	我们别再骗自己了
Tom went to Boston three years ago.	汤姆三年前去了波士顿
I think you should leave as soon as you can.	我觉得你应该赶紧走
He's such a sweetheart.	他真是甜心
I'm not afraid to die.	我不怕死
I'll see you in an hour.	我一小时内来见你
There are a lot of eggs in the basket.	篮子里有很多鸡蛋
How do you heat the house?	您怎么让屋子暖起来
The snails are eating our lettuce.	蝸牛在吃我們的生菜
This song makes me homesick.	这首歌让我想家了
I was totally confused.	我完全不懂
It's much better to be woken by the birds than by an alarm.	被闹钟唤醒没有被鸟唤醒的好
That car is quite new.	那辆车十分新
Stir the soup.	搅一下汤
You should have told me a long time ago.	很久以前你就應該告訴我的
Interest rates and inflation were high.	利率和通货膨胀很高
How do we get out of here?	我们该怎么从这里出去
I'm the type who gets nervous in front of people, so I'm bad at speech making.	我是那种面对人群很紧张的人
I got lost in the woods.	我在树林里迷路了
I saw him swim across the river.	我看見他游過了河
He's a comedian.	他是喜剧演员
How much is this T-shirt?	这件衬衫多少钱
Just pull the door shut. It'll lock by itself.	只要推门就好了
They don't talk to us anymore.	他們不再跟我們談了
Which of the composers do you like best?	你最喜欢哪位作曲家
I'd like to meet your older sister.	我想認識你姐姐
I took Highway 58.	我走
If a person has not had a chance to acquire his target language by the time he's an adult, he's unlikely to be able to reach native speaker level in that language.	如果一個人在成人前沒有機會習得目標語言
Let bygones be bygones.	既往不咎
I met your girlfriend.	我見過你的女朋友
I'll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home.	我会安排一下
Can you do that by yourself?	你自己一個人能做嗎
Turn off the light.	關燈
It is inconceivable to me that he would do such a thing.	我不能想象他会做这种事
Tom has no friends to play with.	湯姆沒有朋友可以一起玩耍
Maybe you're right.	也许您有道理
There is a hole in your sock.	你的袜子上有个洞
I didn't know what to do then.	那時我不知道該怎麼辦
He does nothing but read comics.	他什麼都不做只是看漫畫
Have you ever dyed your hair?	你染過頭髮嗎
He witnessed the murder.	他目睹了謀殺案
She put on socks.	她穿上袜子
I can drive a car.	我會開車
We need one more spoon.	缺一把勺子
I'm busy.	我很忙
I can't get away from work now.	我現在在工作無法離開
Are you free in the afternoon?	你下午有空嗎
I can't think of any other way of getting him to accept our proposal.	我看不出有其他方法能让他接受我们的提议
Texas is nearly twice as large as Japan.	得克萨斯州约是日本的两倍大
Please tell me about it.	请告诉我关于它的事情
He is taller than me by a head.	他比我高一个头
Should we add a little more salt?	我们该不该再加点盐
I have to stop procrastinating.	我不能再拖延了
He commanded me to leave the room immediately.	他命令我立刻离开这个房间
Not knowing what to say, he remained silent.	因為不知道該說什麼
The flowers cheered her up.	那些花兒安慰了她
We can't see the other side of the moon.	我們看不到月亮的另一邊
Lunch is on.	午餐送到了
There was no furniture in that room.	那個房間裡沒有家具
It isn't something I'm very good at.	这不是我所擅长的事
Let's skip out before Tom gets back.	咱在汤姆回来之前开溜吧
Tom picked up a pencil.	汤姆拿起铅笔
Some things are better left undone.	有些事不做更好
I don't write letters anymore.	我不再写信了
I dislike eggs.	我不喜欢鸡蛋
He came to my rescue.	他拯救了我
I'm not sure of the exact date.	我不知道確切的日期
He picked flowers for her.	他为她摘了些花
Is this Tom's?	这是汤姆的东西吗
After you have read it, give the book back to me.	在你讀完後
I bought a red sports car.	我買了一輛紅色的跑車
We have a lot of rain in June and July.	六七月份雨很多
I'm very interested in dialects.	我对方言很感兴趣
The book was published in 1689.	这本书出版于
Let's eat sushi.	讓我們吃壽司吧
She's very beautiful.	她非常漂亮
He stayed at his aunt's house.	他住在他舅妈家
Between you and me, what is your opinion of her?	你就只告诉我一个人
I feel sad every now and then.	我不時地覺得難過
What time was it when you entered the building?	你进这幢楼的时候是几点
He mistook me for my mother.	他把我誤認為是我的母親
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.	獲人贈馬
One of the students didn't come today.	其中一个学生今天没来
English is spoken in America.	在美国说英语
He had a shower before breakfast.	他在早餐前洗了个澡
I feel like crying.	我想哭
There is one apple on the desk.	桌上有个苹果
He likes taking care of the garden.	他喜歡照顧花園
It's under the table.	它在桌下
There is a park near my house.	我家附近有一個公園
I am hers and she is mine.	我是她的
Her mother made her a new dress.	她的媽媽給她做一件新衣服
She is always dressed in black.	她總是穿著黑色的衣服
I'd like to do more.	我想做更多
All their secrets have been revealed.	他們所有的秘密都已經被揭曉了
How do you come to that conclusion?	你们怎么得出这个结论的
Tom isn't finished yet.	湯姆還沒完成
He just arrived.	他刚到
I want to talk with your uncle.	我想和你的舅舅谈一谈
What are you doing tonight?	你今晚在做什麼
My sister usually walks to school.	我姊姊通常走路上學
Won't you have some tea with me?	你不和我一起喝点茶吗
He had no luck in finding work.	他不幸找不到工作
Movie making is an exciting job.	電影製作是一個令人興奮的工作
Catch him.	抓住他
She doesn't like people who aren't punctual.	她不喜欢不守时的人
I had a telephone call from her.	我有一通來自她的電話
I'm watching TV.	我在看电视
What a pity!	真是太可惜了
Do you need help?	你需要帮助吗
When will it start?	什么时候开始
She married a musician.	她和一位音乐家结了婚
I'm busy all the time.	我总是有事
These are called shoes.	這些叫鞋子
I don't sing very well.	我唱歌不太好
I want some fresh eggs.	我想要一些新鲜的鸡蛋
We want you to marry Tom.	我们希望你和汤姆能结婚
Every member must attend.	所有的成員都必須參加
Answer my question carefully.	仔细回答我的问题
Do you want fruit juice?	您想要果汁嗎
Tom gritted his teeth.	汤姆咬紧牙关
He is my father.	他是我父親
Tom added broccoli to the stew.	汤姆往炖菜里加了西兰花
New stamps will be issued next month.	新郵票將於下個月發行
Tom glanced away.	汤姆瞥了一眼就移开目光了
I hear he is good at mahjong.	我听说他打麻将很厉害
What do we need to do?	我們必須做甚麼
A fire broke out during the night.	在夜間發生了火災
I wanted to smack you.	我想过扇你一巴掌
You've put on weight, haven't you?	你的體重增加了
The light changed from red to green.	燈由紅變綠
We made good time until we ran into a blizzard.	我们路上一帆风顺
Let's not discuss the matter today.	今天讓我們不要討論這件事
I'd like to introduce you to my parents.	我想介紹你給我父母認識
We will continue the meeting after some light refreshments.	茶点过后我们接着开会
He studied English history.	他学了英国历史
I've already done my homework.	我已經做了我的家庭作業
It has nothing to do with me.	这不关我的事
Is that a stork or a heron?	那是一只鹳还是一只苍鹭
He was sitting there.	他之前坐在这里
He will regret it sooner or later.	他遲早會後悔
Like a good wine, he improves with age.	就像上好的红酒一样
Could you give me a discount?	能不能给我打折
He was playing the piano.	他那時正在彈鋼琴
We're not scared of anybody.	我们谁都不怕
We've received a lot of applications in answer to our advertisements.	我們已經收到了很多回應我們廣告的申請
I often go sailing on weekends.	我經常在週末去航海
Why don't we stop arguing over these piddling matters and get to the issues at hand?	为什么我们不停止纠缠细枝末节而进入正题呢
I don't know anyone who matches that description.	我不认识符合条件的人
I can stay up as late as I want.	我熬夜熬多久都行
He always wears dark glasses.	他总是带着黑色眼镜
I'm not letting Tom do this by himself.	我不会让汤姆独自去做
Tom was confused, too.	汤姆也很混乱
I believe Tom is right.	我相信湯姆是對的
He is driving at top speed.	他全速驾驶着
He's a student at this college.	他是這所大學的學生
I'm afraid that you misunderstood me.	恐怕你误解我了
I have never thought of that.	我從來沒有想到這一點
I think I understand.	我想我懂了
It's a good thing to read good books when you are young.	年轻的时候多看点好书是件好事
She tore the letter into pieces.	她把信成碎片
Where are Tom's things?	汤姆的东西在哪里
We've made mistakes.	我们犯错了
I found it easy to speak English.	我發覺說英語很簡單
We had a slight difference of opinion.	我們的看法有一點不同
One thousand dollars will cover all the expenses for the party.	1000	美元将负担聚会的全部费用
It's bedtime.	睡觉时间到了
This laboratory is equipped with the latest computers.	这个实验室配备了最新的计算机
We generally drink tea after a meal.	我們通常飯後喝茶
Please show me another one.	请给我看看其他的
She hugged him.	她抱了他
My boss made me work last Sunday.	上週日我的老闆要我工作
When did you begin studying English?	你什么时候开始学英语的
Cats hate vacuum cleaners.	猫很讨厌吸尘器
I'm dying for a cold drink.	我迫切需要冷饮
You haven't changed at all.	你一点都没变
The news of his death spread around.	他去世的消息傳遍各地
I've always kept my word.	我一直遵守我的諾言
How many plates do we have?	我們有多少個盤子
Is there a hospital near here?	這附近有醫院嗎
He dipped his spoon into the soup.	他把他的湯匙浸入湯裡
What you're saying doesn't make sense.	你說的話沒有道理
You're the one who quit.	你是退出的那一個
I don't go to school by bus.	我不乘公交去学校
We're going by train.	我们要乘火车去
Could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days?	你能把你的自行车借我两天吗
My stomach hurts.	我肚子疼
My grandmother made me a new dress.	我的祖母做了一套新衣服給我
We must follow the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
I believed that he would keep his promise.	我相信他会信守诺言
Why don't you go see Tom?	你為甚麼不去看湯姆
I can easily touch my toes.	我可以轻而易举地碰到我的脚趾
I love strawberries on Christmas cake.	我喜欢圣诞蛋糕上有草莓
I don't know if I still have it.	我不知道我还有没有
Not every country belongs to the U.N.	不是所有国家都加入了联合国
She pressed the switch.	她按了開關
I didn't want to come here.	我不想來這裡
I expect that he will help us.	我期望他會幫助我們
If you can sing, that's good enough.	如果你会唱歌就好了
We haven't finished eating the watermelon yet.	我們還沒吃完這個西瓜
I want to keep moving.	我想继续走
This ball is that boy's treasure.	这个球是那个男孩的宝贝
Waitress, I'd like to order.	服务生
He is always a little irritable in the morning.	他早上总是有点脾气暴躁
Do you know how to ride a horse?	你会骑马吗
Do you know this song?	你知道這首歌嗎
He works at the welfare office.	他在福利辦事處上班
She said that he was handsome.	她說他很英俊
The book is easy.	这本书很简单
I did nothing during the holidays.	在假期中我無所事事
Please turn off the light before you go to bed.	上床睡觉之前请关灯
I don't eat oranges.	我不吃橙子
She went over the list to see if her name was there.	她走過去看看她的名字是否在清單上
He was standing at the street corner.	他站在街角
A little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast.	散散步將會給你很好的食慾吃早餐
Tell us more.	告訴我們多一點
The grapefruit tastes very sour.	柚子很酸
He lives across the street from us.	他住在我們街對面
She is a wonderful woman.	她是個很棒的女人
I ran as fast as possible.	我跑得尽可能快
I just wanted to prove to myself that I could do this.	我只想向自己证明我可以做到
I often play soccer after school.	我常常在放學後踢足球
These dirty socks stink.	脏袜子散发臭气
I wash my hands before eating lunch.	我在吃午饭前洗手
I'm not a policeman.	我不是一名警察
Tom misses Boston.	汤姆想念波士顿了
I've got to go to the hospital.	我需要去醫院
He has a car.	他有辆车
It'll be finished in a day or two.	一兩天內就能結束
Are these your daughters?	這些人是你的女兒嗎
We can seat you soon.	我们很快就可以安排您入座
Wait just a moment.	就等一會兒
Put your hands up!	把手举起来
That isn't my job.	这不是我的工作
Wine is made from grapes.	葡萄酒是用葡萄做成的
The drug problem is international.	毒品是国际性的问题
I am reading a book now.	我現在正在讀一本書
As soon as I get to London, I'll drop you a line.	我一到伦敦就会给你留言的
I do all the work.	工作都全由我做
He seldom writes to his father.	他很少写信给他父亲
May I open the window?	可以开窗吗
She was dressed in wool.	她穿著羊毛衣
I think this is true.	我想这是真的
Being late is always better than not showing up at all.	迟到总比不到好
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.	明天他会在月球降落
Does Tom play tennis?	湯姆打網球嗎
Does anyone else have any advice?	有人還有什麼建議嗎
How about tomorrow night at nine?	明天晚上九点怎么样
This beach is a paradise for surfers.	这个海滩是冲浪者的天堂
I'm a nice guy.	我是一个好人
His letter makes me uneasy.	他的来信让我不安
We still have a chance.	我們還有次機會
He has recovered from his bad cold.	他从重感冒中恢复了过来
I'd like to join your group.	我想加入你们的团对
The incident made everyone feel more embarrassed.	這件事弄得大家都比較尷尬
Is there a cat on the table?	桌子上有只猫吗
Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's.	德国在
I wonder if he loves me.	我不知道他是否愛我
Apples were served as the dessert.	蘋果被用來當作甜點
You are free to go home.	你隨時可以回家
They drink coke.	他們喝可口可樂
I noticed that Tom was smiling.	我注意到汤姆在笑
You only started this job an hour ago.	你仅仅是一个小时前才开始这份工作的
You can't park here.	这里不能停车
Drop the knife!	把刀放下
This is an old building.	这是幢老楼
My dog slept in the bed with me.	狗跟我一起睡在床上
The boy made his parents happy.	這個男孩讓他的父母高興
Make sure you get plenty of rest.	你務必要好好地休息
I'll be your first patient.	我將是你的第一個病人
My father participated in a cooking contest and came in first.	我爸爸参加了料理竞赛并得了第一名
I'm the one you want.	我就是你要找的人
This diamond is not real.	这颗钻石不是真的
Hey, relax.	嘿
You should be ashamed of your ignorance.	你應該為你的無知感到羞恥
Well, let's go.	好吧
What is it you want to know?	你想知道什麼
One plus two equals three.	一加二等于三
I ate a hasty lunch.	我匆忙的吃了午餐
I played here last week.	我上星期在这里玩
I had lost my pen.	我把我的鋼筆弄丟了
He had hoped to succeed, but he didn't.	他本希望可以成功
He told the truth.	他說了實話
Tom said Mary was sleeping.	汤姆说玛丽在睡觉
What he says is total nonsense.	他说的话根本毫无意义
Please remember what he said.	請記住他說的話
His office is near the train station.	他的辦公室離車站很近
Tom drank heavily.	湯姆喝得很多
I would like to purchase some boots.	我想买些靴子
All the world speaks English.	世界各地都說英語
Have you ever heard of such a thing?	你听说过这样的事吗
I'll bring you the bill immediately.	我马上把帐单拿给您
He visited his uncle yesterday.	昨天他拜訪了他的叔叔
Sweet dreams!	祝你好梦
Throw it away.	扔掉
An aging population will require more spending on health care.	老龄化的人口需要更多医疗保健支出
I can hardly walk.	我幾乎不能走路
Let's pretend we're aliens.	讓我們假裝是外星人
Horses are useful animals.	马是种很有用的动物
Can you tell me where the nearest antique shop is?	你能告诉我最近的古玩店在哪里吗
Tom often doesn't keep his promises.	汤姆经常不守约
The train leaves in ten minutes.	火車十分鐘後離開
I'm still sleepy.	我还很困
I asked her a difficult question.	我問了她一個難題
The boy didn't change his opinion.	這個男孩沒有改變他的意見
He's not very strict about this.	他在这方面不是很严格
She is busy preparing for the trip.	她正忙著準備這次旅行
England is proud of her poets.	英格兰为她的诗人感到自豪
We have only one chance.	我们只有一次机会
He was killed by a single bullet.	他被一顆子彈打死了
Check your dictionary.	查词典
I'll pay you back next week.	我下週去還你錢
He still hasn't answered my letter.	他还没回我的信
No one knows.	谁也不知道
I met him just as he was coming out of school.	正當他從學校回來的時候
He climbed the stairs.	他爬上了樓梯
He is poor at chemistry.	他的化学很差
Please tell me what to do.	請告訴我該怎麼做
Whose fault is that?	是誰的錯呢
Don't mention it.	您不必感谢我
You must always keep your hands clean.	你应该一直让手保持干净
Could you please repeat that?	能不能请你重复一下
She gave me whatever help I needed.	她給了我任何我需要的幫助
I don't think he will come.	我不認為他會來
I wish Tom could've been there.	我希望汤姆能在那里
Let me do that.	让我去做
I've got time.	我有时间
The picture is nice.	这画不错
That is the office where he works.	那是他工作的辦公室
You should have done it earlier. It cannot be helped now.	你本应该早点做的
The house has all the conveniences.	这套房子设施便利齐全
A white dove is on the roof.	屋顶上有只白鸽
He's very good at playing guitar.	他很擅長彈吉他
That boy denies stealing the bicycle.	那个男孩否认偷了自行车
The taller of the two went out first.	他们两个里高的那一个先出来了
Everyone knows that Bell invented the telephone.	任何人都知道贝尔发明了电话
You should come home before six.	六点之前要回家
What a wonderful family.	多美好的家庭啊
He was willing to work for others.	他願意為別人工作
My ear was bleeding this morning.	今天早上我耳朵流血了
Did you bring them?	你把它们带来了么
You like rain, don't you?	你喜欢雨对吧
You are wanted on the phone.	有你的電話
Can you please tell me your name once more?	请问你能再告诉我一遍你的名字吗
I would like fruit juice.	我想要果汁
I'm having some problems compiling this software.	我编译这个程序有些困难
What would you like to eat for dinner?	你想吃什麼作晚餐
He made himself heard across the room.	他讓對面的房間都能聽到他的聲音
Stick another stamp on the envelope.	把另一張郵票貼在信封上
I'm going to change my clothes.	我要去换衣服
What time do you go to work?	您几点钟上班
The telephone is ringing.	電話正在響
Why don't you do it?	你为什么不做
I like playing the piano.	我喜欢弹钢琴
How about another cup of coffee?	要不要再來一杯咖啡
Tom sold his gun to Mary.	汤姆把他的枪卖给了玛丽
You're absolutely right.	你完全正確
You look just like your mother.	你看起來就像你的母親
Tom is quite drunk now.	汤姆现在醉醺醺的了
I'm sure Tom wanted to come along.	我确定汤姆想来
What do the initials NTT stand for?	NTT	這個縮寫是什麼意思
I'm dripping with sweat.	我正流着汗
Don't worry about such a thing.	不要擔心這樣的事情
Turn off the TV.	关闭电视机
This matter is very urgent.	這件事非常緊急
Some people like volleyball, others enjoy tennis.	有些人喜欢排球
Are you happy here?	你在这里高兴吗
Will you all be here tomorrow?	明天你一整天都會在這裡嗎
Could I try this on?	我能試一下這個嗎
These flowers are beautiful, aren't they?	這些花很美
We are going to leave tomorrow.	我們明天要離開
He was laughed at in public.	他在众人面前被嘲笑
We had some chicken soup.	我們喝了些雞湯
Tom let out a big sigh.	汤姆大声叹了口气
I'll phone you every night.	我每晚都給你打電話
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother's love is.	直到我自己有了孩子我才明白了什么是母爱
What do you plan to sell?	你計劃賣甚麼
That's an exception.	那是例外
Tom is a newcomer.	汤姆是新来的
I didn't think this was your seat.	我不認為這是你的座位
We're eating apples.	我們正在吃蘋果
My son believes in Santa Claus.	我兒子相信聖誕老人
Her red dress made her stand out.	她的紅色禮服使她引人注目
Do you not understand basic logic?	你不懂基本逻辑吗
This is a wig.	这是假发
Manholes are round because that way they won't accidentally fall through the hole.	人孔是圓的
Why couldn't you sleep last night?	为什么你昨晚睡不着
I subscribe to two newspapers.	我訂閱了兩份報紙
All sorts of people live in Tokyo.	各种人住在东京
Tom said that Mary likes to drive.	汤姆说玛丽喜欢驾车
I had a feeling this might happen.	我早就有感覺到這可能會發生
Let's pray.	让我们开始祈祷吧
This hotel does not serve lunch.	這家旅館不提供午餐
I don't smoke anymore.	我不會再抽菸了
It's raining.	下雨了
Why didn't you do it?	你為什麼沒做
Try resting for now.	现在休息一下
I want a quart of milk.	我要一夸脫的牛奶
Although I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.	虽然我享受打保龄球
She was susceptible to colds.	她易患感冒
My father is shaving in the bathroom.	我爸爸正在浴室裡刮鬍子
I've always been smart.	我一直聪明
When will you come back to school?	你何時會回學校
You could be right, I suppose.	我猜想你可能是对的
I was in Tokyo yesterday.	我昨天在東京
What do you think about it?	你認為如何
I have problems, just like everybody else.	我有问题
That mountain is easy to climb.	那座山很容易爬
I want to be a journalist.	我想成为记者
I take a bath every other day.	我每兩天洗一次澡
Here is a pan without handles.	这是个没有柄的平锅
Were they serious?	他们是认真的吗
This is the best restaurant I know.	这是我知道的最好的餐馆
This book is full of errors.	這本書充滿了錯誤
That hotel was very near the lake.	這家旅館非常靠近湖
She is dieting.	她在节食
I will go to the meeting.	我将要去参加会议
Tom already knew the truth.	湯姆己經知道了真相
With your approval, I would like to offer him the job.	如果您同意
He moved into my neighborhood.	他搬到了我家附近
Which guitar is yours?	哪个吉他是你的
Don't let the dog come in.	别让狗进来
She might be taller than you.	她可能比你高
Did Tom break something again?	汤姆又弄坏了什么东西吗
You have to leave.	你得走了
My underpants are wet.	我的內褲是濕的
There may be life on the moons of Jupiter.	木星的衛星上可能有生命存在
Tom doesn't seem to be a Canadian.	湯姆看來不是加拿大人
Please let me take your picture.	請讓我為你拍照
She twisted her ankle while she was doing exercise.	她锻炼时扭伤了脚踝
Tom let us know he needs do that.	汤姆让我们知道他需要做
Make it quick.	快点
I have no time to read.	我没时间阅读
She became a true friend of mine.	她成為我的一位真正的朋友
My mother hates writing letters.	我媽媽討厭寫信
But you're not there.	但你不在那裡
Beauty is but skin deep.	美貌只是表面性的东西
I want to talk to you about something.	我想跟你说点事
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.	不入虎穴
Tom ate a slice of pizza.	湯姆吃了一片比薩餅
I was a teacher.	我当过老师
A girl gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.	有个女生用一个橙子跟我换了一块蛋糕
I like reading.	我喜欢阅读
I've been there a couple of times.	我去過那裡幾次
Have you taken your medicine yet?	您已经吃过药了吗
Shortly after the accident, the police came.	事故發生後不久
You're too naive.	你太天真了
She cried her heart out.	她哭得肝腸寸斷
Hey, can you turn the lights off?	喂
I asked him what his name was.	我問了他叫什麼名字
I always eat before going to school.	我总是在上学前先吃饭
I don't want to quit this job.	我不想辞去这份工作
We let him keep the dog.	我們讓他養狗
Another bottle of wine, please.	麻煩再一瓶葡萄酒
Are you closer to your mother or to your father?	你和爸爸更亲还是妈妈更亲
Let's consider the worst that could happen.	考虑一下最坏的情况下会发生什么
Will you pass me the salt?	請你把鹽遞給我好嗎
Is there anything that needs to be done?	有甚麼事要做嗎
I'll send a message to Tom.	我会给汤姆发信息
Keep it quiet.	保持安静
Who's at fault?	是誰的錯呢
They talked about love.	他們談論了愛情
Do you love me?	你爱我吗
Give me the spoon.	把勺子给我
What's this supposed to mean?	這該是甚麼意思
Tom certainly has a tough job.	汤姆确实有个麻烦的工作
He meets his girlfriend on Saturdays.	他每週六和他的女朋友見面
I shave every morning.	我每天早上刮鬍子
Is there any chance that he'll recover?	他有任何復原的機會嗎
Tom is wearing the same clothes he was wearing yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
Can you swim underwater?	你能潜水吗
She introduced me to her father.	她把我介紹給她父親
Not a star was to be seen.	沒看到任何一顆星星
A true scientist would not think like that.	一个正确的科学家不会那样想
He has access to the American Embassy.	他有权出入美国大使馆
Tom isn't going to be happy.	汤姆不会高兴
This flower gives off a strong fragrance.	这朵花散发出强烈的香味
Put your glasses on.	把眼鏡戴上
I've never been so proud of you.	我从没这么以你为豪
Are you referring to me?	你在说我吗
Do you think animals have souls?	你认为动物有灵魂吗
He brought me to the bus stop.	他帶我到車站
How often do you see him?	您多久见他一次
He can swim very fast.	他能游得很快
Tom cleared his throat and continued to speak.	汤姆咳嗽了一下然后接着讲
I understand.	我懂
Tom gave Mary that nickname.	汤姆给玛丽起的外号
I'm very methodical.	我很有条理
He advertised his house for sale.	他登廣告出售他的房子
I ate apples.	我吃了蘋果
I'd like to see your father.	我想去看你的父親
No one supported his motion.	沒人支持他的動議
"Thank you for your help." "It's my pleasure."	“	谢谢你的帮助
I play tennis once in a while.	我偶爾打網球
How long do you plan to stay?	你准备待多久
The worst is already over.	最壞的已經過去了
That's really a great idea.	真是个好主意
I was surprised to see a lion.	我很驚訝竟然看到了獅子
I cannot put up with his arrogance.	我受不了他的傲慢
Can I speak to the head nurse?	我能跟護士長說話嗎
Put on some clothes.	穿上點衣服
There was no money for rebuilding.	沒有重建的錢
I can't do any better.	我做得好到不能再好了
Tom died in a traffic accident.	湯姆死於交通事故
She slapped his face.	她摑了他的臉
He hit his head against a rock.	他的頭撞到了一塊岩石
He's bound to notice your mistake.	他必定會覺察到你的錯誤
English has become my favorite subject.	英语变成了我最喜欢的学科
If you eat that much, you'll have a stomachache.	那么吃的话
I think I'm right.	我想我是對的
You don't have any more time.	你沒有時間了
There was an earthquake this morning.	今天早上發生了地震
I have no way of knowing that.	我无从得知
Do you have an extra key?	你有多余的钥匙吗
She must still be in her twenties.	她一定還只是二十幾歲
She drew out the money from the bank.	她从银行取了钱
He likes neither baseball nor football.	他既不喜欢棒球
Call me if you need anything.	需要什么就给我打电话
How can I get to the police station?	我怎么去警察局
My mother is quite angry.	我母亲十分生气
I can't stand this pain any more.	我不能再忍受這種痛苦了
You have plenty of time.	你有足够的时间
I saw a cottage in the distance.	我看见远处有一间小屋
It is raining hard.	雨下得很大
Hurry up! I can't wait any longer.	快點
How old do you think Tom is?	你觉得汤姆有多大
I have just come back from school.	我刚从学校回来
What are you laughing at?	你笑什么呢
What are you crying for?	你為什麼哭
The cat is looking at the fish.	猫看着鱼
He is a famous composer.	他是一位著名的作曲家
Please fill this bottle with water.	請把這個瓶子裝滿水
Where's the nearest drugstore?	最近的藥店在哪裡
Whose is this car?	這台汽車是誰的
Why did you open the box?	你為什麼打開這個盒子
I've done my best.	我已经尽力了
You must put an end to this foolish behavior.	你该结束这种愚蠢的行为了
Soldiers must carry out their orders.	軍人必須履行他們的命令
As long as we love each other, we'll be all right.	只要我們彼此相愛
We made every effort to help him.	我們盡了一切努力來幫助他
He hid himself behind the door.	他把自己藏在門後面
Diplomats are allowed various privileges.	外交官有多种特权
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day.	情况一天比一天差
I need to give you an injection.	我得给你打一针
Are you for real?	你是认真的吗
How many friends do you have?	你有多少朋友
Tom is in the living room, sleeping on the couch.	汤姆在客厅
I got it for next to nothing.	我簡直不用花錢就買到了
He's already a man.	他已经是个男人了
If time permits, I'll visit the museum.	如果時間允許
Do you happen to know his name?	你說不定知道他的名字
Tom said that Mary should do that now.	汤姆说玛丽应该现在行动
I'd like to leave this town and never come back.	我希望離開這個村子並且再也不要回來
I don't eat bread.	我不吃面包
I'm getting old.	我在变老
I think we've found what we were looking for.	我認為我們找到要找的東西了
He carried a bag full of apples.	他拿着一个装满了苹果的袋子
You can do whatever you want to.	你可以做任何你想做的事
Whose car is this?	這是誰的車
I'll do what I can to help you.	我會盡力幫你
He pretended that he was a lawyer.	他假裝是一位律師
She lost her way and on top of that it began to rain.	她迷路了
Japan has caught up with America in some fields.	日本在某些领域赶上了美国
I bought a good camera.	我買了一台不錯的照相機
I'm sorry I didn't reply to you sooner.	抱歉
I need it as quickly as possible.	我尽快需要
After she had read the letter, she tore it to pieces.	看了信之後
Let's begin with this problem.	从这个问题开始吧
I'm the last one who saw Tom.	我是最后一个见过汤姆的人
What's done is done.	事已至此
I've finished watering the flowers.	我已經澆完花了
How long does it take to get to the station?	去火车站要多久
There is a school near my house.	我家附近有一所學校
Your problem is similar to mine.	你的问题类似于我的
Do you know me?	你认识我吗
I'll only buy the car if they fix the brakes first.	除非他们事先修好刹车
Keep the dog out.	别让狗进来
When the cat's away, the mice will play.	山上无老虎
He drank a cup of coffee.	他喝了一杯咖啡
None of this is your money.	這些都不是你的錢
Tom took out his wallet and paid the bill.	湯姆拿出錢包付了賬
I think skateboards are usually cheaper than rollerblades.	我觉得一般滑板比轮滑鞋便宜
I'd like to pay the check, please.	我想付帳
I have lost my key.	我钥匙丢了
Unbelievable!	難以置信
We'll know the truth before long.	我們不久將知道真相
Tom got out of the jeep.	汤姆从吉普车上下来了
Tom can't afford that.	汤姆负担不起
He got into this school in September last year.	他去年九月进了这所学校
This factory produces 500 automobiles a day.	这家工厂每天生产
Today's friends are tomorrow's enemies.	今日的朋友是明日的敌人
He finally decided to get married.	他最终决定结婚
I really look forward to your visit in the near future.	我很期待在不久的將來您的光臨
Will six o'clock suit you?	六點鐘你方便嗎
Hang in there.	坚持
It is necessary for you to go there immediately.	你必需马上去那儿
To my surprise, he was good at singing.	让我出乎意料的是
Can you hurry up a bit?	快一点好吗
Close the door on your way out.	出去的时候把门关上
That's life.	這就是生活
This book says that elephants live to be over 100 years old.	这本书上写
We invited him to our house.	我們邀請了他到我們家
Go home quickly.	赶快回家
I don't feel like taking a walk this morning.	我今天早上不想散步
Could you help us after school?	你能在放學後幫助我們嗎
I don't mind if you go to bed before I get home.	我不介意你在我回到家之前先去睡觉
You're still young.	你还年轻
Can Tom come tomorrow?	汤姆明天能来吗
You look really nervous.	你看起来真的很紧张
Don't get off the train till it stops.	列车停下前别下车
Call an ambulance.	叫救护车
I thought that he would come.	我以为他会来的
I'm very uncomfortable around children.	我被小孩围着非常不舒服
I don't think she cares very much.	我不认为她很在意
Lincoln died in 1865.	林肯於
We bought some vegetables and fish at the market.	我们在市场上买了些蔬菜和鱼
Her nose is bleeding.	她在流鼻血
Feel free to stay.	歡迎留下來
She put clean sheets on the bed.	她把乾淨的床單鋪在床上
The picture is hanging on the wall.	畫掛在牆上
Restart your computer.	重新启动你的电脑
I'd like you to come back next week.	我想讓你下周回來
He caught hold of the rope.	他抓住了绳子
Tom pretended that he was a doctor.	汤姆假装他是一名医生
Could I get some tea?	可以给我一些茶水吗
We have to turn in our reports by the end of this month.	这个月底前
It was a bag that I lost in the room yesterday.	那是我昨天落在房間裡的包
We promised to stand by him in case of trouble.	我們承諾萬一他有麻煩的時候支持他
We moved to New York last fall.	我們去年秋天搬到了紐約
Can you wait about an hour?	能麻烦您等一个小时左右吗
Please put the book on the shelf.	請把書放在架子上
When did Tom ask you to do that?	湯姆是甚麼時候讓你去做的
Tom won't be coming.	汤姆不会来了
Ten years is a long time.	十年是很長的時間
Help yourself to whatever you like.	你想吃什麼就吃什麼
We got to be friends.	我们交了朋友
Let me have a look at it.	讓我看看它
I have a proposal.	我有個提案
A woman visited us while you were sleeping.	你睡觉的时候
Tom paid me back the money that he owed me.	汤姆把欠我的钱还给我了
Not all of the passengers escaped injury.	並非所有的乘客都免於受傷
What's this?	這是什麼啊
He proved to be an ideal husband.	他被证实是个理想丈夫
Tom told me that he'd give me that book if I wanted it.	汤姆说过
I just got up.	我刚才起床了
He objected to his wife working outside.	他反对妻子在外工作
This is not very stylish.	這不是很流行
He sent a card to Mary.	他送了一張卡片給瑪麗
The hawk caught a mouse.	這隻鷹抓到一隻老鼠
The sky was clear when I left home.	当我离开家的时候天空很明朗
Did Tom ever tell you how he first met Mary?	湯姆告訴你他初次見瑪麗的事了嗎
This book is very interesting.	這本書很有趣
I heard the telephone ringing.	我听到电话响了
I'm not a good swimmer.	我不擅长游泳
I will pick you up around six.	我會在六點鐘左右接你
The horse stopped and wouldn't move.	這匹馬停下來不動了
That job is pretty much finished.	那個工作幾乎被完成了
The days are getting longer and longer.	白天越來越長了
Please keep this secret.	請保守這個秘密
That man grabbed the young girl's wrist.	那個男人抓住了這個年輕女孩的手腕
His scores are always better than mine, even though he doesn't study very much.	他的分数总比我高
Tom was with a bunch of strangers.	汤姆和一堆陌生人在一起
How was the meeting yesterday?	昨天的会议怎么样
We're eating bread.	我们在吃面包
Her eyes shone with joy when she saw that her mother was not mad at her.	當她看到媽媽沒在生她的氣
Which book are you reading?	你在读哪本书
He admonished them for being noisy.	他告誡他們不要吵鬧
Have you given Tom everything?	你全都给汤姆了吗
There isn't any solution.	无解
I still love her.	我仍然爱着她
There was a steady increase in population.	人口穩定地增加
I'm going to major in French.	我將主修法文
He is used to making speeches.	他習慣於作演說
I let my sister use my new computer.	我让我妹妹用我的新电脑
I have a frog in my throat.	我緊張得說不出話來了
A football team consists of eleven players.	一个足球队由十一个球员组成
That isn't right.	不对
He is mad about music.	他痴迷于音乐
In life there are ups and downs.	生活中有高低起伏
I bought two pairs of trousers.	我买了两条裤子
His office is on the eighth floor.	他的辦公室在八樓
They decided to build a bridge.	他們決定建一座橋
She's a frequent visitor to this country.	她经常来这个国家
They may have missed the train.	他們可能錯過了火車
Do you have a steady boyfriend?	你有一个固定的男朋友吗
I don't wash my hair in the morning.	我早上不洗头
How much are you paying Tom?	你给汤姆多少钱
God created the heaven and the earth.	上帝創造了天地
They called off their engagement.	他們解除了婚約
Tom took the hammer away from Mary.	汤姆从玛丽那里拿走了锤子
I wanted to ask Tom how long he had lived in India.	我想问汤姆他在印度生活了多久
We reached the top of the mountain.	我們到達了山頂
Get yourself something to eat from the fridge.	你去冰箱拿點東西吃吧
Try to make the most of your time.	尽量试着用好你的时间
Have you ever gotten food poisoning?	您曾經食物中毒過嗎
I am accustomed to working hard.	我习惯辛勤努力地工作
We're going to set up shelters.	我们要建立避难所
His house is not far from here.	他家離這兒不遠
We have nothing in common.	我們沒有任何共同之處
Tom is very talented.	汤姆多才多艺
It is hardly worth discussing.	這幾乎不值得討論
Tom was tired.	湯姆累了
He was in good spirits.	他精神很好
My wife buys vegetables from a supermarket nearby.	我老婆在附近的超市买蔬菜
Nobody can help me.	没有人能帮我
I've got something you've got to see.	我有个东西您该看看
She translated it word for word.	她逐字地翻譯它
Who's the boy that's swimming over there?	在那邊游泳的男孩是誰
I've got to go to the bank.	我要去银行了
I've never been to my uncle's house.	我没去过我叔叔的房子
I don't quite understand what he says.	我不太明白他说什么
Get out of my house.	滚出我的房子
He told me to do it, so I did it.	他让我做
You're not fast enough.	你不够快
We should always try to help others.	我們應該盡力幫助他人
No more, thank you. I'm full.	不
Do you have a knife?	你有刀吗
I always keep a dictionary close at hand.	我总是在离手不远的地方放一本字典
I invited my friends.	我邀请了我的朋友
It's obvious.	很明顯
Tom says he has a plan.	汤姆说他有个计划
I'm glad the thief was caught.	抓到小偷真是太好了
Life is like a box of chocolates.	生活就像一盒巧克力
He asked me why I was laughing.	他問我為什麼在笑
My mother made us cheese sandwiches for lunch.	媽媽為我們做了乳酪三明治當午餐
AI means Artificial Intelligence.	AI	是人工智能的略称
Tom finally gave up smoking.	汤姆终于戒烟了
Who's that guy?	那家伙是谁
Tom played with his dog.	汤姆和他的狗玩
Show me a cheaper one, please.	請給我看看便宜一點的
These lemons are fresh.	这些柠檬很新鲜
Hand me the remote.	把遥控器递给我
What do you usually do after dinner?	你通常晚飯後做什麼
It's for you to decide.	這由你來決定
Safety is the most important thing.	安全是最重要的事情
Everybody knew that Tom could speak French well.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
Mary wore a white miniskirt.	瑪麗穿著一條白色的迷你裙
My nose is itchy.	我的鼻子好癢
Tom and Mary were smiling.	汤姆和玛丽正微笑着
It's a little cold today.	今天有点冷
It doesn't really matter.	那不真的重要
Don't forget that Tom is allergic to peanuts.	不要忘记汤姆对花生过敏
Nobody can avoid death.	没人能逃避死亡
He hid in the bushes so that they would not see him.	他藏身在灌木中以免他們發現
We gave blood to help the child.	我們捐血來幫助這個孩子
I remember seeing her somewhere.	我記得在哪兒見過她
He took poison by mistake.	他误服了毒药
There's a telephone in my room.	我的房間裡有一支電話
The game will probably be canceled.	這場比賽可能將被取消
I feel like my head is going to explode.	我感覚我的頭要炸了
I can do it in a week.	我可以在一週內做
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so the bullet didn't kill him.	湯姆穿著一件防彈衣
Tom wants me to stay away from him.	Tom	要我離他遠一點
Could you repeat that, please?	能不能请你重复一下
The arrow indicates the way to go.	箭头表示行进方向
He is very influential in the world of medicine.	他在医学界有很大的影响力
Thank you in advance for your cooperation.	提前感謝你們的合作
Mary has just come home.	瑪麗剛剛回家
I've lost my pen.	我把我的鋼筆弄丟了
The vote is unanimous.	选举一致通过了
Research on the causes of cancer is very expensive.	有關癌症成因的研究耗費頗巨
Stop complaining.	别再埋怨了
My father's going to kill me.	我爸会杀了我的
We take health for granted until illness intervenes.	我們視健康為理所當然
He looks kind of pale.	他有点苍白
The fight is over.	斗争结束了
The pastor is in the church.	牧师在教堂里
It's very hot here in the summer.	这里夏天非常炎热
He is a mathematical genius.	他是一個數學天才
I live in an apartment in the city.	我住在城市中的一間公寓裡
I saw you kissing Tom.	我看到了你在吻汤姆了
Tom runs very fast.	湯姆跑得快
Mary doesn't wear as much makeup as Alice.	玛丽没有化爱丽丝那样浓的妆
Thank you.	谢谢
His house isn't far from this store.	他家离这间商店不远
They have English lessons three times a week.	他们一周上
The older we become, the worse our memory gets.	我们越老
Tom thanked Mary for coming.	汤姆感谢玛丽的光临
Your friendship means a lot to me.	你的友誼對我來說意義重大
Please speak more clearly.	请说得更清楚些
I'm tired of translating.	我厭倦了翻譯
Wouldn't you like to eat?	你不想吃饭吗
She walked slowly so she wouldn't slip.	她慢慢地走
Could you pass me the mashed potatoes?	你能给我土豆泥吗
The river that flows through London is the Thames.	流经伦敦的河是泰晤士河
We live in the suburbs.	我们住在郊区
Why don't I call you?	我为什么不给你打电话
You don't have to be so formal.	你没必要那么正式
This isn't true love.	這不是真實的愛情
This rug is handmade.	这块地毯是手工制作的
She warned him not to go out at night alone.	她警告他晚上不要一个人出去
He's much younger than Tom.	他比
The prince succeeded to the throne.	王子继承了王位
I was a student at that time.	我当时是学生
He played the part of Hamlet.	他扮演哈姆雷特的角色
I know the boy standing over there.	我知道站在那裡的那個男孩
No one is working. Everyone's watching the World Cup.	谁也不工作
Large houses are not necessarily comfortable to live in.	大房子不一定适合住
There is a good chance that gasoline prices will go up.	油价上涨的可能性很高
Who's that man?	那男人是谁
I can do it without your help.	沒有你的幫忙我也能做
Don't hate me.	不要恨我
I'll be able to assist you.	我能協助你
Mary didn't recognize her ex-husband.	玛丽没有认出她的前夫
We know this.	我们知道
He said that if he knew her address, he would write to her.	他说如果他知道她的地址
I'd like to speak with you in private.	我想跟你私下说话
He slipped me a note.	他悄悄地递给我一张纸条
These people hate all foreigners.	这些人讨厌所有的外国人
That pool really looks inviting.	那座泳池看來的確很吸引人
There you go again.	你又来了
The days are getting longer and longer.	白天变得越来越长
How did you get Tom to tell you that?	你怎么让汤姆告诉你的
It's unlikely that he did anything wrong.	他看來沒有做錯甚麼
Mt. Fuji as seen from Suruga Bay is beautiful.	從駿河灣看
I'm willing to help him.	我願意幫他
Beethoven went over to the piano, sat down and began to play.	贝多芬走向钢琴
I get what you're saying.	我理解你说的话
What does this key unlock?	这钥匙能打开什么
It is easy to answer the question.	这个问题很容易回答
Would you please wait for a few minutes?	能不能请你等几分钟
That's not your problem.	不是你的問題
The children are afraid of Tom.	孩子們怕湯姆
Don't be so pessimistic.	不要感觉那么悲观
Say it clearly.	說清楚
What a beautiful flower!	多漂亮的花啊
My boss is keeping me pretty busy.	我的老板总让我很忙
Tom has made up his mind to go to Boston to study.	湯姆已經下定決心要去波士頓唸書
It exploded with a loud noise.	它發出巨響爆炸了
I bought a hat at the store.	我在這家商店買了一頂帽子
I have ten pens more than you do.	我比你多
It will cost around 10,000 yen.	這將花費約
I learned a lot from his books.	我從他的書學到了很多
Why were you so scared?	你为什么这么害怕
You have a very nice family.	你有个温馨的家庭
I know very little about Tom.	我对汤姆知道得很少
A detective arrived upon the scene of the crime.	一名警探到达了犯罪现场
Is it too late?	来迟了吗
It's time to go.	該走了
There's a bank in front of the station.	车站前有个银行
I dove into the river.	我跳进了河里
Thank you for inviting me to the party.	感谢你请我来参加派对
She doesn't care how she dresses.	她不在乎她的穿著
Children don't like to go out in the dark.	孩子們不喜歡摸黑外出
I hate wine.	我讨厌酒
The prisoner was released.	囚犯重獲自由
I went to sleep about 10 o'clock.	我在
We're just about finished here.	我們快要結束了
Everyone knows that I don't like Tom.	每個人都知道我不喜歡湯姆
Why did he do such a thing?	为什么他会做这样的事呢
She was afraid to travel alone.	她怕獨自旅行
The dog saved the girl's life.	這隻狗救了這個小女孩的命
Please give me a glass of milk.	請給我一杯牛奶
My uncle's company launched a new product last month.	舅舅的公司上个月推出了一款新产品
I've already visited Australia.	我已经游览过澳大利亚了
You'll get used to living here in no time.	你很快就会习惯住在这里
She makes me happy.	她让我幸福
Tom has won.	汤姆胜利了
He accomplished his mission.	他完成了他的使命
I won't let him come here again.	我不會再讓他來這裡
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?	你看過這麼美的夕陽嗎
I'm twelve.	我十二岁了
It seems interesting to me.	在我看来很有意思
We can't go outside because it's raining.	因为下雨
I think it's OK.	我想沒關係
Tom is a man of few wants.	汤姆是个寡欲的人
Why are you still at school?	你为什么还在学校
We had a heavy frost this morning.	今天早上下厚霜了
She answered in tears.	她很傷心地回答
The baby was sleeping soundly in his mother's arms.	孩子在母亲的怀中熟睡
Could you call me back later?	你等一会然后再给我打电话
Doctors refused to perform a second operation.	医生们拒绝做第二次手术
I will give you the money tomorrow.	我明天會付錢給你
Thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night.	谢谢那天晚上请我吃了饭
I can sing and dance.	我会唱歌跳舞
Compass needles point to the north.	指南针的指针指向北边
It'll be cloudy.	天要变多云了
It's really hot here in the summer.	这里夏天非常热
I enjoyed driving on the new highway.	我很喜歡在新的高速公路上開車
Our wallets were stolen.	我們的錢包被偷了
Answer the phone.	接电话
She was about to leave the house.	她正要离开家
People may not remember that.	人们可能不记得那件事了
His story was interesting.	他的故事很有意思
I don't care what happens.	我不在乎發生什麼事
Tom said he didn't like air conditioning.	湯姆說他不喜歡空調
Tom heard a shout.	汤姆听到了一声喊叫
She feels at ease in their home.	她在他们家里感觉很放松
Are you aware of how much she loves you?	你知道她有多麼愛你嗎
It'll cost around ten thousand yen.	它將花費大約
He stayed there a couple of days.	他在那裡待了幾天
We'll deal with this problem in Chapter 3.	我们在第三章讨论这个问题
I'm as hungry as a horse.	我饿得跟饿虎扑羊似的
Are both Tom and Mary Canadians?	湯姆和瑪麗都是加拿大人嗎
Tom sneaked up behind Mary.	汤姆鬼鬼祟祟地遛近了玛丽身后
He had no qualms in doing so.	他这么做
What do you have planned for next weekend?	你下个周末有什么安排
We have three children.	我們有三個孩子
Do you have a fountain pen?	你有鋼筆嗎
Are you good at calligraphy?	你擅长书法吗
You've been had.	您被骗了
What happened that night?	这个晚上发生了什么
I'm grateful for that.	我为那件事很感激
I need your advice on what I should do next.	我需要你指導我接下來該做甚麼
I'll attend.	我會參加
I am a bachelor.	我單身
I think your work is all right.	我觉得你的工作可以
I remember seeing him.	我记得见过他
My dog often lies on the grass.	我家的狗經常躺在草地上
He loves fishing.	他酷爱钓鱼
The old man sat down.	老人坐了下来
When did that happen?	这事是什么时候发生的
We don't get many visitors here.	我们这里没有很多访客
He took care of the business after his father's death.	在他父亲死后
I'm not afraid of dying.	我不怕死
What do you make of his attitude towards us these days?	你做了什麼讓他這些日子用這種態度對待我們
I think that's awful.	我看那糟透了
You'd better hurry.	你最好快点
See you tonight.	今晚見
He carved a Buddha statue from wood.	他用一块木头刻出一尊佛像
The tiger cub looked like a large kitten.	小老虎看起來像隻大貓
She was feeling kind of tired.	她覺得有點累了
Congratulations!	祝贺
Can I borrow your digital camera tonight?	我今晚能借你的数码相机吗
It is difficult to satisfy everyone.	众口难调
Can you freeze it?	你能冷冻它吗
I want another beer.	我想再来一杯啤酒
Give me a dozen oranges.	給我一打橘子
I'm wounded.	我受伤了
You don't need to worry about such a thing.	你不必擔心這樣的事情
He's shorter than Tom.	他比湯姆矮
It's really awesome.	太棒了
We just need a plan.	我們只是需要個計畫
How much money do you want?	你要多少钱
What's the average height of the players?	选手们的平均身高是多少
I don't think he'll come.	我不認為他會來的
How awful!	太可怕了
Anybody can make a mistake.	谁都会犯错
We sometimes make mistakes.	有时我们会犯错
The date of the festival coincides with that of the exam.	节日和考试碰巧在同一天
She speaks Chinese.	她讲中文
Even his servants despised him.	連他的僕人都鄙視他
This fish isn't fit to eat.	这条鱼不能吃了
It's too bad that you couldn't come.	你不能來真是太糟糕了
This tape recorder is not new.	这个磁带录音机不是新的
Tom didn't talk to Mary.	汤姆没跟玛丽说话
How is the weather?	天氣怎樣
I chose this topic because I think that it's interesting.	我選這個主題是因為我覺得它很有意思
I overslept.	我睡過頭了
I want some orange juice.	我想要一點柳橙汁
I play the guitar after school.	我放學後彈吉他
It won't take very long.	不會花很多時間的
Which of these rackets is yours?	這些球拍中哪一支是你的
Tom worries about making mistakes at work.	湯姆擔心工作出錯
I saw the sunrise.	我看了日出
I wrote it myself.	我自己写了它
Do you subscribe to any magazines?	你有訂閱任何雜誌嗎
Tom began to talk.	汤姆开始说话
My car isn't red. It's blue.	我的汽車不是紅色的
I'll give you anything that you want.	我會給你任何你想要東西
It has nothing to do with you.	和你无关
Try some.	试试吧
When I was a child, I used to swim in that pond.	当我还是个孩子的时候
This isn't a good idea.	這不是好主意
This isn't new.	这不是新的
You must do it yourself.	你应该自己做
Tom is still upset.	湯姆還是不安
Ask him where he parked his car.	问他把他自己的车停在哪里了
Write down the medications you need on this piece of paper.	将你需要的药物写在这张纸上
I'd like to buy a house.	我想买套房子
We must keep up the family traditions.	我们必须保持家庭传统
There was complete silence.	一片寂静无声
He pushed the emergency button.	他按下了緊急按鈕
Actually, I was wrong.	实际上我错了
Wash your feet.	洗你的脚
You shouldn't have come alone.	你不該一個人來
How much is your monthly gas bill?	你每個月的瓦斯費多少錢
She works very hard.	她很努力工作
I don't think that anyone was satisfied.	我不认为这件事让每个人都满意了
Tom went home alone.	汤姆一个人回家了
I was asked to show my passport at the border.	在邊境上
What's Tom doing?	汤姆在做什么
Tom is crying, too.	湯姆也在哭
We went down a river by canoe.	我們乘著獨木舟向河的下游而行
Burn this letter after you finish reading it.	看完这封信请把它烧掉
They both cried after hearing the tragic news.	聽到這件悲劇
The boy remained silent.	男孩依旧沉默不语
Tom thought Mary would like doing that.	汤姆以为玛丽会喜欢那么做
I have to get to sleep! I've got classes tomorrow.	我必须去睡觉了
He turned down my offer.	他拒絕了我的提議
What's your native language?	你的母语是什么
What just happened?	刚刚发生了什么
All those things are true.	那些事都是真的
A fire broke out at the inn where they were staying.	火警發生在他們住的旅館
Please show me your bag.	請讓我看看你的袋子
He is doing very well at school.	他在學校的表現很好
The Rhine runs between France and Germany.	萊茵河流經法國和德國國界
Jazz fusion is a combination of rock and jazz.	融合爵士是搖滾樂與爵士樂的融合
My premonition turned out to be right.	我的预感被证明是正确的
I contacted my parents.	我跟父母联络了一下
Let's go to the beach.	讓我們去海邊吧
I have nowhere to go now.	我现在无处可去
Tom said that he didn't like his new job.	汤姆说他不喜欢他的新工作
People can't live without air.	没有空气
Tom is now a software engineer.	湯姆現在是軟體工程師
This table is made of wood.	这张桌子是木制的
He's a biologist.	他是一个生物学家
You're very alert.	你真是警惕
I really can't figure out why.	我真的搞不懂为什么
I'm not sure what's going on.	我不清楚發生了甚麼
I'll be very happy if I can serve you.	能为你服务我会感到非常高兴
I remember hearing that music somewhere.	我记得在哪儿听到过那首音乐
She always gets lost.	她总是迷路
Mom is preparing a meal in the kitchen.	媽媽正在廚房裡做飯
Somebody's got to do something.	得有人做点什么
Tom couldn't get to sleep till after three last night.	汤姆昨晚三点多才睡着
It's very cold.	非常冷
The phone is ringing.	電話正在響
Tom asked a few questions.	湯姆問了幾個問題
Do you know how to drive a car?	您会开车吗
The bird was covered with white feathers.	鸟儿身上铺满了白色的羽毛
He died without having made a will.	他没立遗嘱就死了
Tom doesn't think so.	汤姆可不这么认为
Looks like today will be a long day.	看来今天会是漫长的一天啊
He dreamed of being a hero.	他梦想着成为一名英雄
The train arrived on time.	火车准时到了
I'm certain that Tom is the only one who won't do that.	我确信汤姆是唯一不会那么做的人
I'm short of cash at the moment.	此刻我缺少現金
Tom watched Mary draw a picture.	汤姆看玛丽画一幅画
I paid the bill.	我买了单
Let me buy you another one.	我给你再买一个吧
Will you use this?	你要用這東西嗎
What are you doing?	你做什麼
My hobby is playing the piano.	我的嗜好就是彈鋼琴
Fluency in English is a very marketable skill today.	流利的英語在今天是一種十分搶手的技能
Please join us.	請加入我們
After I talked with my teacher, I decided to work hard.	跟我的老師談過後
He used to meditate in the morning.	他過去時常在早上的時候冥想
How much time has passed?	過了多長時間
I can't work for this company anymore.	我没法再在这家公司里面工作了
I know you don't want to talk to me.	我知道你不想跟我说话
We found the front door locked.	我們發現前門被鎖上了
We're people.	我们是人
How many foreign languages can you speak?	他会几种外语
I have the right to speak, too.	我也有权讲话
The first attack missed the target.	第一次攻击错过了目标
Mother stays at home every day.	媽媽每天待在家裡
We immediately became friends.	我們馬上成為了朋友
You and Tom must be happy.	你和湯姆一定很高興
Tom passed away October 20, 2013.	汤姆逝世于
I don't have any money with me.	我身上没有钱
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.	我要说的只能是你知我知
Tom never saw her again.	湯姆沒再見過她
He ordered a cup of tea.	他點了一杯茶
This time it's different.	这一次不一样
I just wasn't paying attention.	我只是没注意
Can you walk?	你們能走嗎
The doctor insisted that the patient get plenty of rest.	医生坚持病人获得充分的休息
Tom found new evidence.	汤姆发现了新的证据
Can you get up?	你能起床嗎
I know what you mean.	我知道你的意思
You're a good leader.	你是個好的領導人
Excuse me, how much is this sweater?	请问下
We have to find out where Tom is.	我们必须查明汤姆在哪里
I'm scared of dentists.	我怕牙醫
I always take a bath before going to bed.	我睡觉前总要洗个澡
Didn't you lock up your car?	你没有把你的车上锁吗
Do you want to eat out tonight?	你今晚想出去吃嗎
Tom quit.	汤姆不干了
If I am busy then I may arrive late.	要是我很忙
Do you really want it?	你真的想要嗎
I am in touch with him.	我與他聯繫
Tom told me he'd give me that book if I wanted it.	汤姆说过
The road is parallel to the river.	這條路與河流平行
Salmon lay their eggs in fresh water.	三文魚在淡水中產卵
Have you ever seen Mt. Fuji? It is beautiful beyond description.	你看過富士山嗎
Tom couldn't remember what he had done.	汤姆不记得他干过的事
You may go anywhere.	你可以随便去哪儿
Tom was the only one who was punished.	湯姆是唯一受罰的人
You have cute eyes.	你有一双很可爱的眼睛
Two men are checking on what's wrong with the car.	两个男人在检查汽车出了什么故障
She was killed in an automobile accident.	她死於一場汽車車禍
He married a stewardess.	他娶了一个空姐
He has powerful arms.	他的手臂很有力
Which is your book?	哪本是你們的書
We've got to get you out of here.	我們必須把你带走
This smells like cheese.	这有一股芝士的味道
Tom is unsatisfied with the result.	汤姆对结果不满
The world is full of fools.	世界上都是白痴
I need to get a stamp.	我需要一張郵票
It's raining hard.	雨下得很大
Don't bother.	不用麻烦了
The problem isn't Tom.	問題不是湯姆
I hope this is the right one.	我希望這是對的
I need evidence.	我需要證據
Could you open the door, please?	您能开一下门吗
That red car hit the blue van.	那輛紅色汽車撞到了藍色麵包車
I spent no more than three dollars.	我只花了三美元
Tom is always absent.	汤姆总是旷课
How about having dinner together?	一起吃晚餐怎麼樣
Hang that picture on the wall.	把那幅画挂到墙上
That will put you in danger.	那將會使你處於危險
We ran in the park.	我们在公园里跑了步
To tell the truth, I felt lonely.	說實話
She may come.	她可以來
He suspects me of telling a lie.	他懷疑我說謊
I can recommend this restaurant.	我推荐这个餐厅
His comments about the book were favorable.	他給這本書正面的評價
Come here quickly.	快來這裡
What are you driving at?	您在暗示什么
I go to church on Sundays.	周日我去做礼拜
I'm sorry to have disturbed you.	對不起打擾你了
It was only a dream.	只是一场梦罢了
These fireworks are spectacular!	这些焰火真壮观
I finished the work in less than an hour.	我用不到一小时就完成了这个工作
We are looking forward to seeing you and your family.	我们很期待见到您和您的家人
Do you know how to use this camera?	你会用这台相机吗
Is Tom able to speak French?	Tom	能说法文吗
He is terrible at math.	他的数学很不好
He still comes to see me now and then.	他仍然时不时来看我
I wish you had been there.	但願你去過那裡
Tom and Mary are very hungry.	汤姆和玛丽很饿
You're old enough to know better.	你年龄足够大了
He turned over the matter in his mind.	他在心里反复思量这件事
It is said that his father died in a foreign country.	据说他爸爸在外国去世了
I can open the window.	我可以打開這扇窗
Tom lost.	汤姆输了
I need you to promise that you'll do what I ask you to do.	我需要你承诺你会照我说的话去做
Did you drive her home last night?	昨晚你把她送回家了吗
I have heard the story.	我听说过那个故事
Blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once.	一口气吹灭生日蛋糕上所有的蜡烛
Put your hands up!	手举起来
We got there at the same time.	我們在同一時間到了那裡
You don't understand the procedure.	你不明白流程
These shoes don't fit my feet.	這鞋不合我的脚
I no longer wish to be your wife.	我不想做你老婆了
I have only five thousand yen.	我只有
We had to stay home because of the storm.	因為暴風雨的關係
She accused me of being a liar.	她罵我是個騙子
He didn't give me anything to eat.	他沒有給我任何東西吃
I'm glad that I was able to help.	能够出一份力太好了
How do we find it?	我们怎样才能找到它
I'm very busy.	我很忙
Look what happened.	看看發生了什麼
I admitted that I didn't know how to do that.	我承認我不知道怎麼做
Our team lost the first match.	我們隊輸了第一場比賽
I don't have the address now.	我現在沒有地址
You have changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.	你变了那么多
I want to go to America some day.	有一天我要去美國
I went to the hospital to have my eyes tested.	我到醫院去檢查了眼睛
My father likes pizza.	我父親喜歡批薩
We went to the movies last night.	我們昨晚去看電影了
He did his best to help her.	他尽力帮她了
Patience is sometimes the most effective weapon.	耐心有时候是最有效的武器
She got a new CD player yesterday.	她昨天得到了一個新的
Is this your book?	這是你的書嗎
One year has twelve months.	一年有十二個月
She is as beautiful as her mother.	她跟她媽媽一樣漂亮
We want a new carpet.	我们想要一条新毯子
English is studied all over the world.	世界各地都讀英語
Your driver's license has expired.	你的駕駛執照已經過期了
Tom couldn't think of a good place to hide it.	湯姆想不到個好地方藏它
This letter is wrongly addressed.	这封信寄错地方了
The experiment was successful.	這實驗是成功的
AI stands for artificial intelligence.	AI	代表人工智能
They're ignoring me.	他們不理我
I was just talking about Tom.	我仅仅是在和
The class begins at 8:30.	課程八點半開始
Tom got ripped off.	汤姆被敲竹杠了
I asked her out on a date.	我請她出去約會
The compass points to the north.	指南针指向北边
This river is dangerous to swim in.	在這條河裡游泳很危險
I'll be there right away.	我馬上到那裡
This is the book that you're looking for.	这是你要找的书
The circumstances did not allow me to go abroad.	情况不允许我出国
Did they buy the juice?	他們有買果汁嗎
How was your trip?	你的旅行怎么样
Why are you so happy?	你为什么那么高兴
The children returned home at dusk.	夜幕降临时
He got a better score than us.	他得到了比我们还高的分数
I know the girl playing tennis.	我認識這個打網球的女孩
He's a professor at the National University.	他是国立大学的一名教授
He is fluent in Chinese.	他能說流利的中文
Math is my favorite subject.	數學是我最喜歡的科目
You'd better not speak.	你最好不要說
You know I have no choice, don't you?	你知道我沒法選擇
The bus stopped, but no one got out.	巴士虽然停了
It's not a dream at all.	它根本不是夢
Hang on!	等一下
He told me not to tell lies.	他告訴我不要說謊
Please help me.	請幫我
The old cottage has a certain charm about it.	旧村屋有它自己一定的魅力
All of my friends like soccer.	我所有的朋友都喜歡足球
There's a cat under the table.	桌子下面有一隻貓
I got up early as usual.	我和往常一样起得很早
She had her hat blown off by the wind.	她的帽子被风吹掉了
Tom likes tofu.	汤姆喜欢豆腐
I like walking at night.	我喜歡在夜晚走路
You need to attach your photo to the application form.	你必须把你的照片贴在申请书上
There's nothing I can do about it.	我对此无能为力
The mayor denied having taken a bribe.	市长否认收受了贿赂
It's impolite to stare at people.	盯著人看是不禮貌的
Mary is a very pretty girl.	瑪麗是一個非常漂亮的姑娘
I'd like to have this meat dish with your best white wine.	我想就着你最好的白酒吃肉
The light is on.	灯亮着
I'll just sit here.	我就坐这儿
You're an angel.	你真是个天使
Write it in pencil.	用鉛筆寫
Someone is at the door.	有人在門口
I'll be in my office from ten tomorrow.	我明天十点起会在办公室里
Please tell us what to do next.	請告訴我們下一步要做什麼
I usually have a light breakfast.	我早餐通常吃得很清淡
I am a student, but he isn't.	我是個學生
It snowed from Monday to Friday.	雪从周一下到周五
Mary carries pepper spray in her purse.	玛丽的包里有胡椒喷剂
Where did you get the money to buy that dress?	你從哪兒弄來的錢去買那件衣服
I'm to blame.	这是我的错
He is going to be an engineer.	他將成為一名工程師
I'm surprised that you're so naive.	我很惊讶你竟然那么天真
I looked after him for a period of time.	我看了他一段时间
Please kill the lights.	请关灯
This is my book.	这是我的书
I was ill yesterday.	我昨天生病了
I seem to be unlucky today.	我今天看來很幸運
This should be easy.	這個應該很簡單
I have two cats.	我有两只猫
I think you've mistaken me for somebody else.	我想你將我認成別人了
She finished reading the letter.	她看完信了
I don't think that it's good.	我不觉得它很好
My father is a heavy smoker.	我爸爸吸烟很厉害
Call us.	联系我们
I don't know what I'm doing.	我不知道我在做甚麼
That job paid well.	这份工作工资很高
You ask too many questions.	你问题太多了
He devoted the last years of his life to writing his autobiography.	他晚年致力於寫自傳
He didn't give me much advice.	他没给我多少建议
I'm accustomed to the climate.	我对这气候习惯了
I'm very worried about my weight.	我很擔心我的體重
I don't like this jacket.	我不喜歡那件夾克
Tell me how you're feeling.	告訴我你的感受
Please drive carefully.	請小心駕駛
He couldn't understand the sentence.	他無法理解這句話
Tom has expressed similar ideas.	汤姆也表示了相似观点
He had to clean his room.	他不得不打扫了他的房间
Tom doesn't remember where he put his keys.	汤姆不记得他把钥匙放在哪里了
I can't recall the last time we met.	我想不起來我們上次見面的情况了
I signed the document.	我簽了文件
What do you really want to say?	你实际上想说什么
My head aches.	我头痛
He is as tall as her.	他和她一样高
The library is on the 4th floor.	圖書館在四樓
There are lots of trees in the countryside.	乡间有很多树
I don't have a lot of work, but it's enough to keep me in the office this week.	其实我工作并不多
This door is locked from the inside.	這門從裡面被反鎖了
Iron is a useful metal.	铁是种有用的金属
Japan has a high population density.	日本的人口密度很高
Where's my father?	我父亲在哪里
If Tom doesn't surrender, shoot him.	如果湯姆不投降
I can't believe you are eating something the doctor has told you repeatedly you shouldn't eat.	真的不敢相信你在吃医生叮嘱不要食用的东西
I'm moving next month.	我下个月要搬家了
She can sing very well.	她唱歌非常好
How is your work coming along?	你的工作進行得怎麼樣
Let's start!	讓我們開始吧
Why didn't you lock the door?	你為甚麼不鎖門
Eating too much is bad for your health.	吃得太多对健康不好
They kept on walking.	他们继续走
Do you know where he was born?	你知道他在哪出生的嗎
Please turn up the AC a little bit.	请你把冷气调高点
The patient is in a deep coma.	患者现在处于深度昏迷状态
We should've stayed at home.	我們本來應該留在家裡的
She studies English every day.	她每天學習英語
It was a warm day.	天氣暖和
It is wrong to cheat at cards.	玩牌作弊是錯誤的
Nothing is as precious as love.	沒有什麼東西是跟愛一樣珍貴的
The meal satisfied his hunger.	這頓飯讓他充饑解餓了
Mary and I are in the same class.	Marie	和我同班
Tom picked up the knife.	汤姆拿起了刀
Is it far?	遠嗎
I just had dinner with some of Tom's friends.	我刚跟汤姆的一些朋友吃了晚饭
Did you learn that from Tom?	你從湯姆那裡學到了嗎
Why doesn't anyone believe me?	为什么没有人相信我
Are you all ready?	你們都準備好了嗎
The company's competitive edge will be eroded if system engineers continue to leave.	如果系统工程师继续离开
I can't drink milk.	我不可以喝牛奶
I have a stomachache, doctor.	医生
The cat is watching the fish.	猫看着鱼
You can count on it.	你可以依靠它
Where will you have lunch today?	你今天將在哪裡吃午餐
Tom said you were angry.	汤姆说
The ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital.	救护车把伤者送往了最近的医院
Tom is happy here.	湯姆在這裡很高興
"Would you like some tea?" "Yes, please."	“	来杯茶吗
She always smiles at me.	她總是對我微笑
Could you please pass me the pepper?	能把胡椒遞給我嗎
How much does this cost?	这个几块
I go by that church every day.	我每天都从那座教堂前经过
Tom was bullied.	汤姆被欺负了
The fastest way to travel is by plane.	旅行最快的方式是乘飞机
Shall I close the door?	我應該把門關上嗎
Stop joking around.	不要隨便開玩笑
I'm a stranger here.	我是這裡的外地人
The old man is very kind.	這位老人家非常仁慈
December has thirty-one days.	十二月有三十一天
Asia is much larger than Australia.	亚洲比澳洲大很多
It's impossible to predict earthquakes.	預測地震是不可能的
Everyone is equal before the law.	法律面前人人平等
That doesn't make sense.	这没有任何意义
Rome wasn't built in a day.	冰冻三尺
How did you come to know this?	你为什么会知道
I've never told anyone about this.	我没跟任何人说过这事
How about some Spanish food?	你觉得西班牙料理怎么样
Tom has been learning French for a few years.	汤姆学了几年法语
Time's up.	时间到了
She wants a new dress badly.	她很想要一条新的连衣裙
No one knows whether he loves her or not.	谁也不知道他是否爱她
They are having a really good time.	他們正玩得非常開心
I dropped my fountain pen.	我的鋼筆掉了
Could you introduce me to a lawyer?	你能幫我介紹一名律師嗎
They were worried.	他们担心
We got the meeting over with quickly.	我們很快的結束了這個會議
I quit.	我退出
We watched a baseball game on television.	我們看了電視上的棒球比賽
We had a good time last night.	我們昨晚玩得很開心
He never looks down on poor people.	他從未看不起窮人
His bicycle is blue.	他的自行车是蓝色的
I usually walk to school.	我通常走去学校
You look like a little girl.	你看来是个小女孩
You aren't allowed in this room.	你不能進這個房間
We're adults.	我们已是成年人了
Have you ever been hit by a car?	你被车撞过吗
I have so many clothes I don't know what to wear tomorrow.	我有那么多衣服
Let's talk about this tomorrow.	我们来讨论下明天吧
Doing that won't take long.	做起來不會很久
In general, consumers prefer quantity to quality.	一般來說
We're on strike because the company hasn't improved our wages.	我們之所以罷工是因為公司沒有改善我們的工資
He is capable of teaching Spanish.	他有能力教授西班牙文
Nobody wants it.	这个没人要
He resigned and fled the country.	他辞职后逃离了这个国家
I am writing a draft of the speech.	我在寫演講的草稿
You and he are both very kind.	你和他都很友好
We have to come to some agreement.	我们要达成一些协定
I got up at seven this morning.	我今天早上
The pianist played two encores.	這位鋼琴家演奏了兩首安可曲
I've always kept my word.	我一直信守我的諾言
I take a bath every day.	我每天洗一次澡
I will do the shopping for her birthday.	我要去给她生日买点东西
We're friends.	我们是朋友
It's rude to make fun of your boss in public.	在公開場合開你老闆的玩笑是無禮的
I'll be at home all day tomorrow.	明天我一整天都在家
You look bored.	你看起來很無聊
Which one do you think is correct?	你認為哪一個是正確的
Be kind.	友善点
Sensing danger, he ran away.	他一嗅到风声不对
Take your time. There's no hurry.	慢慢来
Don't interfere in my affairs.	不要插手我的事
Don't tell anyone.	对谁都别说哟
I don't need to do anything.	我什么都不用做
This is my question.	这是我的问题
We got on the bus there.	我們在那裡上了公共汽車
How time flies!	时间过得多快呀
Wait here.	在这等着
You should have attended the meeting.	你應該參加這個會議的
They say that golf is very popular in Japan.	他们说高尔夫在日本很流行
What have you come here for?	你为什么来这儿
I was too shy to look her in the face.	我害羞得不敢正面看她的脸
JST stands for Japan Standard Time.	JST	代表日本標準時間
He lived abroad for much of his life.	他大半生都住在国外
Tom can't ride a horse.	湯姆不能騎馬
For a moment there, I thought he had gone mad.	一时间我还以为他疯了
Thank you for inviting me.	謝謝你邀請我
Can you tell those twins apart?	你可以分出那對雙胞胎中誰是誰嗎
My wife wants to adopt a child.	我妻子想收养一个孩子
More and more people are moving to urban areas.	越來越多的人遷往市區
I like to watch baseball games.	我喜歡看棒球比賽
His parents expect too much of him.	他父母对他期望过高
Tom doesn't pay attention in school.	汤姆在学校里不专心
She was ashamed of her children's behavior.	她为自己孩子的行为感到羞耻
Tom and Mary have a lot in common.	汤姆和玛丽有很多共同点
I'd like to visit your country someday.	我想某一天拜访你的国家
Be careful not to catch a cold.	小心不要着凉
Taking off is easier than landing.	起飛比降落容易
Tom had to sell his house.	湯姆必須賣了他的房子
I'll show you the way.	我會為你帶路
It is a nice view from here.	从这儿看景色很美
He was very busy all day.	他忙了一整天
Who's your favorite TV star?	谁是你最喜爱的电视明星
School starts next week.	學校下週開學
I try.	我试试
I asked her to wait a minute.	我让她等了一分钟
I can't remember which is my racket.	我不記得哪個是我的球拍
They are very big.	他們非常大
I suppose I'd better phone Tom.	我想我给汤姆打电话比较好
I am familiar with this neighborhood.	我對這附近很熟悉
The taxi's here.	出租车到了
Tom told us this morning that he and Mary were moving to Boston.	汤姆告诉我今天上午他和玛丽要搬到波士顿
Not everyone will love you.	不是每個人都會爱你
She speaks clearly enough to be easily understood.	她說得足夠明白易懂
He is alone.	他獨自一人
Is death the only way out?	死是唯一的解脱吗
I ate curry last night.	我昨晚吃了咖喱
Have you been busy since yesterday?	你从昨天开始就忙吗
I would like to do more.	我想做更多
I often go downtown on Sunday.	我常常星期日去市中心
We like to play soccer.	我們喜歡踢足球
It was not very cold yesterday.	昨天不是很冷
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account.	我希望我能知道如何刪除我的
I have been to Rome.	我去过罗马
I know he is watching me.	我知道他在看著我
In the case of fire, dial 119.	遇到火灾打
My mother doesn't like watching TV.	我母親不喜歡看電視
He is much older than he looks.	他的實際年齡比他看起來老得多
It's free.	它是免費的
Why doesn't he tell me jokes anymore?	為甚麼他不再跟我講笑話了
It's worth the wait.	它是值得等待的
I should've chosen a shorter username.	我该用短一点的用户名的
That tree is on Tom's property.	那樹是湯姆的財産
Don't cry.	别哭
The lights in the bathroom aren't working.	洗手间的灯坏掉了
I want to be a baseball player.	我想成為一名棒球運動員
I went to drink a beer with friends.	我去和朋友喝了杯啤酒
Tom doesn't eat red meat.	湯姆不吃紅肉
You need to register by Monday.	你需要在星期一前註冊
He arrived at the station at seven.	他
They made him do the work again.	他們要他再做一次這個工作
Don't trust him.	你别相信他
In my opinion, you're wrong.	在我看来
Tom's blood pressure is high.	汤姆有高血压
What should I look for?	我应该寻找什么
The cake is delicious.	蛋糕很美味
Tom didn't know how to control himself.	汤姆不知道怎么控制住自己
Tom didn't seem to want to tell me why he'd done that.	汤姆似乎不想告诉我为什么他要那样做
The boat was tied with a short line.	船被用短繩繫著
I intend to study abroad next year.	我打算明年出國留學
Tom isn't foolish.	汤姆不傻
He crept out of the room very carefully to avoid waking her up.	他很小心地溜出房间
No one encouraged her.	没有人鼓励她
Tom hopes you're able to attend his party.	湯姆希望你能參加他的派對
I was scared all the time.	我一直很害怕
Tom doesn't know why I'm here.	湯姆不知道我為什麽在這裡
I can't go with you because I'm very busy.	我不能和你们一起去
What happened in the park?	公園裡發生了甚麼
Why did you marry Tom?	你為甚麼跟湯姆結婚
You come back soon, OK?	你早點回來
Let me try it.	让我试试
She sang better than him.	她唱得比他好
She fooled him.	她愚弄了他
You are blushing.	你脸红了
Tom is waiting for you in the conference room.	汤姆在会议室等你
Where's Tom's stuff?	汤姆的东西在哪里
I go to bed at eleven.	我十一点上床
My father is going to kill me.	我爸会杀了我的
The toilet doesn't flush properly.	厕所冲水不正常
Tom wasn't thirsty.	汤姆不渴
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.	我對漢堡感到厭煩了
A lot of soldiers were killed here.	許多士兵在這裡陣亡
Tom is sick.	汤姆生病了
You can't blame Tom for getting angry.	你不能怪汤姆生气了
He had his head in the clouds in class.	他在課堂上心不在焉
There are seven men and four women in my section.	在我的部门里有七男四女
It's still too early to get up.	時間還早不必這麼早起床
The museum is open from Monday to Friday.	博物馆周一到周五开门
He was sitting on the floor.	他坐在地上
This is my wife.	这是我的妻子
I beg your pardon?	不好意思
He made her a bookshelf.	他做了一個書架給她
She kept working.	她不停地工作
The sky is full of dark clouds.	空中烏雲密佈
I have two nieces.	我有两个外甥女
Bring the key.	帶鑰匙來
I don't see why not.	我看不出为什么不
I'm not asking you. I'm begging you.	我不是要求你
I have some English books.	我有一些英文書
He checked in at a good hotel.	他入住了一間很好的旅館
Please wrap it up.	請包起來
I'll return at 6:30.	我六點半回來
What should be done?	怎么办
That man died of lung cancer a week ago.	那个男人在一周前死于肺癌
This city is cold and lonely without you.	没有你
Tom doesn't really love Mary.	汤姆不是真的爱玛丽
He likes French more than German.	他喜歡法語勝過德語
Tom was at home.	汤姆在家的
This house is really beautiful.	这房子真漂亮
I've never been this happy before.	我从未这么高兴
The chances are he's already heard the news.	他有可能已經得知這消息
I had nothing to hide.	我没什么可隐藏
I'll do my best not to disturb your studying.	我会尽量不打扰你复习
You don't have to kick yourself.	你不要自甘堕落
I've just had lunch.	我剛吃過午飯
He gave me a cold.	他把感冒传给我了
What a bizarre tale!	多么荒唐的故事
We'll have to wait and see.	你得等一等看
I have known her for two years.	我认识她两年了
There's no need for you to study.	你沒有讀書的必要
He's in the kitchen.	他在厨房
Tom is probably still studying French.	汤姆可能还在学法语
I can't keep up with you.	我無法跟上你
What's your impression of the United States?	你对美国印象如何
While you're young, you should read a lot.	當你年輕的時候
He sometimes goes to work by car.	他有時開車去上班
Lawyers are all liars.	律师都是骗子
It's too big.	它太大了
He called me up almost every day.	他幾乎每天打電話給我
Six divided by two equals three.	六除以二得三
Everybody is alive.	所有人都是活着的
Take it easy.	別緊張
She acknowledged that my statement was true.	她承認我的聲明是真實的
My mother is a lawyer.	我妈妈是律师
Wash your hands before meals.	饭前要洗手
Sulfur burns with a blue flame.	硫磺燃燒著藍色的火焰
The man ate bread.	這個男人吃了麵包
Go to the patio.	去露台
Don't open that.	别打开那东西
I wanted to thank you for what you did today.	我想为你今天所做的事感谢你
I built this for you.	我为你建了这个
I shot the horse because it had trouble breathing.	我枪杀了那匹马
I'd like to finish the work on my own.	我想自己把工作做完
I entered the room and shook hands with him.	我走進了房間與他握手
I've got things under control.	我控制住了
The Sahara is a vast desert.	撒哈拉沙漠广袤无垠
We are happy to see you again.	我们很高兴再次见到你
I chew gum.	我嚼口香糖
I prefer milk to juice.	比起果汁
The top of Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.	富士山顶盖满了雪
Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is?	你能把最近的公车站指给我看吗
We found the beds quite comfortable.	我們發現這些床很舒服
Tom is on his way here.	湯姆正往這里來
His pictures were hung on the wall.	他的画被悬挂在墙上
Would you like to know how to prevent getting wrinkles?	你想要知道如何避免皺紋嗎
Tom used to date my daughter.	汤姆以前和我女儿约会
My father runs a restaurant.	我的父親經營一家餐館
Is Tom Canadian?	Tom	是加拿大人嗎
Tom didn't take his shoes off.	汤姆没脱鞋
Everyone's tired of hearing that story.	每个人都听腻了那个故事
It looks good.	看起来不错
I feel sad.	我很难过
I got robbed.	我被抢劫了
A friend in need is a friend indeed.	患難見真情
Who is this, please?	請問這是誰
I am going to the store now.	我現在要去這家商店
Would you please explain the rules to me?	請你為我解釋規則好嗎
I've always kept my promises.	我一直信守我的諾言
These are my books.	这些是我的书
I might not see Tom today.	我今天可能見不到湯姆了
He can speak French, and obviously English.	他能说法语
Don't do anything like that again.	不要再做那樣的事情了
What do you call this bird in English?	这鸟你们用英语怎么称呼
She had an appointment with the doctor.	她跟醫生預約看診了
You are good.	你很好
There's a telephone in my room.	我的房里有部电话
Please have a seat.	请坐一下
Why did you come here?	你為什麼來這裡
Do you like this flower?	你喜欢这朵花吗
It was very kind of you to lend me an umbrella.	你借给我伞真好
She has always lived in Otaru.	她一直住在小樽
All that I know is that he gave up the plan.	我所知道的是他放棄了這個計劃
I've lost my ticket.	我把票弄丟了
You should pay your rent in advance.	你应该提前付租金
Tom is out cold.	汤姆正昏迷不醒
I am learning two foreign languages.	我学两种外语
He often takes me for a drive.	他常常載我去兜風
I am not a witch.	我不是巫婆
I bought a watch.	我買了一只手錶
I got along with everybody.	我和大家相處
I hear my uncle died of cancer.	我聽到我叔叔死於癌症的消息
We had a history quiz this morning.	我們今天早上有歷史小考
What on earth is the matter?	到底怎么了
They made me really angry.	他们让我很生气
Stay off the grass.	從草地裏出來
I brought up two kids all on my own.	我一個人把兩個小孩扶養長大
That movie is worth seeing.	那部电影值得一看
I cannot speak Mandarin well.	我的中文說得不好
Tom says he doesn't think Mary needed to do that.	汤姆说他不觉得玛丽要去做那件事
When it rains, it pours.	祸不单行
She will be glad if you go to see her in person.	如果你單獨去看她
I returned the books I borrowed from the library, and I borrowed some new ones.	我还了从图书馆借的书
Feel this.	来感受一下这个
The conference will end tomorrow.	会议明天就结束了
I know the man sitting over there.	我認識坐在那裡的那個男人
That's what Tom requested.	那就是汤姆想要的
I've been here for a long time.	我在這裡很長一段時間了
I struggled to get out of the subway.	我挣扎着挤出地铁
Tom hasn't talked to Mary about that yet.	汤姆还没跟玛丽谈那事
Hundreds of buffaloes moved toward the lake.	數以百計的水牛走向湖邊
I just talked to the person in charge.	我刚跟主管人谈过
What're you going to do?	你要做什么
I'm working in Boston now.	我現在在波士頓工作
Give me the book.	給我這本書
I think someone's knocking on the door.	我想有人在敲门
Tell me how to play the game.	告诉我怎么玩游戏
Everybody is immune to smallpox nowadays.	現今每個人都對天花免疫了
Can I stay here with you?	我可以和你一起呆在这里吗
I think I drank too much.	我想我喝得太多了
Why isn't anyone visiting my website?	为什么没人来我的网站呢
Nobody encouraged her.	没有人鼓励她
She teaches us French.	她教我们法语
An honest man never steals money.	誠實的人從不偷錢
All participants must be registered.	所有的參加者都得註冊
Tom chewed on his pencil.	汤姆嚼铅笔
He has been to London three times.	他去過倫敦三次
My father made me wash the car.	我父親要我洗車
I am online.	我上网了
I have some pens.	我有幾支圓珠筆
I love parties.	我愛派對
I'm very happy to meet you.	认识您很高兴
She lives in a huge house.	她住在一個很大的房子裡
This paragraph is vague.	這一個段落是模糊不清的
They're fake.	它们是假的
Women eat lighter meals when they're eating with a guy.	當女性跟一個男人吃飯時
The runner jumped over the hole in the ground.	那个赛跑运动员跃过了地面上的洞
The teacher granted me permission to go home early.	老師允許我提前回家
Is she Japanese?	她是日本人嗎
Tom told me where Mary lives.	汤姆告诉了我玛丽住哪儿
Laura Ingalls grew up on the prairie.	勞拉英戈爾斯是在草原上長大的
I don't think it's a good idea.	我觉得这主意不行
You look the way your father did thirty years ago.	你看上去就像是三十年前你父親的樣子
Tom looked at me and smiled.	汤姆看着我笑了
Haven't we met somewhere before?	我们好像在哪见过
I grew up in a poor family.	我出身贫寒
I have nothing to fall back on.	我没什么可依靠的了
Do you have any idea what's been going on?	你知道現在正在發生甚麼嗎
Put the book back on the shelf.	把書放回書架上
Tom dyed his hair.	汤姆染发了
I feel as if I've woken up from a nightmare.	我覺得我好像從惡夢中驚醒
I feel like taking a bath now.	我現在想洗澡
They refused.	他們拒絕了
I'm not picky. I'll eat anything.	我不挑剔
We went all out to get the job done.	我们全力以赴来完成工作
Give Tom a hand.	幫湯姆一把
Tom started dating Mary three months ago.	汤姆三个月前开始和玛丽约会
He didn't hear his name called.	他没听见有人叫他的名字
I finally persuaded him to buy it.	我終於說服了他買它
You're looking tired.	你看起来很困了
They are at lunch.	他们在吃午饭
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the train.	我用盡全力跑
War is not inevitable.	战争并非不可避免
He lost his balance and fell off his bicycle.	他失去了平衡
The lock's broken.	锁坏了
Tom wished he could understand French.	汤姆希望他能懂法语
How did you reply?	您怎么回答的
My pen is new.	我的钢笔是新的
He can read English easily.	他能轻松地读英语
Give me a glass of water, please.	请你给我一杯水
Tom said he was curious.	汤姆说他很好奇
This fish is delicious.	这条鱼很好吃
Summer is always hot and humid.	夏天总是闷热而又潮湿
I ran into Tom at the supermarket.	我在超市碰到了汤姆
Are there any apples in the box?	箱子裡有蘋果嗎
He still loves her.	他仍然爱着她
No, I don't have a girlfriend.	没有
They like to sing.	他们都喜欢唱歌
I wish she had come last night.	但願她昨晚來就好了
Thank you for your reply.	谢谢你的答复
The baby seemed to be fast asleep.	那個嬰兒似乎在熟睡中
Once upon a time, there was a beautiful princess.	从前有个美丽的公主
My grandmother is very old.	我祖母很老了
I received your letter yesterday.	我昨天收到了你的信
We've lost them.	我們把他們跟丢了
She is everything to him.	她是他的一切
She is wearing a white dress today.	她今天穿著白色的衣服
He'll do whatever you ask him to.	他會做任何你要求他做的事
I don't think he is sincere.	我不觉得他很诚实
I don't like to mix business with pleasure.	我不喜欢把生意和快乐混在一起
I have been abroad several times this year.	我今年去了好几次外国
Sociopaths rarely display remorse or feelings of guilt for their crimes.	反社会者极少为他们的罪行显露懊悔或有罪恶的感觉
This factory manufactures CD players.	这个工厂生产
Tom is deceitful.	汤姆是个骗子
Wherever you go, I'll follow.	無論你去哪裡我都會跟著你
You should go.	你應該去
I am the tallest in our class.	我在班里是最高的
The boy doesn't know how to behave.	這個男孩不懂禮貌
This family gave me a warm welcome.	这个家庭热情地接待了我
It is difficult to give up smoking.	戒烟难
You must go outside if you want to smoke.	如果您想抽烟的话
Their eyes met.	他們目光相接
I thought it was true.	我以为这是真的
Tom is a very generous man.	湯姆是個大方的人
He poured cold water over himself.	他往他自己身上潑了一盆冷水
I want to go swimming.	我想去游泳
Our child likes dogs, but I prefer cats.	我们的孩子喜欢狗
My brother is watching TV.	我弟弟在看电视
You're welcome.	您不必感谢我
Now it is official.	现在它是官方的了
I'll treat you to dinner.	晚饭我请客
Who was playing?	誰在玩
How cute!	多可爱啊
Don't put it on my desk.	不要把它放在我的桌子上
He is no ordinary student.	他不是个普通的学生
Thanks for agreeing to come.	谢谢您答应到来
Salmon lay their eggs in fresh water.	鮭魚在淡水中產卵
I can't follow Tom's logic.	我跟不上汤姆的逻辑
We probably should've left early.	我們可能應該早點走
Close your mouth.	闭上你的嘴
I think that Liszt's "Forgotten Waltz No.3" is a hidden masterpiece.	我觉得李斯特的
There's no use crying over spilt milk.	覆水難收
I didn't mean that.	我沒有那個意思
Did you hear the news?	你听到新闻了吗
Everybody's worried.	每个人都担心
He said hello to the woman.	他向那位女士问好
You should have known better than to lend him money.	早知如此
Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial killer.	汤姆不知道玛丽是个连环杀手
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek.	汤姆亲了玛丽脸颊
It will be spring soon.	春天快來了
He's the only survivor in the village.	他是村子里面唯一在世的人
That's a little hard to believe.	那有点难以置信
You are not authorized to enter there.	你无权进入那里
It was a quiet winter evening.	这是个静谧的冬夜
He was scared when the monkey jumped at him.	猴子跳到他身上的时候
I had trouble unwrapping the package.	我在打开包装时遇到了麻烦
Just relax.	放松点吧
I study French after dinner every day.	我每天吃过晚饭后都会学法语
How unfortunate!	可憐
That's crazy.	那是瘋狂的
He comes from England.	他来自英格兰
Get real.	醒醒吧
The vending machines are over there.	自动售货机在那边
My mother never punishes me.	我母親從來沒有懲罰過我
I noticed Tom was smiling.	我注意到汤姆在笑
I don't blame you.	我不怪你
That's terrible.	这太可怕了
The car was going forward.	车往前走
Who was this picture painted by?	這幅畫是誰畫的
I don't have a bicycle.	我沒有腳踏車
Don't let your guard down.	不要放松警惕
I only wanted to do some good.	我只想做好事
The town was full of activity.	小镇充满了活力
I have no regrets about what I did.	我對我做過的事不後悔
Please tell me when to go.	請告訴我什麼時候該走
He didn't know what to do next.	他不知道下一步要做什麼
A full moon can be seen tonight.	今晚能看到满月
Which do you like better, this or that?	你更喜欢哪个
He talks too fast.	他说话太快了
The girl made an awkward bow.	這個女孩做了一把不稱手的弓
She liked him right off.	她立刻喜歡上他了
There is no denying the fact.	這是無可否認的事實
What are you reading right now?	你在看什么
Don't use computer translation.	别用机翻
He is busy preparing for the entrance examination.	他忙着准备入学考试
He was named after his grandfather.	他以他祖父的名字被命名
I'd like another beer.	我想再来一杯啤酒
How tall is your brother?	你的兄弟多高
I'm afraid that you'll have to go in person.	我恐怕您必须亲自去
He is lacking in common sense.	他缺乏常识
This book is small.	这本书小
The bus stop is across the street.	公車站牌就在街對面
He picked up a mirror and examined his tongue.	他拿了面镜子细看自己的舌头
He has at least one thousand books.	他至少有一千本書
They decided to get married.	他們決定結婚了
Tom left his umbrella on the bus.	汤姆把伞落在了巴士上
Do you know anybody who's been to Australia?	你知道谁去过澳大利亚的吗
This is about as large as that.	這個大約跟那個一樣大
I am interested in palm reading.	我对掌上阅读很感兴趣
Where are you right now?	你現在在哪裡
Who knows?	谁知道
What're you laughing at?	在笑什么呢
What did you go to Kyoto for?	你為什麼去京都
I fear death.	我怕死
I want the same jacket as you're wearing.	我也想要和你身上那件同样的外套
Tom didn't deny he did that.	汤姆没有否认他做的事情
They'll understand that.	他們會明白
Take the elevator to the fifth floor.	搭乘電梯到五樓
These toys are suitable for girls.	這些玩具適合女生
I got warm from jogging for an hour.	我慢跑了一个小时
Do you think there are aliens?	你觉着有外星人存在吗
It's exactly what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
English has spread all over the country.	英語已經普及全國
We know so little about you.	我們對你知道得不多
I heard her singing a song.	我聽到她唱歌
That was then and this is now.	那时是那时
I didn't mean to disturb you.	我没有想打扰你
It's about time to start.	差不多该开始了
Mission accomplished.	任务完成
My tummy hurts.	我肚子疼
That's too easy.	那太简单了
She takes a shower every morning.	她每天早上都冲澡
He was not aware of the danger.	他沒有意識到自己有危險
Grandpa bought it for me!	爷爷买给我的
Who told you the news?	誰告訴了你這個消息
He got to school just in time.	他刚好准时到校
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is happy or not.	汤姆不知道玛丽是高兴呢
Everyone was surprised.	所有人都很吃惊
Do I look rich?	我看起来很有钱吗
I am a college student.	我是一名大学生
I like coffee better than tea.	我喜歡咖啡勝過茶
I wish to visit Egypt someday.	我希望有一天去埃及
Put on some sunscreen.	涂点防晒吧
It's windy today.	今天有风
Is ten thousand yen enough?	一萬日元夠嗎
Tom wanted to leave.	汤姆想离开
Tom probably wanted to go swimming.	湯姆可能想去游泳
My grandfather lived a long life.	我的祖父很長壽
Tom's sick.	汤姆生病了
No matter what I do, she says I can do better.	不论我做什么
I hope everything will turn out well in the end.	我希望最后一切都好
I have to go to bed.	我该上床了
We should do our best.	我们应该做到最好
I picked up a pretty shell at the seaside.	我在海边捡了个漂亮贝壳
I stayed at his place yesterday.	我昨天住在他家
We just moved in.	我們才剛搬進來
I received a letter from her.	我收到了她的來信
There seemed to be no answer to the problem.	这个问题似乎没有答案
In Switzerland, spring comes in May.	在瑞士
Draw a line from A to B.	请画一条从
Tom said he's glad he could do that.	湯姆說他很高興他能做
There are twenty-four hours in a day.	一天有二十四个小时
It's rare to meet nice people like you.	很少能见到像你那么好的人
When did he say he would come?	他說他什麼時候會來
He is very afraid of his mother.	他非常怕他的母親
A slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician.	有时候口误对政治家来说是致命的
Do as you want.	你想怎么做就怎么做
What did you have for lunch?	你们午饭吃了什么
My sister can play the piano better than I can.	我妹妹鋼琴可以彈得比我好
My strength is all gone.	我的力气耗尽了
Can you play the organ?	你能演奏管风琴吗
What you see is what you get.	你看到什麼拿什麼
Today is my sister's birthday.	今天是我姊姊的生日
Tell me about it.	说来听听
Those twins look like two peas in a pod.	这对双胞胎长得一模一样
The cat meowed.	猫叫了叫
It was only a partial success.	那只是部分的成功
He kept his promise and helped his brothers.	他履行了他的承诺
Bee stings can be very painful.	蜜蜂螫人可以是非常痛苦的
These patients have trouble walking.	这些患者走路有困难
Tom has been wounded.	Tom	负伤了
Let's go indoors.	我們進屋吧
She gave up her plans against her will.	她違背己願放棄了她的計畫
None of them could understand what she was implying.	他們沒有人了解她暗示什麼
Are you on the committee?	你是委員會中的成員嗎
I might be a few minutes late.	我可能要迟到几分钟
Is it something I said?	是我說的嗎
Strawberries are in season now.	現在是草莓的季節
I don't think that we've been introduced.	我们之前没有见过吧
Tom didn't know what Mary was talking about.	湯姆不知道瑪麗在說甚麼
Tom didn't want to come.	汤姆不想来
I am curious.	我很好奇
Why do you know that?	你为什么会知道
He likes music a lot.	他非常喜歡音樂
It's on the house.	这是免费的
We should always obey laws.	我们总要遵守法律
We are spending the night at my uncle's house.	我们睡在我舅舅家
Someone smashed the windshield of my new car.	有人把我新车的挡风玻璃砸碎了
It's so early.	太早了
You are interested in computers.	你对电脑感兴趣
Please don't say that.	请不要这样说
I'm opposed to any type of war.	我反對任何形式的戰爭
Come whenever you want.	什么时候想来就过来吧
She has a gift for prophecy.	她有预言的能力
There is no clock in my room.	我的房间里没有时钟
What I want isn't tea, but coffee.	我要的不是茶
Sooner or later his luck will run out.	遲早他的運氣會用完
When his food supply ran short, he had to look for a new place to live.	他的食物供给不足的的时候
These two words are easily confused.	这两个词容易混淆
I think that it's true.	我認為這是真的
Open your book to page nine.	打開你的書到第九頁
Hurry up.	趕快
Tom drank his orange juice.	Tom	喝了他的柳橙汁
This piece is in a major key.	这首曲子是大调
I want to go there.	我想去那裡
I don't like eggs.	我不喜欢吃鸡蛋
He struck a match.	他劃了一根火柴
She spoke Japanese well.	她日语说的很好
She doesn't know how to play golf.	她不知道怎麼打高爾夫球
May I have a glass of milk, please?	请问能给我一杯牛奶吗
No problem at all!	没有任何问题
Mary wore a simple white dress.	玛丽穿了一条朴素的白裙子
Will you have time to have lunch with me?	你有时间跟我吃午饭吗
What's your mother tongue?	你的母语是什么
Tom is out of his mind.	湯姆失去理智了
This factory manufactures CD players.	这家工厂生产
The heater is broken.	暖氣壞了
Tom has a twin brother.	Tom	有個雙胞胎兄弟
How did you like the party?	你覺得這個派對如何
How time flies!	时间过得真快啊
He was not at all satisfied.	他完全不滿意
In London, the police are always worried about finding a bomb on the train or subway.	在倫敦
Has she finished her work yet?	她完成了她的工作嗎
I want a new shirt. What do you want?	我要一件新衬衫
He calls her up every night.	他每天晚上打電話給她
Life would be impossible without the sun.	沒有太陽就沒有生命
My son always gets sick when he rides a bus.	我的儿子每次乘坐公交车都会晕车
You have no sense of direction.	你一点方向感都没有
These cardboard boxes are a hundred per cent recyclable.	這些紙板盒是百分之百可回收的
Give me the number.	把那个号码给我
I gained two kilos this summer.	这个夏天我胖了两公斤
Can you ride a horse?	你会骑马吗
Do you know if my father is still in the office?	你知道我父親是否還在辦公室嗎
I'm not satisfied with my English ability.	我不滿意我的英語能力
I haven't watched that video yet.	我还没看过那段视频
Give me an apple.	給我一個蘋果
You'd better relax a bit.	你最好休息一下
I'm going to go there with Tom.	我要和汤姆去那里
I couldn't understand anything that he said.	我不了解他所說的事情
I can't wait for you.	我不能等你
I am convinced that he is innocent.	我相信他是無辜的
Is there a place where I can charge my cellphone around here?	这附近有没有可以给手机充电的地方
The plane took off.	飛機起飛了
He grew up to be a doctor.	他長大後成為了一名醫生
It's time to leave.	是时候离开了
I will wait for my sister here.	我會在這裡等我姊姊
Tell me about it!	跟我讲讲那件事
You must be joking.	你一定是开玩笑
I found this in your desk drawer.	我在你的桌子抽屉里找到了这个
Tom admitted that he'd killed Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
I like candy.	我喜歡甜食
It's frozen hard.	真的很冰冷
I invited my friends to dinner.	我邀請我的朋友吃晚餐
I wish I were a good singer.	但愿我是一个好歌手
English is a Germanic language.	英語是一種日耳曼語
He must be the principal.	他一定是校長
They wash their hands.	他們洗手
I don't go in for that sort of thing.	我讨厌那种事
They say that he will never return.	他们说他再也不会回来了
Let me know about the result of the exam.	告诉我考试结果
At last, it began to rain.	终于开始下雨了
Is this car your friend's?	這輛車是你朋友的嗎
I don't think we should wait.	我認為我們不應該再等
I always think of him when I'm alone.	我孤单的时候总会想起他
It is too late.	太晚了
I love my life.	我爱我的生活
I cannot find fault with him.	我挑不出他的毛病
I still have things left to do.	我还有点事
We gave the car a push.	我們推了車
I can't get my tractor started.	我發動不了我的拖拉機
Tom loves to sing.	湯姆愛唱歌
Tom bought a dozen donuts.	汤姆买了一打甜甜圈
You don't like sashimi, do you?	你不喜歡生魚片
This is a difficult problem to solve.	这是个很难解决的问题
It isn't as difficult as you think.	那个没你想象的那么难
She was out of Japan last year.	去年她离开了日本
I had to stay at home.	我得留在家裡
She is capable of teaching English.	她可以教英语
This kind of mistake is easy to overlook.	这种错误很容易被人忽视
They will tear down the old building in two days.	他們將在兩天內拆除這棟舊的建築物
It's impossible to get there by noon.	中午到達那裡是不可能的
I usually take a bath after dinner.	我通常在晚飯後洗澡
Who solved the hard problem?	誰解決了這個難題
I just want you to come.	我只是想要你来
She's been absent from school for five days.	她已经五天不上学了
I don't know my father's annual income.	我不知到我爸的年收入是多少
He can play both tennis and baseball.	他既会打网球
Please bring me my bill.	請把帳單給我
It's almost time for the cherry blossoms.	幾乎是櫻花綻放的時候了
If I were rich, I would go abroad.	如果我有钱了
Let us know whether you can come.	讓我們知道你是否能來
She found a job as a typist.	她找到了一份打字員的工作
As more paper money came into use, the value fell.	当更多的纸币投入使用
We'll have lived here for two years next April.	到明年四月我们住在这儿就满两年了
Please fill this bucket with water.	請把這個桶子裝滿水
She walks.	她在行走
I met the prince himself.	我见到了王子真人
How's everybody?	大家好嗎
Old people get up very early.	老人們很早就起床
Do you know whose handwriting this is?	你知道这是谁的字吗
He went to Africa to see wild animals.	为了看野生动物
I believed you.	我信过你
We got together in the park.	我們在公園裡聚在一起
What time will you leave?	你什麼時候離開
Go outside and play now.	現在出去玩吧
Don't play in the street.	別在馬路上玩
We need money.	我們需要錢
I can't find the broom.	我找不到掃把了
A bottle of red wine, please.	請來瓶紅酒
Please let me pick up your sister at the station.	请让我到火车站去接你的姐姐
The bucket was full of water.	这桶装满了水
I tried to smile.	我試著微笑
You are allowed to use the hotel's swimming pool.	你有权使用旅馆的游泳池
Let's meet in a week.	让我们一周后见
I have a reservation for tonight.	我有今晚的預訂
How do you account for that?	你怎么解释那个
Slight inattention can cause a great disaster.	失之毫厘
You've made a mistake.	你犯了个错误
How long did it take Tom to read this book?	这本书汤姆看了多久
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.	没有挑战就没有收获
His father is Japanese.	他父親是日本人
She's not as old as Mary.	她沒有瑪麗年紀大
We have a great team.	我们有个好极了的团队
It is difficult to give up smoking.	戒煙很難
Japan depends on foreign countries for oil.	日本依賴外國的石油
You can start right now.	你现在可以开始了
He amassed a large fortune before he died.	他死前累積了龐大的財富
What are you punishing them for?	您为什么惩罚他们
I work in a factory.	我在一家工廠工作
He does not come here every day.	他不是每一天都來這裡
Visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a Japanese house.	访客通常在进入一户日本人家之前会被要求脱鞋
A doctor was called in right away.	醫生立刻被請來了
Please wait a moment.	请稍等一会
The teacher gathered his students around him.	老師把他的學生們聚集在他周圍
I expect her back by six o'clock.	我希望她六點前回來
Salt helps to preserve food from decay.	鹽可以幫助保存食物避免腐爛
Mom, I'm hungry.	妈妈
My parents objected to my studying abroad.	我父母反對我出國留學
Where is my book?	我的書在哪
Your English has improved a lot.	你的英語進步了很多
She is about my age.	她大約跟我同年紀
It snowed a lot last year.	去年下了很多雪
Tom didn't accept Mary's apology.	汤姆不接受玛丽的道歉
I'd really like to go to Boston with you.	我不想跟你去波士頓
This is a great moment.	这是一个伟大的时刻
Everybody needs to calm down.	大家需要冷静下来
You are safe here with me.	你和我在这里很安全
I saw your brother the other day.	前幾天我看到了你哥哥
The grand prize is a kiss from the princess.	一等奖是公主的香吻
War broke out in 1941.	战争于
Food should be chewed before being swallowed.	食物在吞咽前要经过咀嚼
Tom was talking in his sleep.	汤姆在说梦话
Would you mind saying that once more?	請你再說一次好嗎
I have few friends.	我朋友很少
I put the book down and turned on the light.	我把书放下来然后开灯
I can drive.	我會開車
A whale is a mammal.	鲸鱼是哺乳动物
I can't think of life without you.	我無法想像沒有你的生活
There are no cars on the street.	路上没什么车
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?	今天下午你想去動物園嗎
Tom comes home every day at 2:30.	汤姆每天
Lemons are sour.	檸檬是酸的
He climbed Mt. Fuji.	他爬上了富士山
I'm a bachelor.	我單身
Tom has my book.	汤姆有我的书
I'm afraid of earthquakes.	我怕地震
I'm bored.	我覺得很無聊
What have you been doing this week?	你這個星期一直在做什麼
I lost my key somewhere around here.	我的钥匙就是在这附近丢失的
I can swim across the river.	我能游泳過河
We're eating apples.	我们在吃苹果
Tom said that Mary was sleeping.	汤姆说玛丽在睡觉
Tom is a very good man.	汤姆是个很好的人
It seems that no one knew the truth.	貌似没有人知道真相
Love makes the world go round.	爱让世界转动
He has been to Hawaii several times.	他去过夏威夷几次
Tom speaks Japanese better than the Japanese do.	汤姆的日语比日本人说得还要好
I have brown hair.	我的头发是褐色的
Somebody came.	有人来了
She will be the first Japanese woman astronaut.	她將會成為日本第一個女性太空人
I have to find a part-time job.	我必須找一份兼職工作
"Will you have some more coffee?" "No, thanks. I've had enough."	“	你想再来点咖啡吗
I don't like her.	我不喜歡她
My father has been to Australia twice.	我父親曾經去過澳洲兩次
Watching TV is a passive activity.	看電視是一種被動的活動
A couple from Boston was also killed.	来自波士顿的一对夫妇也被杀害了
There's a doghouse in the yard.	院子里的是狗屋
She was almost hit by a car.	她幾乎被車撞到
I told you to get out.	我告诉过你出去
We're finally alone.	终于就剩下我们了
There are some apples in the basket.	籃子裡有一些蘋果
There is no point in pretending to be sick.	装病是没用的
This is neat.	这很棒
I don't think my life is very interesting.	我不認為我的人生很有趣
I'm a member of the swimming club.	我是游泳俱樂部的會員
He is likely to arrive soon.	他可能很快就到了
What's the meaning of this phrase?	這個片語是什麼意思
Please wait till he comes back.	請等到他回來
I haven't eaten for days.	我好多天没吃东西了
That's a great poem.	這是一首很棒的詩
May I go to the movies tonight?	我今晚可以去看電影嗎
This work doesn't pay.	这份工作不付钱的
Making a good start is half the battle.	好的開始是成功的一半
This is not okay.	這個不行
He was alone there.	他獨自在那裡
However hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.	无论我多么努力尝试
According to the newspaper, there was a big fire last night.	根據報導
I have absolute trust in you.	我絕對信任你
She often takes advantage of his ignorance.	她常常利用他的无知
He is wearing gloves.	他戴着手套
Tom wanted Mary to go home.	汤姆想让玛丽回家
Don't leave the water running.	不要讓水一直流
We're getting a new car next month.	下个月我们会有辆新车
I lost my father to a subarachnoid haemorrhage when I was fourteen.	我十四岁的时候
He's my Mr. Right.	他是我的如意郎君
Please think it over.	請考慮一下
As soon as Tom sat down, he started eating.	汤姆一坐下就开始吃东西
You're so stupid.	你真傻
He plays golf every weekend.	他每個週末打高爾夫球
I don't need this at all.	我根本不需要这个
I eat breakfast every morning.	我每天早上吃早餐
I'm very happy to make your acquaintance.	认识您很高兴
At night, she gazed at the moon.	她在夜晚望著月亮
Don't disappoint him.	别让他失望
I can't decide if I'm happy or sad.	我无法确定我是高兴还是难过
That is intriguing.	那真有趣
First, I don't have any money. Second, I don't have the time.	首先
Don't you remember what you said?	自己说过的话都不记得了吗
Have I changed that much?	我变了这么多吗
Between you and me, I think our boss is stupid.	我觉得我们老板很蠢
They don't know anything.	他們什麼都不知道
Keep on smiling.	保持微笑
How much does this hat cost?	这顶帽子多少钱
Although it is snowing, I must go.	虽然正在下雪
There was a large crowd in the park.	公园里有一大群人
Tom has a very friendly smile.	汤姆有很友好的微笑
Could you take a picture of us?	您能好好给我们照一张相吗
How much money do you have?	你有多少錢
You're the best man for the job.	你是做這份工作最好的人選
He left his son a large fortune.	他留給了他的兒子一大筆財富
Tom is one of the most disagreeable people I know.	Tom	是我認識最討厭的人之一
A few minutes later, the telephone rang.	几分钟后
You can use the hotel's swimming pool.	你可以使用旅馆的游泳池
We postponed our departure because of the storm.	我們因為風暴推遲了起程
I visited my friend Tom yesterday.	我昨天拜訪了我的朋友湯姆
She graduated from high school last year.	去年她從高中畢業了
Nobody is too old to learn.	活到老學到老
Her oldest daughter got married.	她的大女兒結婚了
We picked flowers in the garden.	我們在花園裡摘花
What's the meaning of this word?	這個字是什麼意思
I did it.	我做到了
You are a student.	您是學生
How much is the commission?	手续费是多少
She insisted on my paying the bill.	她坚持让我付钱
I'm not at all satisfied with this result.	我對這個結果一點兒也不滿意
I once wanted to be an astrophysicist.	我曾經想過當個太空物理學家
Am I allowed to use this?	能让我用这个吗
We help the poor.	我們幫助窮人
They're trying to control you.	他們設法控制你
It is our obligation to help.	幫助是我們的義務
Japan is smaller than Canada.	日本比加拿大小
Japan depends on other countries for oil.	日本的石油依靠进口
What do you want me to do, Tom?	你想讓我做甚麼
The economy is picking up.	经济在复苏之中
Would you like to eat something?	您想吃点什么吗
My brother is not as tall as I was two years ago.	我弟弟没我两年前高
My father had already finished breakfast when I got up this morning.	我今早起床时
Tom wasn't too happy in those days.	湯姆這些天裡不太高興
Do you want to buy something?	你要买点东西吗
What made you come here so early?	什麼原因讓你這麼早來這裡
My friend asked me if I was feeling all right.	我朋友问我是不是觉得还好
I just wanted to speak to Tom.	我只想跟汤姆说话
English is useful in diplomacy and tourism.	英語在外交和旅遊業方面很有用
It hardly ever snows here in the winter.	這裡的冬天很少下雪
My sister resembles my mother.	我妹妹很像我妈妈
The girl made an awkward bow.	這個女孩做了一把很難使用的弓
Tom's not going to be happy.	汤姆不会高兴
He enjoys watching baseball games on TV.	他喜歡看電視上的棒球比賽
I began playing golf years ago.	幾年前我開始打高爾夫球
You're a beautiful young woman.	你是一个美丽的女人
You should take the number 5 bus.	您应该乘
We have issues we have to deal with.	我們有我們必須解決的問題
What's wrong with you?	你到底怎么回事啊
He denied having taken part in the crime.	他否认参与了犯罪
I hate mosquitoes.	我恨蚊子
We can begin.	我們能開始
Wait for me downstairs.	在楼下等我
Tom embraced his father.	汤姆拥抱了他的父亲
He threw a stone into the pond.	他扔一塊石頭到池塘裡
See you in two days.	后天见
What did you name your son?	你给你儿子起什么名字
Do you have any other questions?	你有任何其他的問題嗎
You have no right to interfere in other people's affairs.	你沒有干涉他人事務的權力
She looked after the children.	她照顧孩子
Tom is a good cook.	汤姆是个好厨师
It's all you can really do.	这是你所能做的一切了
Yesterday I did not play tennis.	我昨天沒有打網球
I don't know what the next step is.	我不知道下一步做什么
Tom likes to make paper airplanes.	汤姆喜欢折纸飞机
You can't be a blood donor.	您不能成为献血者
This is a good place to pitch a tent.	这是搭帐篷的好地方
Tom couldn't see anybody.	汤姆看不到任何人
This is a good newspaper, isn't it?	这是份好报纸
He is playing in his room.	他在自己房里玩
A panel of experts discussed the plan.	一個專家小組討論這個計劃
I wish you good luck.	我祝您好运
We can't just fire Tom.	我们不能仅仅就这样炒了汤姆
Many children die of starvation in Africa.	在非洲有许多孩子死于饥饿
She had a vague feeling of guilt.	她隱約地有一種的內疚感
What time do you start work?	你什么时候开始工作
You didn't need to bring your umbrella.	你不必帶你的傘
I didn't want this.	我不想要這個
Maybe you'll succeed.	也許你會成功
She seems to be unhappy.	她看起来不幸福
I got a shave and a haircut.	我刮了鬍子並理了髮
We're having a party next Saturday.	我們下個星期六將舉行派對
Well begun is half done.	有好的開始
I've got Tom with me.	我和汤姆在一起
Tom has a big appetite.	汤姆胃口很大
It's just what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
The sun is coming up.	太阳升起来了
Can you speak English?	你們會說英語嗎
The kidnapper told me he'd kill Tom if I didn't show up alone.	绑匪告诉我我如果不独自出现他就会把汤姆杀了
He's opposed to racial discrimination.	他反对种族歧视
He went by bicycle.	他騎腳踏車去
It occurred to me that he might be in the library.	我突然想到
I went to three funerals last month.	上个月我参加了三场葬礼
They say there are ghosts in this old house.	據說老房子鬧鬼
I'd like to reserve a room in a hotel.	我想要订房
I have a slight headache now.	现在我有些许头痛
Tom has low blood pressure.	汤姆有低血压
They have been here for an hour.	他們已經在這裡一個小時了
Tom could be Canadian.	汤姆可能是加拿大人
He is the father of three children.	他是三个孩子的父亲
We all consider your idea to be impractical.	我们都认为您的想法是行不通的
It's about time to go to school.	差不多该去学校了
I'm sorry, I left my homework at home.	抱歉
I didn't do anything.	我什么事都没有做
How can we save Tom?	我们怎样才可以救汤姆
He is allergic to house dust.	他對室內灰塵過敏
He is a waiter in a seaside restaurant.	他是一家海滨餐厅的服务员
Have you chosen a major yet?	你选好专业了吗
Tom does not like cheese.	湯姆不喜歡乳酪
He told me that whatever might happen, he was prepared for it.	他告诉我不论发生什么
I'm a citizen of the world.	我是世界公民
He walks his dog every morning.	他每天早晨溜狗
Hey, what are you guys looking at?	嘿
The cost of living has risen.	生活費升高了
Quite a lot of friends and acquaintances have come.	好多朋友和熟人来了
I have a dream.	我有一个梦想
Skating is one of my hobbies.	溜冰是我的嗜好之一
"Who is in the car?" "Tom is."	“	谁在车里
I'm very happy.	我很快乐
How could it be done without my knowing?	怎么可能在我不知道的情况下做完呢
We happened to be on the same train.	我们偶然乘上了同一辆列车
Tom has a 13-year-old daughter.	Tom	有個十三歲的女兒
He is very tall.	他很高
Have you washed your hands yet?	你洗過你的手了嗎
The light turned green.	紅綠燈變成綠色了
See you.	再见
This is my father's.	这是我父亲的
I trust that I can see you again.	我相信我能再見到你
You may be late for school.	您上學可能會遲到
Are you for or against the plan?	你赞成还是反对这个计划
I can't tell if you're joking.	我無法分辨你是否在開玩笑
Are there any messages for me?	有任何給我的訊息嗎
Picasso's paintings seem strange to me.	畢加索的畫對我來說似乎很奇怪
It's very cold here in February.	這裡在二月時非常冷
Pick up the pencil from the floor.	從地上撿起這支鉛筆
Tom hasn't forgiven anybody.	汤姆没原谅过任何人
Could you come to tomorrow's meeting?	你能来参加明天的会议吗
Who is to blame?	是誰的錯呢
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.	他通過駕駛考試的事讓每一個人都覺得驚訝
You run.	你跑
You can delete that now.	你现在可以删除它
I will not do it again.	不会再有下次了
Tom couldn't conceal his disappointment.	汤姆不能掩饰他的失望
The two of you have ruined my life.	你们两个误了我一生
This carpet is superior to that one in quality.	这地毯在质量上比那个好得多
Are you feeling under the weather?	你感觉不舒服吗
I felt incredibly nervous.	我感到万分焦虑
She went to the Takasu clinic.	她去了高須診所
I'm amazed at your fluency in English.	你流利的英语让我很吃惊
Tom runs fast.	汤姆跑得快
Last night, I went to bed without brushing my teeth.	昨天晚上
Tom likes hot curry.	湯姆喜歡辣咖哩
Breathe through your nose.	用你的鼻子呼吸
I didn't get the joke.	我没弄明白这个笑话
My father loves everyone in the world.	我父亲爱世上的每一个人
As far as I'm concerned, things are going well.	据我所知
I would like to go home now.	我現在想回家了
They must have made a mistake.	他們一定是犯錯了
We can't force people to do that.	我們不能強迫人去做
How to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem.	如何克服日元升高是个大问题
She was not in the mood for lunch.	她不想吃午飯
Don't blame the tour guide.	不要怪導遊
Do you eat rice in your country?	在你们国家吃米饭吗
It is imperative for you to act at once.	您必须马上行动
I often hiccup.	我经常打嗝
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.	明天
He is not likely to succeed.	他不可能成功
Where's the telephone book?	电话簿在哪里
Please tell me everything's OK.	請告訴我一切都好
Were you able to do everything you wanted to get done?	你是不是有能力做到你想要完成的所有事情呢
I don't like English.	我不喜歡英語
Tom is writing a letter to his best friend.	汤姆正给他的好友写信
I'll call you back.	我会给你回电话的
The books here are mine.	這兒的書是我的
I just didn't want to go to work yesterday.	昨天我只是不想去工作
What was that you just said?	你刚说了什么
Tom was so drunk that he didn't even recognize me.	汤姆醉得连我都认不出来了
We went swimming at the beach.	我們去海邊游泳
That's really nice.	真好
He has strange ideas.	他有着奇妙的想法
I'd like to be a guitarist.	我想要成为吉他手
We're on our own.	我们得依靠自己
Tom began talking.	汤姆开始说话
He looks young, but actually he is over forty.	他看起来年轻
Everyone knows that Tom's French is good.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
The baby seemed to be in a deep sleep.	那個嬰兒似乎在熟睡中
The room is full of people.	屋里挤满了人
Tom only drinks coffee.	Tom	只喝咖啡
You're doing it right.	你做得對
I had my wallet stolen.	我的钱包被偷了
I am amazed at your audacity.	我对你的大胆感到很惊讶
I do not know how to use it.	我不知道如何使用它
Tom should be happy.	汤姆应该高兴
He's running very quickly.	他跑得非常快
Don't let opportunities pass by.	不要让机会溜走
Even though he has a lot of money, he's not happy.	虽然他很有钱
Close the door, please.	請關上門
Tom didn't write Mary back.	汤姆没回复玛丽
I don't play basketball.	我不打篮球
The police held him in custody.	警方拘留了他
I don't have a partner.	我沒有夥伴
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.	有人穿错了我的鞋
How much is this camera?	這個相機多少錢
There's nothing I like more than swimming.	没有什么比游泳更让我开心
Tom hasn't finished yet.	湯姆還沒完成
They ruined my life.	他们把我的生活毁了
Where is my dad?	我父亲在哪里
I'm not so brave.	我没那么勇敢
She's younger than him.	她比他年轻
I won't see her again.	我不會再見她
It isn't necessary to answer that letter.	沒有必要回那封信
I am not writing a letter.	我沒在寫信
He lives in a cozy little house.	他住在一個舒適的小房子裡
I'm fed up with English.	我受够英文了
It is no use crying over spilt milk.	為濺出的牛奶哭也沒用
His new novel is worth reading.	他的新小說值得一讀
The policeman didn't tow your car away.	警察沒有拖走你的車
Stay off the grass.	不要走在草地上
I'm a liar.	我是个骗子
I explained the matter to him.	我给他解释了这件事
Make a list.	列一个列表
It has nothing to do with you.	跟你沒有關係
I'll call you up later.	我稍後會打電話給你
He is numbered among the greatest scientists in the world.	他是世界上最伟大的科学家之一
I agree with you on this issue.	我同意你對這問題的看法
I didn't sing.	我沒唱歌
He came to my house on the pretext of seeing me.	他打着见我的幌子来了我家
I'm not turning back.	我不回去
In 1497, John Cabot explored Canada.	1497	年
That can't be Mary. She's in the hospital now.	那不可能是玛丽
Not all aliens are bad.	不是所有外星人都坏
I don't know when he'll come.	我不知道他什么时候来
I run every day.	我每天跑步
Tom wasn't injured.	汤姆没受伤
I think it's a really good thing.	我認為它真是好事
Mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven.	Mary	试图把围裙围在腰上
To put it briefly, I do not agree.	简而言之
What he said would happen has happened.	他說會發生的事情已經發生了
I wish I were an only child.	我要是个独子就好了
Tom doesn't drive as carefully as I do.	汤姆不像我这样开车小心
Tom is leaving Boston tomorrow.	湯姆明天離開波士頓
It's too long.	它太長了
Please take a deep breath.	请深吸一口气
There is no reason that I should give up my plan.	沒有理由让我放弃我的计划
I trust him.	我信任他
He is the same age as me.	他和我同岁
Is there any chance that you'll go to Australia next month?	你有下個月去澳大利亞的機會嗎
It's very easy to sound natural in your own native language, and very easy to sound unnatural in your non-native language.	你很容易把母语说得通顺流畅
That's great.	那真是太好了
In the case of fire, dial 119.	遇到火警時
Stop gawking.	别再傻看着
The second lesson is very easy.	第二課非常簡單
I don't have the time or the money.	我沒有時間
I don't see why I had to come along.	我不明白为什么我得跟着去
Tom eats asparagus, but his brother doesn't.	湯姆吃蘆筍
The family is eating breakfast on the balcony.	一家人在陽臺上吃早飯
See you then.	到時候見
Who's the man playing the piano?	那個正在彈鋼琴的男人是誰
That red sweater looks good on you.	你穿那件紅色的毛衣好看
Thanks to both of you.	感谢你们两位
He must have missed the train.	他一定是錯過了這班火車
I seem to have a fever.	我好像发烧了
His wife gave birth to twin boys.	他的妻子生下了一對雙胞胎男孩
I am staying at the hotel for the time being.	目前我待在酒店
I spilled my coffee on the carpet.	我把咖啡倒翻在地毯上了
I don't plan to stay very long.	我沒有打算停留太久
I don't want to participate in the ceremony.	我不想参加典礼
The investigation is under way.	相關調查正在進行中
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.	在明天前完成报告几乎是不可能的
Tom fell off his bike.	汤姆从他的自行车上掉了下来
The sun gives us light and heat.	太陽提供我們光和熱
He always plans a thing out carefully before he does it.	他每件事做之前都會細心計劃
This box is too bulky to carry.	這個箱子太笨重了無法攜帶
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.	住在隔壁的男孩常常很晚回来
Is anyone absent today?	今天有人缺席嗎
I managed to catch the last train.	我設法趕上了最後一班火車
Don't forget smoking is bad for your health.	不要忘记吸烟对你的健康有害
When she was in Los Angeles, she had at least six different jobs.	當她在洛杉磯的時候
I can't afford that.	我买不起那个
Tom's got nothing to hide.	汤姆没有什么可隐藏
Tom has a lot to think about.	汤姆要考虑很多
Tom, have you eaten anything?	汤姆
I must have caught a cold.	我肯定着凉了
That child can count to twenty.	这孩子能数到
I want something cold to drink.	我想喝冷飲
Tom doesn't know how to have fun.	汤姆不知道怎样玩得开心
She is two years older than you.	她比你大兩歲
I should be happy.	我該高興
Tom wants to tell you something.	汤姆想告诉你一些事情
I made several mistakes in the exam.	在這次考試中我犯了幾個錯誤
Let's get together again!	讓我們再聚在一起
He's always been kind to me.	他总是对我很亲切
Tom says he's very rich.	湯姆說他很有錢
My room is just below.	我的房間就在樓下
Where does she want to go?	她想去哪裡
Nothing is really guaranteed.	沒有甚麼是真正有保證的
He kept his promise.	他信守了他的承诺
My vision is getting worse these days.	这些天我的视力正在变差
The strike affected the nation's economy.	罢工妨碍了国家经济
OK. I agree.	好
How long is this visa good for?	這個簽證的有效期限是多久
His life after retirement was unhappy.	他退休後的生活不快樂
I haven't yet collected sufficient materials to write a book.	我還沒有收集到足夠的材料來寫一本書
Africa is a continent; Greenland is not.	非洲是一個大陸
I'm afraid I have to go now.	恐怕我现在得走了
Take a deep breath, please.	請深呼吸
How much was your new computer?	这台电脑你用多少钱买的
If you have something to say, just say it.	你想说就说
I think we should be able to go wherever we want to.	我認為我們應該能去我們想去的地方
Please turn down the radio.	請把收音機關小聲一點
I know how we can help.	我知道我們要怎麼幫忙
All sorts of people live in Tokyo.	各式各樣的人住在東京
Look around.	四处看看
We had lunch at a little coffee shop.	我們在一家小咖啡店吃了午飯
He came.	他来了
Who's the girl at the door?	在门口的女孩是谁
Something did happen.	有什么事发生了
What happened to you yesterday?	你昨天發生了什麼事
I'll never do this again.	我永遠不會再這樣做
Spring will come soon.	春天快來了
This is my younger sister.	这是我的妹妹
Look at that house.	看那个房子
You are in my way.	你擋住了我的路
The opposite sides of a parallelogram are parallel.	平行四边形的对边平行
Tom doesn't talk much.	汤姆说话不多
She left her umbrella in the train.	她把她的雨傘留在火車上了
I wrote a letter.	我写了一封信
Nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner.	没有人明白为什么大象突然攻击了它的主人
She glanced shyly at the young man.	她羞怯地看了一眼那個年輕人
I don't understand what he said.	我不明白他说的话
Blondes earn 7% more than women with any other hair color.	金髮女郎比其他顏色頭髮的女人多賺
Everything is changing.	一切都在变
He took the wrong bus by mistake.	他搭错了车
I'm tired of watching television.	我厌倦了看电视
A wounded whale washed up on the beach.	一条受伤的鲸鱼在海滩边搁浅了
I would like to retract my previous statement.	我想撤回我之前的陈述
I'm considering studying in America next year.	我在考虑明年去美国学习
Does anyone know Tom?	有人認識湯姆嗎
He went to Boston by car.	他坐汽車到波士頓
Oh! That's too bad.	哦
Don't make me wait.	別讓我等著
I had a hard time trying to persuade him to cancel the trip.	说服他中止旅行真是件苦差事
Not everyone noticed.	不是每个人都意识到这点
I got acquainted with the chief executive.	我認識了這位行政長官
Shut the door, please.	請關上門
I don't want to hear any more of your complaining.	我不想再听你抱怨了
Let's not argue.	我們別吵了
If you had a million dollars, what would you do?	你有
Tom is a very good tennis player.	湯姆是一個非常好的網球選手
Tom isn't stupid.	汤姆不傻
We want two taxis.	我們要兩輛出租車
What did you do then?	那你是怎么做的
That wasn't the main reason Tom needed to do that.	这不是汤姆要做那件事的主要原因
Let's go there.	咱去那吧
It's already past ten o'clock.	已經過了十點鐘了
He was arrested for drunken driving.	他因酒後駕駛而被捕
The police are looking into the matter.	警方正在调查
If you can't come, you should let me know ahead of time.	如果你不能來
You need to get ready.	你需要做好准备
This sentence is ambiguous.	此句有歧義
My father is free this afternoon.	我父親今天下午有空
I like traveling.	我喜歡旅行
I'm feeling blue today.	我今天的心情不好
I'm sick.	我生病了
Hold your horses, young man.	握住你的馬
I'll never speak to you again.	我再也不会跟你说话了
Tom'll go.	湯姆要走
Tom studied hard so he could get into college.	汤姆为了上大学努力学习
The patient is steadily recovering.	這個病人正在穩定地康復中
Something is wrong with the brakes.	剎車出了問題
I don't think I've ever made any serious mistakes.	我认为我没犯任何严重的错误
I wanted to show it to you.	我想把它給你看
This watch is waterproof.	這手錶是防水的
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."	"	山洞裡發生了什麼事
It may not be possible.	不太可能
What's the number?	电话号码是多少
I think I should get right to work.	我認為我該馬上去工作
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.	当我学习的时候不要打扰我
Tom was completely exhausted.	湯姆完全筋疲力盡了
We're going to stay in Boston all month.	我們整個月都要待在波士頓
He did not know what to say.	他不知道说什么好
"Where have you been?" "I have been to the station to see a friend off."	“	你去哪儿了
We had to go there together.	我们必须一起去
It snowed for ten consecutive days.	雪持续下了十天
You're such an idiot.	你真是個傻瓜
Tom is blind.	汤姆瞎了
I don't like to swim in pools.	我不喜歡在泳池裡游泳
I told Tom that I thought that it was a good idea.	我和汤姆说了
This is my property.	這是我的財產
We got lost in the woods.	我们在树林中迷路了
I was able to find out his address.	我能找到他的地址
Last month our twenty-year-old daughter gave birth to a baby girl.	上个月
Feel free to ask any questions.	尽管提问
He cleaned his room on Sunday.	他在週日打掃他的房間
I'm watching television.	我在看电视
He will be coming to the party.	他會來參加派對
I'm sorry, I don't have change.	不好意思
The offer is too good to turn down.	此提議好得令人難以拒絕
Many attended his funeral.	很多人都参加了他的葬礼
Mary went down to the kitchen.	瑪麗下樓到廚房
I have nothing better to do.	我没有其他更好的事情去做
I'm looking forward to your visit.	我期待著您的光臨
I'd like to see a doctor.	我要看病
The two nations have strong trade ties.	这两个国家有强大的贸易关系
The meeting will end tomorrow.	会议明天就结束了
Do you hear me?	你听得见吗
I remember my mother teaching me the alphabet.	我记得我母亲教我认字
Tom doubts whether Mary is honest.	湯姆懷疑瑪麗是否誠實
I generally agree with her.	我大致上同意她
We have no reason to feel ashamed.	我们没理由害臊
I borrowed this comic from his sister.	我向他的妹妹借了這個漫畫
The only thing I want to do is go fishing.	我唯一想做的是去釣魚
My grandfather lived to be ninety.	我的祖父活到了九十歲
I don't even know if Tom went to college or not.	我连汤姆有没有上过大学也不知道
I thank you with all my heart.	我衷心感谢您
I'm coming tonight.	我今晚會過去
We're waiting for Tom.	我们在等汤姆
It is raining.	在下雨
Cherry blossoms are very beautiful.	櫻花非常漂亮
She speaks relatively quickly.	她说话相当快
Your room is big.	您的房间很大
I'm an only child.	我是獨生子
Drink this juice.	喝這果汁
Shouldn't you be at school today?	你今天不是应该在学校的吗
He often stays up late at night.	他經常在晚上熬夜
Lake Towada is famous for its beauty.	十和田湖以它的美麗聞名
Don't let anyone enter the room.	不要讓任何人進入這個房間
He can do it better than I can.	他有能力比我做得更好
I had a terrible dream last night.	昨晚我作了一個可怕的夢
Asia is roughly four times the size of Europe.	亚洲的大小约四倍于欧洲
He studied very hard.	他学习非常努力
I'm glad you could come to the party.	我很高兴你能来参加派对
I think watching TV is a waste of time.	我觉得看电视是浪费时间
When I opened the door, I broke the lock.	我开门的时候弄坏了锁
I am playing volleyball now.	我现在在打排球
They set out on a picnic.	他们出发去野餐了
If he doesn't come, we won't go.	如果他不來了
Everybody is supposed to know the law, but few people really do.	每一个人都应该知法懂法
I like fish.	我喜欢鱼
I decided to study every day.	我決定每天用功讀書
Read this.	念这个
This book is worth reading twice.	這本書值得讀兩遍
We know that this is impossible.	我們知道這是不可能的
Write down the medicine you need on this piece of paper.	将你需要的药物写在这张纸上
What's wrong, honey?	出什么事了
I bought her a new car.	我给她买了辆新车
We should be safe here.	我们在这里应该是安全的
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.	婚前張開眼
Did you see the eclipse yesterday?	你看了昨天的月蝕了嗎
My brother won't be at home tomorrow.	我的兄弟明天不在家
How many schools are there in your city?	你們城市有多少個學校
He speaks poor French.	他讲不好法语
There is a bank in front of the station.	车站前有个银行
Tom used to live near Mary.	汤姆以前跟玛丽住得近
I think you need to spend a little more time on your homework.	我觉得你应该多花点时间在作业上
You don't have to buy anything right now.	您现在不必购买任何东西
The police think the burglar entered through a basement window.	警察认为窃贼从地下室窗口进入
Does anyone here speak Japanese?	这儿有人说日语吗
He became a famous singer.	他成为了著名的歌手
I couldn't bear to look at her.	我无法忍受看着她
Tom has lost interest in studying French.	湯姆已經失去學習法語的興趣
He speaks ten languages.	他会讲十门语言
I may be unsociable, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.	我或许不善于社交
I can't find him anywhere.	我在哪儿都没找到他
I didn't get his joke.	我不懂他的玩笑話
I have a lot of problems at the moment.	目前我问题很多
I still don't understand what's happening.	我還是不明白出了什麼事
I don't understand German.	我不懂德语
The only useful answers are those that raise new questions.	只有能提出新问题的回答才是有用的回答
I didn't mean to be selfish.	自私不是我的本意
We should try to avoid imposing our own beliefs on others.	我們應該盡量避免把我們自己的信念強加在別人身上
My sister is shorter than you.	我妹妹比你矮
You shouldn't smoke so much.	你不该抽那么多烟
She can speak three languages.	她會講三種語言
Tom doesn't look like his father at all.	汤姆和他的父亲长得一点也不像
Tom isn't lying.	湯姆沒有說謊
Tom is shy.	汤姆害羞
Tom doesn't eat meat and neither does Mary.	湯姆不吃肉
Just let Tom speak.	就讓湯姆說吧
I can't find my glasses.	我的眼鏡不見了
We're at war with Japan.	我們在跟日本打仗
Tom clenched his fists.	汤姆握紧了他的拳头
There's no one in your bedroom.	你的卧室里没有人
You'd better start now.	你最好現在就開始
Can we lock this door?	我們能鎖門嗎
I'm afraid she won't accept my explanation.	我怕她不會接受我的解釋
She gave me a book for Christmas.	她給了我一本的書作為聖誕禮物
We gather here once a week.	我们每周在这儿聚一次
Why are you two always fighting?	為何兩位總是在打架
Did somebody hit Tom?	有人打汤姆了吗
He may be jogging around the park.	他可能在公園周圍慢跑
Time is money.	时间就是金钱
She plays tennis every day.	她每天都打网球
Tom shot himself in the head.	汤姆拿枪射自己的头
The old man walked with a stick.	這個老人拄著一根拐杖走路
He is not qualified for the job.	他不勝任這份工作
Tom got fatter.	汤姆胖了
She and I are brother and sister.	我和她是兄妹
Go away before they see you here.	在他们看见你之前离开这儿
That's a dumb question.	这是一个愚蠢的问题
Cut the chit-chat and get to work.	別閒聊了
I wish you luck.	祝您好运
She employed a private detective to keep a watch on her husband.	她僱了一個私人偵探看守她的丈夫
My boat is small.	我的船是小的
Tom has decided to become a monk.	汤姆
The lake is deepest at this point.	这是湖的最深处
She made coffee for all of us.	她為我們所有的人煮咖啡
Tom sure talks a lot.	汤姆一定很能讲
Iron is a useful metal.	铁是个有用的金属
It is still fresh in my memory.	我仍然記憶猶新
I've got nothing to hide.	我没什么可隐藏
Tom is the tallest in his class.	湯姆是班上最高的
I don't see any reason why I have to apologize.	我没发现任何我该道歉的理由
She knows how to do the crawl.	她知道怎麼游自由式
I heard a strange sound.	我聽到一聲怪響
Your face is familiar to me.	我對你的臉很熟悉
I would do anything for Tom.	我会为汤姆做任何事
Tom looked around, but saw no one.	Tom	看了看周圍
It cost me 50 dollars to have my watch fixed.	我花了五十美元修好了手表
He wouldn't look at my proposal.	他對我的提議不屑一顧
If it rains on that day, the game will be postponed until the next fine day.	如果那天下雨
People call me Tom.	人家叫我汤姆
I thought you said something.	我觉得你说了什么
She got good grades in English.	她的英文成績很好
My camera was stolen on the train.	我的照相机在火车上被偷了
Days are getting longer.	白天越來越長了
This bomb can kill many people.	这个炸弹可以炸死很多人
She put the dirty dishes in the sink.	她把脏盘子放进水池里
I think it won't succeed.	我認為它不會成功
I'm sorry that I didn't make myself clear.	對不起
Maybe Tom did that.	可能是湯姆做的
You're sick. You have to rest.	你病了
We had a heavy rain last night.	昨晚下了一場大雨
I have a cow.	我有一头母牛
I think you're sitting in my seat.	我想你坐到我的座位了
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be sick.	玛丽不是真病
I'll see you whenever it suits you.	只要你方便
This is the best restaurant that I know.	这是我知道的最好的餐馆
I have to get some sleep.	我必須睡一下覺
Tom began to speak.	汤姆开始说话
Please buy a tube of toothpaste.	請買一支牙膏
Their apples aren't as good as our apples.	他們的蘋果沒有我們的好
Our restaurant is better than that restaurant.	我们的饭店比那家饭店好
It was not long before he got well.	不久後
I'm not very interested in artificial languages.	我对人造语言不是很感兴趣
Tom is still sitting in the waiting room.	汤姆还在等候室里坐着
A string of disasters struck the region.	一連串的災難襲擊這個地區
He acted like a madman.	他表现的像个疯子
I got a good grade in English.	我的英文成績很好
This is the lady who wants to see you.	這位就是誰想見你的夫人
Bring your student ID card.	帶上你的學生卡
Give me a kiss.	吻我
We're looking for him.	我们在找他
My sister is a teacher.	我的妹妹是老师
You don't seem happy.	你看起来不高兴
That boy used to drop in on me.	那男孩儿来访过我家
Tom doesn't like it when people cuss in front of his children.	汤姆不喜欢人们在他孩子面前讲坏话
It is hard to see the sights of Tokyo in a few days.	要看东京的景物只花几天时间是很难的
I think it won't rain tomorrow.	我認為明天不會下雨
May I put it down here?	我可以把它放在这儿吗
Are you doing anything special?	你在做什麼特別的事嗎
I'm staying home.	我在家裡待著
She has never been to Hokkaido.	她從未去過北海道
Reading books is interesting.	看书很有意思
It is impossible to live without water.	生活沒有水是不可能的
I have just finished my homework.	我剛剛完成我的作業
It's warm today, isn't it?	今天很溫暖
Haven't I met you before?	我以前沒見過你嗎
Please don't shoot.	请不要开枪
We didn't know what to do next.	我們不知道下一步要做什麼
Liars must have a good memory.	骗子们必须有好记性
We've done everything possible.	我们尽力了
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.	即使我在学校学习了三年
I'm not very good at golf.	我不太擅长打高尔夫球
It's almost time to go to bed.	差不多是就寢的時間了
I don't like eating meat.	我不喜歡吃肉了
We can see Mt. Fuji clearly today.	今天我們可以清楚地看到富士山
I need to go to the toilet.	我要去廁所
I'm your sister.	我是你的妹妹
I want to sleep.	真想睡过去啊
I'm going to call you tomorrow.	明天我給你打電話
She and I have nothing in common.	我和她沒有共同之處
Let's shake hands.	讓我們握手吧
I want to know where she went.	我想知道她去哪儿了
How old are your kids?	你的孩子多大了
This is a great place to start.	这是个开始的好地方
People must love one another.	人要爱他人
You make me happy.	你讓我快樂
I like Tom, too.	我也喜歡湯姆
The weather is usually hot in July.	七月天氣經常很熱
You don't have to help us if you don't want to.	如果你们不想帮我们可以不用帮
We tried to compromise with them.	我們試著和他們妥協
What were you doing then?	當時你在做什麼
I'm all for it.	我百分之百赞成
They won't allow us to enter the garden.	他们不会允许我们进花园的
I can't bend my right arm.	我無法彎曲我的右手臂
How about you?	您呢
I am convinced that things will change for the better.	我深信事情会往更好的方向转变
Where is the cafeteria?	自助餐厅在哪里
Thank you for the pleasant evening.	謝謝你讓我度過一個愉快的晚上
Are you friends?	你們是朋友嗎
I haven't been getting enough sleep lately.	我最近一直睡眠不足
I've no way of telling whether or not what he says is true.	我无法判断他的话是真是假
He heard a shout.	他聽到了叫聲
One man's meat is another man's poison.	對某人有利的對另外的人未必有利
Tom has been very careful.	汤姆非常谨慎
I'd like a table by the window.	我要一張靠窗的桌子
You're tired, aren't you?	你累了
You don't need money.	你不需要錢
The coral reef is the region's prime attraction.	珊瑚礁是这个地区的主要景点
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.	比萨是种适合现在的生活方式的食物
She will come soon.	她很快就来了
He pretended to be a stupid man.	他假裝是個愚蠢的人
Tom has failed.	汤姆失败了
It rained for a week.	雨下了一周
I think it'll be hot tomorrow.	我觉得明天会很热
I asked him for a favor.	我請他幫忙
He spends lots of money on clothes.	他在衣服上花了很多錢
A wooden building can easily catch fire.	木质房屋很容易着火
Do you really think I look like Tom?	你真的觉得我长得像汤姆吗
Please turn off the light before you go to sleep.	上床睡觉之前请关灯
I would like to speak English fluently.	我想講一口流利的英語
Tom always speaks in such a low voice that I can barely understand what he says.	汤姆总是说话声音太小
Tom was making French fries.	汤姆想做炸薯条
"Tom isn't here." "Then where is he?"	“	汤姆不在那儿
Please write down what he says.	请把他所说的记录下来
There's something in your hair.	你头发上粘着什么东西
Didn't you hear her speaking French?	你沒聽到她說法語嗎
She was only frightened, not injured.	她只是被嚇到了並沒有受傷
I have received a letter from a friend.	我收到了朋友的一封信
Her mother passed away last year.	她的母親去年去世了
Tom has no friends who are willing to help him.	汤姆没有愿意帮助他的朋友
They say she and her husband can't agree on anything.	他們說她和她的丈夫不可能對任何事達成協議
You cannot purchase this medicine without a prescription.	那个药的话没有处方是买不到的
Are you studying?	你們學習嗎
I am not accustomed to speaking in public.	我不習慣在公眾場合說話
London is one of the largest cities in the world.	伦敦是全世界最大的城市之一
Be sure to fill out the registration form in person.	确保亲自填写注册表格
The room was cleaned by Tom.	這房間是由湯姆清掃的
Get them before they get us.	在他们控制我们之前
We're old friends.	我们是老朋友了
Tom said Mary likes to drive.	汤姆说玛丽喜欢驾车
I like your coffee.	我喜欢你的咖啡
She likes walking alone.	她喜欢独自散步
These paintings are different sizes.	這些畫的尺寸不一樣
"I saw her five days ago," he said.	他说
The balloon was caught in the tree.	這顆氣球被樹絆住了
I made her angry.	我讓她生氣
I've got a pacemaker.	我裝了個心臟起搏器
Tom became popular among teenagers as soon as he made his debut on the screen.	汤姆第一次上电视后就广受青少年的欢迎
I played soccer yesterday.	我昨天踢了足球
Tom is a real good man.	汤姆是个很好的人
Nothing special happened.	没发生什么特别的事
It wasn't my fault.	那不是我的錯
I'll let you decide.	我让你来决定
He has more than five dictionaries.	他有五本以上的字典
We often talk about the weather.	我们经常讨论天气
No medicine can cure this disease.	没有药物能够治疗这种疾病
The talks will deal with the problem of pollution.	这场谈论即将对污染问题展开讨论
He has a cold.	他着凉了
Not a day passes without traffic accidents.	交通事故没有一天是不在发生的
We'll do that.	我們會去做
I must make up for the loss.	我必须弥补损失
I feed my cat every morning and every evening.	每天早晚
I must help my mother.	我必須幫忙我母親
The admission is ten dollars a person.	入會費一個人十美元
I didn't know she was married.	我不知道她结婚了
I'll drop by the post office on the way home.	我会在回家的路上顺便去邮局
It is important to help each other.	重要的是要互相幫助
You have a strange sense of humor.	你有种奇怪的幽默感
He never gave up hope that he would reach that goal.	他從沒放棄達成那個目標的希望
I wonder if this is love.	我不知道這是不是愛
Where were you?	之前你在哪里
"What would you like to buy?" "I would like to buy a dog."	“	您想买什么
Can you please close that window?	請您把那扇窗戶關起來好嗎
What are you doing here?	你在這裡做什麼
There's a secret passage on the left.	在左边有一条秘密通道
Which do you prefer, rice or bread?	你比較喜歡哪一個
You have to study hard to catch up with your class.	你必須用功讀書趕上同學
She smiled at her baby.	她對著她的孩子微笑
Tom has a plan.	湯姆有個計畫
She spread the butter on the bread.	她把奶油塗在麵包上
She was a tall, thin girl with long, soft brown hair.	她是個又高又瘦
Who were you talking with?	你和谁说话呢
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.	早饭是一天中最重要的一顿饭
He will be my deputy while I am away.	我不在的时候
He comes back from Sydney today.	他今天從雪梨回來
They seem to have had a good time in Rome.	他們看來在羅馬過了些好日子
Let them learn from us.	让他们向我们学习
Tom said that Mary thought John might be permitted to do that next weekend.	汤姆说玛丽觉得约翰下周末可能被允许那么做
Mary and I plan to have two kids.	Mary	和我計畫生兩個孩子
Obviously, someone is lying.	顯然有人在撒謊
You don't need to answer right away.	你不用马上回答
The situation is improving, so cheer up!	情況正在改善
She got good grades in English.	她在英文上取得了很好的成績
I met your father yesterday.	昨天我見到了你父親
Tom disappeared.	汤姆不见了
Are you certain this is what you want?	你确定这就是你想要的吗
Tom said he's going to tell us what he knows.	湯姆說他要把他知道的告訴我們
Paper catches fire easily.	纸容易着火
I was wrong.	我想错了
I made him carry the suitcase.	我要他提行李箱
How did you enjoy the party?	你在派對上玩得開心嗎
It was my fault.	这是我的错
Please sit down.	請坐下
Learning English is hard work.	學習英語很辛苦
He tries.	他来试试
She has a little bread.	她有点儿面包
I found the boy fast asleep.	我发觉男孩儿酣然入睡了
I don't think that we should go with Tom.	我认为我们不应该跟汤姆一起走
This is the best restaurant I know.	这是我所知道的最好的餐厅
She employed him as a programmer.	她僱用他作程式設計師
Please help me with my homework.	請幫我做我的家庭作業
They kept me waiting for an hour.	他們讓我等了一個小時
He seems quite happy.	他看起来好像很幸福
I'll bring my sister to the party.	我會帶我妹妹去派對
You're the kind of person I'd like to marry.	你是我想嫁的那种人
Is that black bag yours?	那個黑色提包是你的嗎
It can be done in a day.	它可以在一天之內完成
I was shocked by yesterday's news.	昨天的消息讓我感到震驚
It's not easy to distinguish good from evil.	区分善恶不容易
I know Tom is watching me.	我知道湯姆在看着我
Tom works on his own.	汤姆独自工作
Tom probably knew who I was.	汤姆可能知道我是谁
No matter how often I tell her, she keeps making the same mistake.	不管我跟她说了多少次
She will be a famous artist in the future.	她将来会是一个有名的艺术家
Tom has apparently done that already.	很明顯
I read the book from cover to cover.	那本書我從頭到尾看完了
Do you have any smaller sizes?	你有任何比較小的尺寸嗎
Do you want more?	你想要更多嗎
This boy is lazy.	这个男孩子很懒
Thanks to a cold summer, beer has sold poorly.	多虧了冷夏
Are they students?	他們是學生嗎
He shook hands with his friend.	他和他的朋友握手
Mt. Fuji is Japan's tallest mountain.	富士山是日本最高的山
Do you still like me?	你还喜欢我吗
I waste a lot of time daydreaming.	我浪費了很多時間作白日夢
Who has the edge now?	目前谁占上风
I support you whole-heartedly.	我全心全意地支持你
I think it's possible that Tom may come.	我觉得汤姆有可能会来
Where is your dog?	你的狗在哪儿
The colors of the American flag are red, white and blue.	美国国旗的颜色是红白蓝
I'm reformed.	我改过自新了
Have a nice flight.	飞行愉快
South Africa is far away.	南非很远
He finally became the president of IBM.	他終於成了
I've made a mistake.	我犯了一個錯
Having met the girl before, I recognized her at once.	因为曾遇见过那个女孩
He cut down a tree in his garden.	他砍了花园里的一棵树
You must always tell the truth.	你必須永遠說實話
Please eat some cake.	请吃点蛋糕
I don't have a dog.	我没有狗
I have a friend whose father is a famous writer.	我有個朋友的父親是知名的作家
I'm almost done.	我差不多完成了
What did you do last Christmas?	去年圣诞节做了什么了
Would you leave the door open, please?	請你讓門開著好嗎
Let me introduce my mother to you.	讓我向你介紹我的母親
My grandma gave me this necklace.	这条项链是我奶奶送给我的
All of Tom's predictions came true.	汤姆说的预言全部都应验了
It began to snow.	开始下雪了
He hasn't come already, has he?	他並沒有來
Tom and Mary's home is cluttered.	汤姆和玛丽的家很乱
The flash wasn't working, so he couldn't take a picture in the dark.	因为闪光灯坏了
Has Tom gone insane?	Tom	瘋了嗎
There used to be an old temple here.	这里曾是座旧庙
No one knows what'll happen in the future.	沒有人知道未來會發生什麼事
There were a lot of people at the concert.	音乐会上有很多人
I'm starting to agree with you.	我開始同意你的想法了
These dresses are too large.	這些洋裝太大
He is confined to bed now.	他现在卧床不起
There are a few shops next to my house.	我家旁边有几家商店
I don't need you or anybody else.	我不需要你或别的人
I've changed my website's layout.	我改了一下我的网站的布局
You seem to be an honest man.	你看起来像个老实人
Tom said he needed more money.	汤姆说他需要更多钱
The library is on the second floor.	圖書館在二樓
The bad weather affected his health.	恶劣的天气对他的健康带来了影响
Farmers always complain about the weather.	农民总是抱怨天气
There's an alley behind my house.	我家後面有條衚衕
He should have done it that way.	他该那样做完了
Tom is reading a short story.	汤姆在读短篇小说
I promise it won't happen again.	我保證它不會再發生
How did you get to know Mary?	你怎麼認識瑪麗的
Don't forget to take the first-aid kit.	别忘了带上急救箱
Thanks for your hard work.	感谢你的劳碌
Tom was there this morning.	汤姆早上去过那里
Aren't you supposed to be at school today?	你今天不是应该在学校的吗
She gets up at seven.	她早上
You and I have something in common.	你和我有一些共同点
He doesn't know how to swim.	他不會游泳
What could go wrong?	什么可以出岔子
I have something to give you.	我有些东西要给你
A blast of cold air swept through the house.	冷空氣疾風席捲整棟房子
As soon as the door opened, they ran away.	门一开
She decided to marry him.	她决定和他结婚
You could say that.	你可以这么说
Tom is quite thin, isn't he?	汤姆真瘦
None of this makes any sense.	這裡頭沒有一件事說得通
We were in danger of losing our lives.	我们一度有失去生命的危险
Trees do not grow on prairies.	樹不會長在草原上
She earns 30 dollars per day.	她每天挣
That furniture is my mother's.	那個家具是我母親的
When did you get back from your trip?	你什么时候旅游回来的啊
He retired to his own room after supper.	他在吃过晚餐后回到了自己的房间
I need to go to sleep.	我必须睡了
What do you want to tell me?	你想跟我说什么
It's just your imagination.	这只是你的想象
It's time to wait now.	现在是时候等着了
This is the only book I have.	这是我仅有的一本书
Tom told Mary his age.	湯姆告訴瑪麗他的年齡
I'm about ready.	我快好了
Your parents didn't come, did they?	你的父母沒來
Tom never recovered completely.	汤姆从来没完全恢复
We studied the government's economic policy.	我们研究了政府的经济政策
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.	如果你想做对一件事
He's your friend.	他是你的朋友
Where are my glasses?	我的眼镜在哪里
Didn't I tell you so?	我不是告訴過你了嗎
Don't let him play with your phone.	別讓他玩你的手機
Do you need help carrying anything?	你需要幫忙拿東西嗎
Without water, we cannot exist.	没有水
Did Tom say who?	汤姆说是谁了吗
They speak English and French in Canada.	在加拿大
It looks like Tom has a crush on Mary.	看来汤姆热恋着玛丽
Tom made a list of places he wanted to visit.	汤姆列了他想去的地方的名单
Where is the ticket window?	售票窗口在哪裡
I know life is short.	我知道生命是短暂的
I always drink a cup of coffee in the morning.	在早晨
You'd be surprised what you can learn in a week.	你会很惊讶你在一周内能学到的东西
You have done very well.	你做得很好
More than 40 percent of students go on to university.	40%	以上的学生去读大学
Do you study English?	你学英语吗
I can't find my wallet.	我找不到我的錢包了
She got out of the car.	她下了車
Swimming develops your muscles.	游泳锻炼肌肉
He agrees with my opinion.	他同意我的意見
Tom encouraged Mary to try again.	汤姆鼓励玛丽再去尝试一次
Japan is a leader in the world's high-tech industry.	日本是世界高科技产业的领头人
When does Tom eat breakfast?	汤姆什么时候吃早饭
Do you believe that God exists?	你相信神存在嗎
She folded up the towels and put them away in the cupboard.	她把毛巾折叠好再放入柜子里
She has been absent since last Wednesday.	从上周三起
What's the width of this road?	這條路的寬度是多少
How about dining out tonight?	我们今晚出去吃怎么样
Tom's coach likes him.	汤姆的教练喜欢他
He reluctantly agreed to my proposal.	他不情愿地同意了我的提案
He seldom goes to church.	他很少去教堂
When did this happen?	这事是什么时候发生的
He suggested that we go for a swim.	他提议大家一起去游泳
Who did you talk with?	你和谁说话呢
My father is an office worker.	我父親是一名辦公室職員
I owe a lot of money.	我欠了很多钱
Tom and Mary switched places on the bench.	汤姆和玛丽在长凳上交换了位置
He was able to solve the problem.	他能解決這個問題
They like apples.	他们喜欢苹果
Speak more slowly so that we can understand you.	请讲慢一点
Tom admitted he had killed Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
You are taller than she is.	你們比她高
Tom thinks that Mary may have an eating disorder.	汤姆认为玛丽可能有进食障碍
Where do the airport buses leave from?	机场大巴从哪里出发
My parents usually speak to each other in French, even though my mother is a native English speaker.	我父母通常用法语对话
What on earth are you doing in my room?	你到底在我房间里干什么
We gave him up for dead.	我們為死者放棄了他
You'll find a job.	你会找到工作的
We're not in Boston.	我們不在波士頓
She gave out a sigh of relief.	她鬆了一口氣
To distinguish right from wrong is difficult.	要分清是非是困難的
I'll never make it.	我做不到
Do you have a child?	你有孩子嗎
She went to Mexico by herself.	她独自一人去了墨西哥
She gets up late on Sunday mornings.	她每週日早上很晚起床
How do you make money?	你怎麼賺錢
It'll soon be three o'clock.	很快就要三點鐘了
Got it?	你懂了吗
Tom told me Mary is leaving tomorrow.	汤姆和我说明天玛丽会离开
I had a lot of fun.	我玩得很開心
Everyone attacked my opinion.	每個人都抨擊我的意見
That's mine.	那是我的
We looked out the window, but we didn't see anything.	我们看了窗外
I often went fishing with him.	我經常和他去釣魚
We may be late for school.	我們上學可能會遲到
I am not wearing any underwear.	我沒穿內衣
All you can do is trust one another.	你们除了信任对方
The city was full of starving soldiers.	城市裡充滿了飢餓的士兵
Lots of famous people come here.	許多名人來這裡
I'm not sure of the exact date.	我不确定确切的日期
I often drink tea.	我经常喝茶
Pride goes before a fall.	骄傲使人落后
I just don't want to marry Tom.	我只是不想和汤姆结婚
He likes jazz and so do I.	他喜欢爵士乐
I have a pair of shoes.	我有一双鞋
I don't want to hear your theories.	我不想听你的理论
Buy me a snack.	帮我买点零食吧
He doesn't need to work.	他不需要工作
It is impossible to master English in a short time.	不可能短时间内学会英语
Have you ever been stuck in an elevator?	你有沒有被困在電梯裡過
Don't put anything on top of the box.	不要放任何東西在箱子上面
My uncle gave me a gift.	我叔叔送了我一样礼物
She does nothing but complain.	她什麼都不做只會抱怨
The volcano has become active again.	這座火山又開始活動了
Are there any direct flights between Boston and Sydney?	请问波士顿和悉尼之间有直飞航班吗
They are leaving Japan tomorrow.	明天他們將離開日本
How much does he earn in a month?	他每个月挣多少
Many people envy Tom's success.	许多人嫉妒汤姆的成功
Oh! I'm sorry to hear that.	哦
That's a shame.	那是一個恥辱
I am glad to see her.	见到她我很高兴
Did you play tennis yesterday morning?	你昨天上午打网球了吗
This fish is delicious.	这条鱼很美味
Tom is afraid to ride the subway.	汤姆害怕坐地铁
You have nice skin.	你的皮膚真好
My father is sweeping the garage.	我父親正在清掃車庫
I'm awfully sorry that I was late.	非常抱歉
Tom wasn't hurt.	汤姆没受伤
What's up with you?	你怎么了
Many of the workers died of hunger.	许多工人死于饥饿
You shouldn't eat here.	你不该在这里吃饭
You have no need to be ashamed.	你不需要害羞
He's my new friend.	他是我新交的朋友
What time will the game start?	比赛几点开始
It was a cold night.	夜晚很冷
You're on the right track.	你在正確的軌道上
When did she get married?	她什么时候结婚的
She gave me plenty to eat.	她給了我很多吃的東西
He speaks both English and French.	他會講英語和法語
Tom asked Mary to stop working.	湯姆要求瑪麗停止工作
In front of the train station there's a bank.	车站前有个银行
Has she ever fallen in love?	她曾经坠入过爱河吗
How are things at work?	工作怎么样
We can't promise anything.	我们什么都不能承诺
Do you have plans for tonight?	今晚有什么计划吗
There's no money left in my bank account.	我的银行账户里没留下钱
She was busy with housework.	她忙於家務
You must think I'm stupid.	你肯定认为我傻
Tom wants children, but Mary doesn't.	汤姆想要孩子
My house is close to the park.	我的房子靠近公園
You are your own worst enemy.	你是你自己最大的敌人
I'll stay until tomorrow.	我會留到明天
What kind of woman do you think I am?	你认为我是哪种女人
I had a good night's sleep.	我睡了一整夜的好觉
I don't mind if it's a little cold.	稍微冷一点没关系
She resembles her aunt.	她长得像她姑姑
It is up to you.	由你來決定
I didn't know what to do.	我不知道該怎麼辦
No less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work.	这个工作需要不低于
We'll be profitable this year.	今年我们会盈利的
Tom was caught driving without a license.	Tom	被抓到無照駕駛
Will you please hold this edge?	能不能请你拿着这端
I'm not used to speaking in public.	我不習慣在公眾場合說話
Here are your keys.	把你的钥匙给你
Do you have to make dinner?	你必须做晚饭吗
I've just returned from the post office.	我刚从邮局回来
Let's take a break now.	现在休息一下
My father repaired my old watch.	我父親修理了我的舊手錶
This car needs to be washed.	这辆车需要清洗
I wish I could buy a motorcycle.	但願我能買一輛摩托車
I know why Tom is in trouble.	我知道汤姆为什么遇上麻烦了
Can you tell me a little about yourself?	你能稍微告诉我关于自己的事情吗
We're out of stock now.	我们现在缺乏库存
I made his son a new suit.	我給他的兒子做了一套新西裝
Your voice reminds me of my late grandmother.	我的声音让我想起了我已故的祖母
Why should it be necessary?	为什么它是必要的
We'll change trains at the next station.	我們會在下一站換火車
You guys looked mad.	你們那時候看起來在生氣
He hid it behind the door.	他把它藏在了门后
What have you done with my pen?	你把我的筆怎麼了
People in the United States speak English.	在美國的人說英語
What's your favorite way to cook potatoes?	你最喜歡用什麼方式煮馬鈴薯
I'd like to buy half a cake.	我想买半个蛋糕
Lonely people tend to be afraid of meeting others, which ensures they will always be lonely.	孤獨的人會孤獨
I'm not the boss.	我不是老闆
Stop pulling your sister's hair.	别再扯你姐姐的头发了
This chair is ugly.	這把椅子很醜
The quickest means of travel is by plane.	旅行最快的方式是乘飞机
Turn on the light, please.	請開燈
May I eat this orange?	我可以吃這個柳橙嗎
I like rice more than bread.	比起面包
I don't like the way you talk to me.	我不喜歡你和我說話的口氣
Your reason is very good.	你的理由很充分
Where is your house?	你們家在哪
The dog is blind in one eye.	這隻狗的一隻眼睛瞎了
I don't have any change.	我没任何零钱
I have no excuse.	我没有借口
I'm not good at math.	我的數學不好
How do you say that in Italian?	那个词用意大利语怎么说
Tom is meeting Mary this afternoon.	汤姆今天下午将会见玛丽
The rope broke under the strain.	繩子被拉斷了
There's bamboo growing in the garden.	花園裡有竹子在生長
Stop worrying.	别担心了
He's an old friend of mine.	他是我的一位老朋友
This is not something that anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
I'll leave this work to you.	我會把這個工作留給你
That's my aim.	这是我的目的
Tom has large hands.	汤姆的手大
They say that love is blind.	人们说爱情是盲目的
How many books does he have?	他有多少册图书
I'm looking for a warm, woolen skirt.	我想找一件溫暖的羊毛裙
This isn't safe.	这不安全
I lost my fountain pen.	我把我的鋼筆弄丟了
Hunger is the best sauce.	饑餓是最好的調味品
Do you want to eat noodles or rice?	你吃面条还是吃饭
Did Tom give any other suggestions?	汤姆提出其他建议了吗
What's your phone number?	您的手机号码是多少
Nobody likes war.	没有人喜欢战争
That isn't the problem.	不是这个问题
Let me know if I need to change.	让我知道我是否需要改变
I share a bedroom with my sister.	我跟我姐姐共用同一間臥房
Suddenly, the light went out.	灯突然灭了
Could I have a subway map, please?	給我一張地下鐵的路線圖好嗎
How did you meet Tom?	你是怎麼見到湯姆的
That mountain is covered with snow.	這座山被雪所覆蓋
The telephone was invented by Bell.	电话是由贝尔发明的
I think you're a really nice guy.	我認為你真的是一個好人
There's no need to reply to that letter.	沒有必要回那封信
I find that it's typical for him to come too late.	我發現他就是會很晚才來這樣的人
Buddhism originated in India.	佛教來自印度
I'll show you around the town.	我會帶你逛逛這個鎮
Did you make any New Year's resolutions?	你有沒有許下什麼新年願望
I'll feed the dog.	我要喂狗
I will give you whatever you want.	我會給你任何你想要東西
I don't know how to put it in Japanese.	我不知道这个用日语该怎么说
What happened then?	然後發生了什麼事
Are you done?	你做好了嗎
Tom said he hasn't decided what needs to be done.	湯姆說他還沒決定要做甚麼
What're you watching?	你在看什么
Algebra is my favorite subject.	代數是我最喜歡的科目
She greeted me with a smile.	她用一个微笑迎接了我
She is looking for her car keys.	她在找她的車鑰匙
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be intoxicated.	汤姆告诉玛丽她应该停止假装醉酒
Tom put the large picnic basket on the passenger seat next to him.	汤姆把那个大野餐篮子放在他旁边的乘客座位上
One is new, and the other is old.	一个是新的
It's time to talk.	到談話的時間了
You must go to bed now.	你現在必須上床睡覺
Could you send me a brochure?	你能寄宣傳冊給我嗎
I hear that she's a famous actress.	我聽說她是個有名的演員
She is upset.	她心情不好
Is there a youth hostel near here?	附近有没有青年旅舍
You live and learn.	你一面生活一面學習
These pictures were painted by him.	這些畫是他畫的
There are many Americans who can speak Japanese.	有很多美国人会说日语
Stop shooting.	停止射击
I believe you.	我相信你
Hippopotamuses love water.	河马喜欢水
Would you please write with a ballpoint pen?	你能用圆珠笔写吗
Tom told me his father had passed away.	汤姆告诉我他父亲去世了
Switzerland is famous for its scenic beauty.	瑞士以它的風景優美而聞名
I don't mind hot weather.	我不在乎炎熱的天氣
I really like what I do.	我真喜欢我做的事
I've never heard of Tom.	我從沒聽說過湯姆
We have enough food.	我們有足夠的食物
She disliked him.	她不喜歡他
All of my attempts have failed.	我所有的尝试都失败了
We're hiding.	我们在藏着
I had my brother repair my bicycle.	我让我哥修理我的自行车
Hurry up! We'll be late.	快點
Tom and his friends played basketball all afternoon.	汤姆和朋友们打了整个下午篮球
That is rather unexpected.	这真是很意外
That tie goes well with your shirt.	那條領帶很適合你的襯衫
I stayed up all night again.	我又熬夜了
I almost never lie.	我幾乎從不說謊
Without you, I'm nothing.	沒有你
It's quarter to eight now.	现在是
Did you enjoy yourself at the party last night?	你在昨晚的聚會上盡興了嗎
No one came.	没有人来了
I plan to go there.	我打算去那裡
Tom has to stay behind.	汤姆必须留下
There was a sudden change of plan.	計劃突然改變
Tom wasted time.	湯姆浪費時間
In which folder did you save the file?	你把文件存到哪个文件夹了
This is the house where she used to live.	这是她曾经住过的房子
I didn't understand anything you just said.	你刚刚说的
He doesn't like traveling by air.	他不喜歡搭飛機旅行
Beer is taxed according to its malt content, so low-malt beer is cheaper.	因为啤酒会根据麦芽含量去征税
Have a pleasant journey.	旅途愉快
I want to emphasize this point in particular.	我想特别强调这一点
He went by bicycle.	他是騎自行車去的
Will he be here soon?	他很快就會到這裡嗎
I haven't eaten anything for days.	我好多天没吃东西了
This one's still alive.	這一個還活著
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.	昨天的董事會會議是一個大成功
She was asked to write her name in ink.	她被要求用墨水写下她的名字
I'll call you up tomorrow.	明天我會打電話給你
Everybody was surprised.	所有人都很吃惊
My father grew old.	我父亲变老了
He lived in the center of London.	他住在倫敦市中心
Tom plays chess better than me.	汤姆下国际象棋比我好
He was determined to go abroad.	他下定決心要出國了
Yes. That's right.	是的
I agree with him on that point.	我在那一個觀點上同意他
Tom is the only one who has a camera.	汤姆是唯一一个有相机的人
She bought two pounds of butter.	她買了兩磅的奶油
Write everything down.	把所有東西寫下來
Mary succeeded in her studies.	玛丽在研究上成功了
You're really beautiful.	你真的很漂亮
My girlfriend cried.	我女朋友哭了
Does Tom speak French better than Mary?	湯姆說法語比瑪麗好嗎
The door was locked from within.	這門從裡面被反鎖了
I so wanted to believe that.	我很想相信
I didn't play tennis yesterday.	我昨天沒有打網球
My brother is holding a camera in his hand.	我弟弟手里拿着一个摄像机
That's right!	對了
I just need you to come with me.	我只要你跟我来
He somewhat resembles his father.	他有点像他的父亲
Stay out of my business.	别管我的事
Tom can't afford this.	汤姆买不起这个东西
You're in my way.	你擋住了我的路
Why would she lie?	她為甚麼要說謊
The x-ray showed two broken fingers.	X	光片显示两根手指断了
Is anything bothering you?	有什么事让你烦心吗
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.	書是為了那些希望自己在另一個地方的人
I know those women.	我認識那些女人
Do you go to church?	你去教堂嗎
You're being too modest.	你太谦虚了
Automobiles are made in factories.	汽车在汽车工厂里生产
Does Tom live in Boston?	汤姆住在波士顿吗
It seems obvious that he is sick.	似乎很明顯他病了
I like apples better than oranges.	相对于橙子
Why's Tom always so grumpy?	汤姆脾气为什么总这么坏
It's not going to take long.	不會花很多時間的
He lives somewhere about here.	他住在這附近某個地方
I met him while I was coming home.	當我回家時
My grandfather is a carpenter.	我爺爺是個木匠
She's usually home on Sundays.	周日她通常在家
He worked in a big city hospital.	他在一間很大的市立醫院工作
He insured himself.	他給自己投了保險
Eat up all your spinach!	把你的菠菜都吃掉
Which do you prefer, spring or autumn?	春天和秋天
I hear from my mother once in a while.	我时不时得到母亲的消息
She is a noted singer.	她是一个著名的歌手
Tom wants a glass of water.	汤姆想要一杯水
Acid rain is not a natural phenomenon.	酸雨不是自然现象
Only six people were present at the party.	只有六個人參加了派對
Tom has a high-pitched voice.	汤姆声音尖
He's sitting at an empty table.	他坐在一张空桌旁
The walls are covered with blood.	墙上沾满了血
I wasn't yet married at that time.	那個時候我還沒有結婚
How high can you jump?	您能跳多高
Are you a doctor?	你是不是医生
He traveled on business.	他旅行洽商
Bright ideas never occur to me.	我總想不出什麼好點子
He wrote one letter.	他写了一封信
"How do you feel?" he asked.	“	你感觉怎么样
I guess most of them went home.	我猜他們大多數回家了
Another Scotch and water, please.	麻煩再來一杯威士忌和加水
You're the only person I can trust.	你是我唯一可以信任的人
Hard work and dedication will bring you success.	努力工作和敬业精神會使你成功
He leaned on his elbows.	他把身子靠在胳膊上
Tom stopped me from entering the bank.	汤姆阻止我进银行
Who painted this beautiful picture?	誰畫了這幅美麗的圖畫
I might say yes.	我可能会说是
Tom was mistaken.	汤姆错了
I laughed.	我笑了
What's in front of you?	在你面前是什麼東西
Who's in charge of the sales section?	谁负责销售部门
All you can do is to wait.	所有你能做的就是等待
It's night.	是晚上了
Someone tapped me on the shoulder.	有人拍了拍我的肩膀
Move over.	腾一下地方
She writes to me once a month.	她一个月写一次信给我
How much is this?	多少錢
Please wash it.	请清洗它
The rain stopped us from being able to play tennis outside.	由于下雨
She doesn't like going to school.	她不喜欢去学校
It's snowing heavily.	雪下得很大
I prefer red wine to white.	我喜歡紅葡萄酒勝過白葡萄酒
Tom told me he was Canadian.	汤姆告诉我他是加拿大人
The President spoke to the nation on TV.	总统在电视上对国民讲话
Fortune smiled on him.	好运向他露出了笑容
You're dumb.	你很愚蠢
World War II lasted from 1939 to 1945.	第二次世界大战从
He makes his living by singing.	他以唱歌為生
I've finally got the whole set!	我終於擁有了一整套
They make frequent trips to Europe.	他們經常去歐洲
The ship was flying the American flag.	這艘船掛著美國國旗
I'm waiting for him.	我在等他
I haven't seen him since then.	從那時起我就沒有看到他
They were left speechless.	他们惊得目瞪口呆
I'm always thirsty.	我总觉得渴
The precise time of their arrival is not known.	他們到逹的確切時間還未定
No, I didn't write it.	不
I would like to have a cup of coffee.	我想喝一杯咖啡
She refused to do what they wanted.	她拒絕做他們想要的事
I'll do anything.	我什么都愿意做
A bridge was built across the river.	人們修了一座橋過河
He's a very romantic boyfriend who brings me flowers each night.	他是个非常浪漫的男友
I see her sweeping the room.	我看见她在打扫房间
Would you like bacon or sausage?	你要培根还是要香肠
Where are the strawberries?	草莓在哪裡
Were you able to do it?	你有能力去做这个吗
I'll try harder next time.	下次我會更加努力
I have eight brothers and sisters.	我有八個兄弟姐妹
There will be snow tomorrow.	明天會下雪喔
I knew this day was coming.	我知道這天要來
I want to get drunk.	我想喝醉
What is the total amount of money you spent?	你一共花了多少钱
I haven't eaten for many days.	我好多天没吃东西了
Well, let's get the ball rolling.	那麼
Tom is afraid to go out alone at night.	汤姆害怕晚上一个人出门儿
You used to be able to see the church from here.	你以前可以從這裡看到教堂
Tom and Mary have a very good relationship.	汤姆和玛丽关系很好
You can visit me whenever you want.	只要你喜歡
Who did you speak with?	你和谁说话呢
When listening to a lecture, you should be quiet.	听讲座时
I can't explain it either.	我也无法解释
We live in the United States.	我們住在美國
I study English.	我学英语
It's too late to call Tom now.	现在很晚了
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.	這本書是給母語不是日語的學生的
Let's take a look.	讓我們看看吧
Many people were waiting in line.	許多人在排隊等候
I had to work overtime yesterday.	我昨天必須加班
According to the radio, it will snow tomorrow.	据广播里讲
People usually don't like what they don't understand.	人们通常不喜欢他们不理解的事物
Where are you from?	你是哪裡的人
I had a phone call from him.	我接到了他打來的電話
I've been looking for my tripod.	我一直在找我的三腳架
Thank you for baking this delicious cake.	谢谢你烤的美味蛋糕
I'm not tired right now.	我现在不累
I'm going to study French.	我要学法语
What do you like to do in your free time?	您空闲时间喜欢做什么
He has a wife and two young children to provide for.	他有一个妻子和两个孩子要养活
You know quite a lot about Sumo.	你對相撲知道得很多
Mass production reduced the price of many goods.	大量生產降低許多商品的價格
Tom is smart.	汤姆脑子好使
Am I in your way?	我礙著你了嗎
He can scarcely write his name.	他很难写他的名字
I eat here.	我在這裡吃
I'm taking an exam in January.	我一月份要参加考试
Tom was puzzled by what Mary said.	汤姆被玛丽说的话给难倒了
The weather was not only cold, but also wet.	天气又冷又湿
It's impossible.	這是不可能的
I suspected that Tom was interested.	我怀疑汤姆也感到兴趣
Where there's a will, there's a way.	有志者事竟成
We're Canadians.	我們是加拿大人
They buried him in the graveyard by the church.	他們把他埋葬在教堂旁的墓園
Tom is a little depressed.	汤姆有点沮丧
This is the best restaurant I know of.	这是我所知道的最好的餐厅
Please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail.	收到此邮件后请尽快给我答复
Tom didn't buy any bread.	湯姆甚麼麵包也沒有買
I bought a round-trip ticket.	我买了往返的票
I'm sure they can hear us.	我確定他們能聽到我們說的話
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.	山坡上有一间村屋
That's exactly what I've been telling Tom.	那就是我告诉汤姆的
She came to Tokyo when she was 18.	她
Did anyone call me while I was out?	我出去的时候有人打我电话吗
Tom is very courageous, isn't he?	汤姆非常勇敢
Don't laugh.	别笑
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part.	奥运会最重要的不是获胜
I'll call you later.	我晚点打给你
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.	以眼還眼
Both of Tom's parents passed away when he was quite young.	汤姆很小的时候父母就都去世了
He earns his living by writing.	他靠寫作謀生
I think exams ruin education.	我认为考试破坏教育
This hotel doesn't have a swimming pool.	這個酒店沒有游泳池
I changed my address last month.	上個月我換了我的地址
What have you come here for?	你们来这儿干嘛
Go on home.	回家吧
Tom had no family.	过去汤姆没有家
She can sing and dance beautifully.	她會唱歌而且舞跳得很美
Tell me again.	重新告訴我
I'm going to the park.	我去公園
We all miss you very much.	我们都非常想你
The nurse will tell you how to do it.	护士会告诉你怎么做
I got this bicycle for free.	我免費得到了這輛自行車
It's not raining.	不在下雨
Demand for occupational therapy has surged in recent years.	这几年对作业疗法的需求在迅速增长
Thank you for coming to meet me.	謝謝你來跟我見面
Tom has a very strong French accent.	汤姆说话的法国腔很重
Tom gave Mary a nice present.	湯姆給了瑪麗一個不錯的禮物
I usually go to school by bicycle.	我通常騎自行車去上學
I do not love him anymore.	我已经不爱他了
Everyone knows Bell invented the telephone.	任何人都知道贝尔发明了电话
Compared to yours, my car is small.	和你的车比起来
Tom needed to wash his car.	湯姆需要洗他的車
Don't you feel cold?	你不冷吗
I'm going to the airport.	我去機場
I wonder if they'll get divorced.	我不知道他們是否會離婚
I was at home most of the day yesterday.	我昨天大部分时间在家
I'm a student.	我是學生
Can I carry this on the plane?	我能把这个东西带到飞机上吗
Smoke is rising from the chimney.	煙從煙囪上升
Tom has been under a great deal of strain lately.	汤姆最近压力特别大
I wish you luck.	祝你好运
Training will be provided.	会有训练
The family ate dinner together.	家裡人一起吃了晚飯
His shirt was stained with sauce.	他的衬衫被酱汁弄脏了
Have you finished your lunch yet?	你吃完你的午飯了嗎
I saw what Tom did.	我見識到了湯姆的作為
I don't know and I don't want to know.	我不知道
At that time, Tom was sitting between Mary and John.	在那个时候
What does this mean?	这是什么意思
I caught three fish yesterday.	昨天我釣了三條魚
Why does Tom call me Mary?	为什么汤姆叫我玛丽
It's valid until March thirty-first, nineteen-ninety-seven.	有效期到
She has been dead for ten years.	她已經死了十年了
She has a lot of work to do.	她有很多事要做
They all looked for the lost child.	他們都在尋找這個失蹤的孩子
Printing ink is in short supply.	油墨快没了
I do not know whether to accept or to refuse.	我不知道是否該同意或拒絕
It isn't easy to write a love letter in English.	用英文写情书不容易
Do you go to a private school?	你在私立学校读书吗
I bought a kite to give to you.	我買了一個風箏給你
Mary set the basket on the table.	瑪麗把籃子放在桌子上了
Mastering a foreign language calls for patience.	精通一種外語需要耐心
Where's your hat?	你帽子在哪儿
There is only one bath towel.	只有一條浴巾
I have to buy Christmas gifts.	我必须要买圣诞礼物了
Tom doesn't like me.	汤姆不喜欢我
Today was fun.	今天很有趣
Please get me a scrap of paper.	請給我一張廢紙
She made him a new coat.	她為他做了件新大衣
There were two pieces of cake.	那有两块蛋糕
We need your help.	我們需要你的幫忙
I am the fastest runner.	我是最快的跑者
My laptop crashed.	我的笔记本电脑发生故障了
Are you a teacher?	你是不是老师
The mirror was shattered.	镜子被摔碎了
He may come tomorrow afternoon.	他明天下午可能會來
Tom can't walk.	汤姆不能走路了
What time does the play begin?	演出什么时候开始
I'm sorry.	我很抱歉
Don't you know what happened yesterday?	你不知道昨天發生什麼事嗎
He made his son a wealthy man.	他使他儿子成了个有钱人
Tom asked me stay behind.	汤姆让我留下
I fell asleep while reading.	我看书的时候睡着了
How do you like this whisky?	你觉得这威士忌怎么样
In my opinion, she is correct.	在我看來
You're the one who suggested that we do that together.	你是那個建議我們一起做那件事的人
He did not eat anything yesterday.	他昨天沒有吃任何東西
She's wearing a hat.	她戴著一頂帽子
He's an expert in astronomy.	他是个天文学专家
This is the book you're looking for.	这是你要找的书
Everybody knows that he is honest.	大家都知道他是誠實的
I bought a pen like yours yesterday.	我昨天买了一支像你那样的笔
That boy over there is probably Tom's brother.	那边的那个男孩很可能是汤姆的兄弟
Tom finished college last year.	湯姆去年上完了大學
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems.	近来咖啡的短缺造成了许多问题
He couldn't wait to try out his new surfboard.	他迫不及待地想试一下他的新冲浪板
She writes beautifully.	她的筆跡很美
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.	說英語的時候不要怕犯錯
Tomorrow's weather should be sunny with occasional rain.	明天天气晴转阵雨
Do not give in to those demands.	不要屈服於這些要求
My father is a skilled fisherman.	我爸爸是个钓鱼高手
I don't know what time it is.	我不知道現在幾點鐘
You have to come with me.	你必須跟我來
I've been busy repairing things.	我一直在忙着修东西
That's what I have to do.	那是我必須做的
The company went bankrupt.	公司破产了
What exactly happened there?	那裡究竟發生了什麼事
There is no cause for complaint.	没有理由抱怨
Tom hasn't done anything.	汤姆什么都没做
Can we talk in private?	我们能私下谈谈吗
Tom might be here by 2:30, but then, maybe not.	tom	两点半可能会到
No pain, no gain.	苦盡甘来
It's the middle of the night. Why aren't you asleep?	三更半夜不睡觉
My business has at last gotten on the right track.	我的生意終於上了軌道
His advice didn't help much.	他的忠告没起到太大的作用
We should call the police.	我們應該叫警察來
Thank you for your invitation.	感謝您的邀請
Did you watch the soccer game on television?	你在电视上看足球赛了吗
She is getting better day by day.	她一天一天地好轉
I'm as tall as my father.	我跟我父親一樣高
How lucky you are!	你运气多好啊
It is just your imagination.	那只是你的想象
She is a computer programmer.	她是程序员
What do you think about this plan?	你覺得這個計劃怎麼樣
Tom knows you better than he knows anyone else.	湯姆對你的瞭解比對其他人都清楚
I wish I'd married another man.	我要是嫁给别人就好了
How much does this cost?	多少錢
There's something I want you to see.	我有东西想给你看看
Hot and humid weather makes us lazy.	炎熱潮濕的天氣使我們變得懶散
I'll buy this.	我要買這個
What is your opinion on this matter?	关于那个你有什么看法
She was brought up by her grandmother.	她是由她的祖母带大的
I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.	我只是想要听听你的嗓音
I got a letter from her.	我收到她的來信
He replied that he did not know.	他回答说他不知道
There's a hole in this bucket.	這個桶子上有個洞
The old man died of cancer.	那位老爺爺死於癌症
It's no big deal.	这没什么大不了的
I was very impressed by his story.	我被他的故事感染了
It isn't anything like as cold as it was yesterday.	今天沒有像昨天那麼冷
We sat talking about the remote past.	我们坐着谈很久以前的事
We're heroes.	我們是英雄
I don't like your smile.	我不喜欢你的微笑
This chair has to be fixed.	这张椅子需要修理
I'm asking what your opinion is.	我在問你的選擇是甚麼
How's the weather there?	那里的气候怎么样
Can you jump rope?	你能跳绳吗
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.	漢堡我都吃膩了
This makes me sad.	這讓我難過
Tom said that Mary hit him.	汤姆说玛丽打他
My bike was stolen last night.	昨晚我的自行车被偷了
Hurry up, or you'll miss the bus.	快點
Tom said Mary thought that John might be permitted to do that next weekend.	汤姆说玛丽觉得约翰下周末可能被允许那么做
A doctor was sent for at once.	醫生立刻被請來了
The man is naked.	那人沒穿衣服
I love my country.	我爱我的祖国
Tom smiled at Mary, and she smiled back.	汤姆对玛丽笑了笑
He knows better than to marry her.	他不會傻到去娶她
I'd like to dance.	我想要跳舞
She wore a white dress.	她穿了一件白色的洋裝
I know why Tom is studying French.	我知道為甚麼湯姆學法語
I think it's fine.	我想沒關係
There isn't any film in this camera.	這個相機裡沒有膠片
I knew Tom's brother.	我认识汤姆的弟兄
I usually eat out.	我通常在外面吃饭
Who are the two women over there?	那边的两位女士是谁
She felt insecure about her future.	她對她的未來感到沒有安全感
It's no use trying to escape.	試圖逃跑是沒有用的
He once knew her, but they are no longer friends.	他过去认识她
This is an exception to the rule.	这是一个例外
He ran so fast that he was out of breath.	他跑得太快
School begins at half past eight.	學校八點半開始上課
I'm not good at carpentry.	我不擅長做木工
He found a ball in the garden.	他在花園裡找到了一顆球
Sorry, what's your name?	不好意思
Don't you want to know why?	你不想知道为什么吗
Does this bus go to the beach?	這輛公車去海灘嗎
Did you bring an umbrella with you?	你有帶雨傘嗎
It depends on the context.	这要看情况
Excuse me. Do you speak English?	對不起
I'll call you.	我会打电话给你
She was sick in bed yesterday.	她昨天臥病在床
I hear she's a famous actress.	我聽說她是個有名的演員
They drink cola.	他們喝可口可樂
Let the bird fly away.	放飞鸟儿
Hands off.	别碰
I always lock my room.	我總是鎖上我的房間
Is there a timetable?	有时间表吗
The man turned out to be a private detective.	这个男子竟然是一个私家侦探
You can't use this washing machine.	你不能用這臺洗衣機
Gravity brings everything down to Earth.	重力将一切带下地球表面
You're a friend of Tom's, aren't you?	你是湯姆的朋友
That was what I thought, too.	我也是這麼想的
Is it true that you built this house by yourself?	你真是自己造了这栋房子吗
A glass of wine, please.	一杯葡萄酒
It cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired.	把我的電視機修好花了我一萬日元
Mt. Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.	富士山是日本最高的山
Shouldn't you be studying?	你不应该在学习吗
Calm down.	冷静点
Tom doesn't speak much French.	湯姆說法語說得不太好
How's business?	生意怎么样
Tom isn't through yet.	湯姆還沒完成
There is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying.	他說的話有一定的道理
We'll eat lunch together at 12:30.	我们中午十二点半要一起吃午饭
Do you have a bicycle?	你有自行車嗎
He got hurt when he fell down.	他跌倒的時候受了傷
The accident happened the day before yesterday.	事故发生在前天
My income has decreased ten percent.	我的收入減少了百分之十
The cost of living has gone up.	生活費提高了
I'm ill.	我生病了
He goes to school to study every day.	他每天去学校学习
I'll be back at ten.	我十点回来
This book belongs to the library.	這本書是圖書館的
It is strange that he should say so.	他这么说很奇怪
The bridge is under construction.	桥在建造中
Could you please drive me home?	你可以載我回家嗎
Vegetables are getting more expensive.	蔬菜越来越贵了
Tom picked up the jar and read the label.	汤姆拿起罐子读标签
What would you like to drink?	你们想喝什么
You're so beautiful!	你太漂亮了
She waited for you for two hours.	她等了你兩個小時
His speech captured our attention.	他的演講吸引了我們的注意
I thought the questions were easy.	我認為這些問題很容易
She is a nurse.	她是护士
The butterfly flew away.	蝴蝶飛走了
The family is watching a movie together.	这一家人一起看电影
His plan was discarded.	他的计划被驳回了
I am afraid of death.	我怕死
You were considerate not to disturb us.	你考虑周到
The conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse.	在这个城市
We were poor, but we were happy.	我們從前很窮
There aren't many books on these shelves.	这些书架上没有很多书
Why didn't you do that?	你為什麼沒做
May I open the windows?	可以开窗吗
I got very tired, but I felt good.	我很累
Who organized that meeting?	谁组织了这次会议
Drive cautiously.	安全地駕駛
Help us reach our goal.	幫助我們達成目標
It's been a long time.	已经过了很长时间了
What happened to him?	他發生了什麼事
I treated her as my own daughter.	我把她當成是我自己的女兒一樣對待
I was tired, so I didn't go.	我累了
Luckily he had enough money to pay the bill.	幸运的是他有足够的钱来付账
Mary hid the money in her bra.	瑪麗把錢藏在了文胸裏
You ought to have been more careful.	你应该更小心的
Tom didn't like spinach when he was a child.	汤姆小时候不喜欢菠菜
I feel cold.	我觉得冷
We should've worked harder.	我們應該工作得更努力
She will make him a good wife.	她会是他的好妻子
His advice counted for little.	他的建議不算什麼
Tom will graduate in October.	汤姆将在
Those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who don't are uncivilized.	用叉子和筷子的人经常觉得不用叉子和筷子的人不文明
The lid won't open.	這蓋子打不開
Be quiet, all of you.	你們所有的人都安靜
Who do you live with?	你和誰住在一起
Put it on the table, please.	請把它放在桌上
That's our house.	那是我們的房子
I'd rather avoid it.	我宁愿避免这种事
I could not convince him of his mistake.	我没能让他認識到他的错误
He likes to build model planes.	他喜歡建造模型飛機
We saw a funny movie last Sunday.	我們上星期天看了一場很有趣的電影
He is a thief.	这是一个小偷
We gave our mother a watch.	我們給了母親一支手錶
It's already time to go home.	已经是时候回去了
Doesn't Tom go to Australia every month?	汤姆不是每个月都去澳大利亚吗
We consider it a blessing.	我们把它当作恩惠
Tom decided to stay behind.	汤姆决定留下
I would like to speak English fluently.	我想把英語說得很流利
Money is the root of all evil.	金錢是一切罪惡之源
"Shall I take a message?" "No, thank you."	“	需要我为您留个口信儿吗
You should've rejected such an unfair proposal.	你本该拒绝一个那么不公平的提议
They must really hate me.	他们一定很恨我
Why do you let Tom treat you that way?	你為甚麼讓湯姆那麼對待你
These paintings are beautiful.	這些畫很美
Pork doesn't agree with me.	猪肉不适合我
That company deals mainly in imported goods.	這公司主要做進口貨物的生意
It was discovered by Tom.	它是由湯姆發現的
Can you give me some money?	你能給我一些錢嗎
I saw her enter the room.	我看見她進了房間
Have a good weekend.	周末愉快
They gave in to my opinion.	他們屈服於我的看法了
My grandfather is very healthy.	我的祖父非常健康
Why are you asking me?	你為什麼問我
The parking lot is free of charge.	停车场是免费的
They welcomed me warmly, so I felt at home.	他们这么热情的欢迎我
Better be the head of a cat than the tail of a lion.	寧為貓頭不為獅尾
His quick temper will get him in trouble one day.	他的急脾气迟早会惹祸上身
Tom, your life's in danger.	湯姆
I must sell my house.	我得卖我的房子
Tom is not an idiot.	汤姆不是白痴
Rice grows in warm climates.	水稻生長在溫暖的氣候
I hope Tom loses.	我希望湯姆輸
I want him to read this.	想让他读这个
I did my best.	我做得好到不能再好了
You have to leave home at six.	你必須在六點鐘時從家中出發
She's as busy as Tom.	她和湯姆一樣忙
She wants to move out and find a place of her own.	她想搬出去
I thought his opinion was relevant.	我認為他的意見很中肯
Raise your hands.	手举起来
She has broken the toaster again.	她再次弄壞了烤麵包機
This whisky is very strong.	这种威士忌太烈了
Talk is cheap.	說得簡單
I'm going to change my shirt.	我要去換我的襯衫
I have mislaid my baggage.	我的行李丢了
I didn't need to paint the fence.	我不需要粉刷圍牆
The road is too narrow for cars.	這條路太窄汽車無法通行
He asked me questions similar to those asked by many others.	他和许多其他人一样问了我同样的问题
Could you check the tire pressure?	你能檢查一下這個輪胎的氣壓嗎
Behave yourself.	规矩点
Tom is a bus driver.	汤姆是个公交车司机
You might be right.	你可能是对的
I stopped smoking for the sake of my health.	為了健康
Do you know the reason why the sky looks blue?	你知道为什么天看起来这么蓝吗
I'm a student in a university.	我是个大学生
It seldom snows here in the winter.	這裡的冬天很少下雪
Do you have a smartphone?	你有手機嗎
What vegetables do you like to eat?	你喜歡吃什麼菜
The dress is made of a thin fabric.	這件衣服是由薄織物製成的
I'm not a dictator.	我不是独裁者
He studied abroad.	他出国留学了
Don't touch my camera.	不要碰我的相機
I've seen it with my own eyes.	我亲眼见到了它
Tom is not an idiot.	汤姆不是傻瓜
May I ask a question?	我能问个问题吗
Ten minutes remained until the end of the lesson.	离下课还有十分钟
Tom walks slowly.	汤姆走得很慢
I received a letter three months later.	我在三個月後收到了一封信
This law is applicable to all cases.	此法適用於所有情況
When did you begin studying English?	您什么时候开始学英语的
I don't know if she wants to go with me.	我不知道她想不想和我一起去
How much does it cost?	多少錢
I've never been to Europe.	我从没去过欧洲
I'm a college student.	我是个大学生
There's all kinds of people in the world.	林子大了什么鸟都有
I love her and she loves me.	我愛她
I was hoping Tom would come here today.	我希望湯姆有一天會來這裡
Are you out of bed?	你起床了嗎
She has a rose in her hand.	她手里拿着一朵玫瑰
Both of my sisters are married.	我的两个姐妹都结婚了
This is my bike.	这是我的自行车
Well, girls, it's time to go.	那么
He sat on the bench.	他坐在長凳上
Hurry up.	快点
I'll have the same.	给我来一份一样的
Tom isn't accustomed to walking barefooted.	汤姆不习惯光着脚漫步
The teacher gave us homework.	老师给我们布置了家庭作业
Tom changed into his uniform.	汤姆换上制服
The boy got his hands dirty.	這個男孩把他的手弄髒了
It isn't as hard as you think.	那个没你想象的那么难
Pour melted butter over the popcorn.	將融化了的奶油倒入爆米花中
Tom isn't nearly as smart as he thinks he is.	汤姆并不像他自认为的那么聪明
They got to the hotel after dark.	天暗後他們到了酒店
He will be a doctor when he grows up.	他长大了会成为一名医生
I'm sorry, but I can't hear you well.	對不起
It is evident that he has made a mistake.	很明顯的是他犯了錯
I'd like a single with a shower, please.	我要一间有淋浴的单人间
Tom begged me to let him go home early.	汤姆求我让他早点回家
There are three survivors.	有三个幸存者
I couldn't get the point of his speech.	我不能抓到他演讲的重点
This article is of no value.	这篇文章没有价值
He said that you had better go.	他說你最好去
The simplest solutions are always the best.	解决问题最简便的方法往往是最好的办法
I'm afraid it won't work.	我怕它是行不通的
Can I use your phone?	我能用你的电话吗
I took the children to school.	我帶孩子們去上學
It would be ridiculous to spend all their money.	花光他們所有的錢會很荒謬
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.	我期待收到您的來信
Is the work hard?	工作困難嗎
I accepted her invitation.	我接受了她的邀請
We don't have time to argue.	我們沒有時間來辯論
Tom is my grandfather.	Tom	是我爺爺
Let's meet at the station at eight tomorrow morning.	明早八点车站见
Tom is in danger.	湯姆有危險
I just finished cleaning your place.	我刚把你家的卫生做完
It is easy to swim.	游泳很簡單
When he shouted, the veins in his neck stood out clearly.	当他咆哮时
Our baseball team is very strong.	我們的棒球隊很強
The ship is not equipped with radar.	这艘船没有雷达装备
I like to eat.	我喜歡吃
I swapped a camera for a guitar.	我用一台照相機交換一把吉他
Languages aren't his forte.	语言不是他的强项
Breathing was difficult.	呼吸困難
I'm your father.	我是你爸爸
Someone has brought us some grapes.	有人帶了一些葡萄給我們
The vase was shattered.	花瓶被打碎了
I thought we were going to do this together.	我認為我們要一起做
My right hand is numb.	我的右手麻了
Are you being paid for doing this?	是有人花钱让你做这事吗
A fool and his money are soon parted.	笨蛋難聚財
We will make the payment by bank transfer.	我们会用银行转帐付款
I can't look at this painting without thinking of my mom.	我無法看著這幅畫而不想起我母親
Your proposal is a bit extreme.	你的建議有點極端
Leave me alone!	别烦我
How much is this pen?	这支钢笔要多少钱
I didn't have to study yesterday.	我昨天不必讀書
Tom's grinning.	汤姆露齿而笑
I know you're upset.	我知道你难过
She was afraid to cross the road.	她怕過馬路
There is one way.	有个办法
She returned the book to the library.	她把書還給了圖書館
The nurses are very nice.	護士們都很和善
There was only one warden on duty when the riot started.	暴動開始時只有一位監獄長值班
We'll begin work soon.	我們立即開始施工
Let's meet in front of the theater.	讓我們在戲院前面碰面
I'm glad you were right.	很高兴你是对的
You seem like a very smart person.	你看起来像一个聪明人
Ask Tom again.	再问一下汤姆吧
Cats are cute.	猫咪很可爱
It's pretty simple.	它真簡單
I'm on your side.	我站在你这边
It's too loud.	它太大聲
This car is the latest model.	这辆车是最新款
What exactly happened to you?	你到底怎麼回事啊
I can't stand it.	我不能忍受
You don't understand.	你不懂
There were no hats in that store that fit me.	那個店裡沒有合我尺寸的帽子
Roll up your sleeve.	卷起你的袖子
You'd better not go out today.	你今天最好不要出門
I am not married.	我單身
Do you need an ambulance?	你需要救護車嗎
Everybody desires happiness.	每个人都向往幸福
I found the secret compartment quite by accident.	我完全是在偶然的情况下发现了密室
I'm very proud of my father.	我非常以我的父親為榮
The policeman was drunk.	警察醉了
Do you have a map?	你有地圖嗎
We are a family of five.	我们家有五口人
I play tennis in the park on Sunday.	我週日在公園裡打網球
I get you.	我了解你
My friends all call me Tom.	我的朋友都叫我湯姆
What kind of person is she?	她是怎样的人呢
I'm counting on your help.	我指望你的帮助
I'm happy if you're happy.	如果你開心
It is imperative for you to act at once.	你必须马上行动
What did you find out?	你發現了甚麼
Do you know the answer?	你知道答案嗎
I am amazed at your audacity.	我对你的厚颜无耻感到惊讶
Tom's hands felt like ice.	湯姆的手像冰一樣
She sometimes has her mother cut her hair.	她有时候让她的妈妈剪头发
How much is it?	这个几块
Tom has accumulated a lot of junk.	湯姆屯了很多垃圾
Sometimes I can't help myself.	有时候我控制不住自己
I love elderberry juice.	我愛接骨木果汁
This is empty.	这是空的
We try.	我们来试试
What were you doing in Boston?	你在波士顿做了什么
The exam was divided into two parts.	考試分為兩個部分
I can't stop sneezing.	我止不住打喷嚏
You should pay more attention to his warnings.	你應該多注意他的警告
You've gone too far.	你太过分了
Do you want to stay any longer?	你想再待下去嗎
We have seen no one.	我们谁也没看见
I'm waiting for someone.	我在等待着某个人
Can you help me?	您能幫我嗎
Tom got ready for bed.	湯姆準備睡覺
My mother can't drive a car.	我妈不会开车
It stopped snowing an hour ago.	一個小時前雪停了
He described the incident in detail.	他詳細地描述了事故狀況
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan and China.	1978	年中国和日本签署了和平条约
Tom saw everything that happened.	汤姆见证了所有发生的事情
We should've taken the schedule into consideration.	我们本该考虑一下行程
Leave me.	让我一个人呆会儿
He couldn't get the job.	他無法得到這份工作
You owe me an apology for that.	关于那件事你欠我一个道歉
Tom's door is open.	湯姆的門開著
Tom drank some orange juice.	Tom	喝了點柳橙汁
Tom couldn't swim.	汤姆不会游泳
They went in opposite directions.	他們往相反的方向去
I'd like to ask you a few more questions.	我想問再你幾個問題
Why don't you stay here?	你为什么不留在这里
Plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials.	塑料代替了许多传统的原料
I have to take the book back to the library today.	我今天必須把書還給圖書館
My father is fifty years old.	我父亲五十岁了
What is aspirin made of?	阿司匹林是用什么做的
I think he won't come.	我认为他不会来
Tom should hear about this.	汤姆应该听听这个
Even when I was a child, I was able to swim well.	我很小的时候就游得很好了
He grew up to be an engineer.	他長大後成為了一名工程師
Which translation of this book do you think is better, the French one or the English one?	你觉得这本书的哪个译本比较好
I want to lose weight.	我想减肥
We climbed Mt. Fuji last summer.	去年夏天我們爬了富士山
Can you rub my back?	幫我搓一下背好嗎
Tom did an excellent job.	汤姆做得很出色
He could not breathe deeply.	他無法深呼吸
He can read well.	他能讀得很好
Tom decided not to wait.	汤姆决定不再等了
Your hair's beautiful.	你的头发很漂亮
You will fail.	你會失敗
She achieved great success in her business.	她在她的事業上取得了巨大成功
They have no idea what's going on.	他們不知道正在發生甚麼
Do you have any free time this weekend?	這個週末你有時間嗎
Any bed is better than no bed.	任何床都比沒有床好
I am thinking of going abroad.	我在考慮出國
Let me make you some tea.	我來給你沏茶
When and where is breakfast served?	早饭在何时何地用
This bicycle belongs to me.	这辆自行车属于我
What's it made of?	这是什么做的
This chair is uncomfortable.	这个椅子坐着不舒服
There's not a moment to waste.	一刻也不浪費
I don't know if I can do it.	我不知道我能不能做
Tom heard this and got angry.	聽到這事之後
Tom isn't the best player on our team.	汤姆不是我们队里最棒的球员
Where are we eating breakfast?	我們在哪裡吃早餐
Do you know how to do that?	你知道怎么做吗
He gave me his stamp of approval.	他給了我正式批准
Tom is a hick.	汤姆是个乡巴佬
How did you get back so soon?	你怎么回来得这么快
You're the one who suggested that we travel together.	你是那個建議我們一起旅行的人
It would be nice to have a party.	开个聚会很好
The other day I went fishing for the first time in my life.	前几天人生第一次去钓鱼了
The toilet is backed up.	厕所塞住了
Smiles do not always indicate pleasure.	微笑並不一定表示高興
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the last train.	再不快点你就要赶不上末班车了
I knew he would accept.	我知道他会接受的
Tom is divorced and has a daughter.	Tom	離婚了
This is a good book for children to read.	这是本对儿童有益的书
I want to be as tall as Tom.	我想和
The sky today is the bluest that I've ever seen it.	今天的天空是我看過最藍的天空
Let's go to a movie.	讓我們去看電影
Here is a book.	這裡有一本書
Let's stay here tonight.	讓我們今晚留在這裡吧
I was somewhere else.	我在另一个地方
I lost my notebook today.	今天我的筆記本掉了
That's not Tom's fault.	那不是湯姆的錯
He behaved as if he were crazy.	他表现的像个疯子
Tom was wearing jeans.	湯姆穿著牛仔褲
Have you eaten yet?	你们吃饭了吗
He will make you eat dirt.	他会让你吃灰的
The largest bedroom faces south.	最大的卧室朝南
They are discussing the problem.	他們正在討論這個問題
I don't think it's a good decision.	我不认为这是一个好的决定
We were just about to leave when it rained.	我們正要離開的時候下雨了
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.	所有的马都是动物
Tom is looking for someone to take Mary's place.	Tom	正在找其他人代替
Had I arrived earlier, I could have seen Kelly.	如果我早點到
Do they love each other?	他們彼此相愛嗎
Be nice.	和气点
I don't think that I can help you very much.	我看我幫不上你很多忙
Do you think the weather will be fine tomorrow?	你觉得明天天气会变好吗
A friend of mine asked me to send her a postcard.	我的一位朋友要求我寄給她一張明信片
I'm just kidding.	我开玩笑
I'm tired of living this kind of life.	我厌倦了这种生活
He is entitled to receive the reward.	他有权得到奖励
She likes going to the library.	她喜欢去图书馆
Are you off tonight?	你今天晚上有沒有要上班
We stayed with them all through the summer.	我们整个夏天都和他们待在一起
I hope to see you.	我希望能见到你
Why do you want to study abroad?	为什么你想到外国读书
It's very big.	它很大
Tom is exaggerating.	汤姆在吹嘘
There wasn't anyone in the room.	房間裡沒有人
Don't worry about it.	不要擔心它
Could I have a pillow and blanket?	給我一個枕頭和毛毯好嗎
That child may have been kidnapped on his way home.	那个孩子可能在回家的路上被绑架了
Life without love is meaningless.	没有爱的人生没有意义
I know Tom is allergic to bees.	我知道汤姆对蜜蜂过敏
He went to the store.	他去了商店
He has no girlfriend.	他没有女朋友
What subject do you like best?	你最喜歡哪一個科目
Tom's the only guy in this class.	汤姆是这个班级里唯一的男生
Everyone held their breath to see who would win the presidential election.	所有人都屏住呼吸关注着谁会赢得总统竞选
It's my fault.	这是我的错
Mary, I love you.	玛丽
The meeting ended.	会议结束了
How are your parents getting along?	你的父母是如何相處的
My grandfather died when I was a boy.	當我是個小男孩的時候
The police broke up the fight.	警察驅散了這場鬥毆
I don't have any sisters.	我没有姐妹
I like red wine better than white wine.	我喜歡紅葡萄酒勝過白葡萄酒
She was wearing long boots.	她穿着长靴
Do you really want me to go there right now?	你真想让我马上到那里去吗
He wants to go to the United States.	他想去美國
With the weather getting worse, the departure was put off.	由于天气变差
What browser are you using?	你用什么浏览器
Tom was too afraid to do anything.	Tom	太胆小了以至于做不了任何事
He is the tallest boy.	他是最高的男生
If you see a mistake, then please correct it.	如果你发现错误
I couldn't help but be impressed by Tom's courage.	汤姆的勇气给我留下了深刻印象
Everybody will die.	人固有一死
I like my job very much.	我非常喜欢我的工作
All of my software is open source.	我的软件全都是开源的
He forgot that he bought her a present.	他忘记给她买过一个礼物了
Moderate exercise will refresh both mind and body.	适度的运动让身心焕然一新
It may never happen.	它可能永遠都不會發生
They went to the station by car.	他們開車去車站
Ask Tom to help you.	让汤姆帮你
Did you have to get up very early this morning?	你今天必須起得很早嗎
Tom and Mary can both speak French.	汤姆和玛丽两个人都会说法语
Horses are stronger than deer.	马比鹿强
I guess it depends on the weather.	我想這取決於天氣
I'm fixing the radio which I found on my way home.	我在修理回家路上捡到的收音机
How much is this umbrella?	這把傘多少錢
I play the tenor saxophone.	我吹次中音薩克斯風
There's no need to hail a taxi.	没必要叫出租车
The old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket.	這棟老房子被拆除了
Thanks for returning my call.	感謝您的回電
What do you have in your bag?	你的袋子裡有什麼
God is everywhere.	神無處不在
I want a book.	我想要本书
I really like this story.	我真喜歡這故事
I think you're lying.	我觉得你在撒谎
You don't need to work on Sundays.	星期天的時候
He spoke to me when he saw me.	他看到我的时候和我说话
How often do you use your phone?	你多久用一次手机
Tom has contributed a lot of money to this hospital.	湯姆捐獻了很多錢給這間醫院
I often play tennis on Sunday.	我常常在週日打網球
If you are not going to the concert, then neither am I.	如果你不去音樂會
It's hard to keep a secret from Tom.	瞞著湯姆很難
He will survive.	他會倖存
Tom told me he'd lost his textbook.	汤姆告诉我他丢了课本
I've never heard her speak ill of others.	我从没听过她说别人坏话
They tried very hard to gain an advantage over one another.	他們很努力地超過對方獲得優勢
I wonder what he's up to.	他葫芦里不知卖的是什么药
It is just your imagination.	这只是你的想象
He may have missed the last train.	他可能錯過了最後一班火車
Tom said he thought that would probably never happen.	汤姆说他觉得那可能永远不会发生了
Iron the inside of collars first, and then the outside.	先熨烫领子的里面
You'd do that if Tom asked you to, wouldn't you?	若汤姆请求你的话
I'm reading a book about animals.	我正在讀一本關於動物的書
Yesterday I played tennis for the first time.	昨天我第一次打了网球
She mistook me for my brother.	她把我誤認為是我的兄弟
All things considered, I think you should go back home and take care of your parents.	全盤考慮後
That's for suckers.	它是给容易上当受骗的人的
Tom showed interest in the plan.	湯姆對這個計劃有興趣
It's ten minutes to eleven.	還有十分鐘就十一點
Thank you just the same.	还是要说谢谢的
Could you write it down, please?	請你寫下來好嗎
Keep to the left when driving.	車輛靠左行駛
Will you put down that paper and listen to me?	你能放下文件聽我說嗎
Behave yourselves.	规矩点
He drank a whole bottle of milk.	他喝了一整瓶的牛奶
She had already gone to bed when I phoned her at 11:00 p.m.	23	点我打电话给她的时候
I will get the work done in a week.	我会一周内完成这个工作的
Last year, he spent three months at sea.	去年他在海上度過了三個月
I arrived two weeks ago.	我在兩週前到了
Did you actually see the accident?	你真的看到了這起事故嗎
One of the girls was left behind.	這些女孩當中其中一個被留下來了
Tom isn't here yet, but we expect him soon.	湯姆還不在這裡
This school supplies students with textbooks.	这所学校为学生提供教科书
Nobody knows why.	沒人知道為什麼
He is reputed the best lawyer in this city.	他被认为是这座城市里最好的律师
Sewage often pollutes the ocean.	废水经常污染海洋
My passport was stolen.	我护照被偷了
Every day I waited for her at the bookstore after school.	我每天放学后都在书店那里等她
She began to like him right away.	她立刻開始喜歡他了
I'll be seventeen next year.	我明年
Tom is a distant relative of mine.	湯姆是我的遠亲
I'd like three of these.	这我要三个
He graduated from high school this spring.	今年春天他從高中畢業了
I live in a big city.	我住在一个大城市里
The new medicine saved his life.	這個新藥救了他的命
This isn't for you.	這不是給你的
I was writing a letter when he came.	當他進來的時候
Someone is watching you.	有人在看著你
Let's assume that'll happen.	讓我們假定那會發生
How about going to the movies?	我们去电影院怎么样
Excuse me, do you speak English?	對不起
Deal us the cards.	發牌給我們
You are going too far.	你太过分了
Tom is coming to my house tonight.	今晚汤姆会来我家哦
I'm afraid I must say goodbye.	恐怕我必須說再見了
I have three times as many books as you do.	我有的書是你的三倍
These containers are airtight.	這些容器是密封的
I cry every time I watch this movie.	我每次看这部电影都会哭
Mastering a foreign language is difficult.	掌握一门外语很难
Cheese is made from milk.	奶酪是用奶做成的
You're a good painter, aren't you?	你是個很棒的畫家
My father is in the hospital now.	我父亲现在在医院
It's okay to go.	你可以走了
I ran into my aunt by chance in Europe.	我在欧洲偶遇了姑母
Tom refused to help Mary do her homework.	汤姆拒绝帮玛丽做她的作业
He pretends to be deaf.	他装听不见
I'll never forget your kindness.	我永遠不會忘記你的親切
Tom tried to convince Mary to knit him a scarf.	湯姆想說服瑪麗給他織一條圍巾
They wanted to know where Tom was.	他們想知道湯姆在哪
Your wife is mad at you.	你太太在生你的氣
It's me that's wrong.	是我错了
That's my final answer.	这是我的最终回答
I want to have this letter registered.	我想要用掛號寄這封信
It isn't that simple.	它沒有那麼簡單
I just got your letter yesterday.	我昨天剛收到你的信
He was born on July 28th, 1888.	他出生於
I was talking about something else.	我在說別的事
Could you turn down the radio?	您能把收音机开小声一点吗
I heard Tom scream.	我听到汤姆尖叫
One of my pleasures is watching TV.	我的一個樂趣是看電視
We'll always be friends.	我们永远都会是朋友
Tom is acting as if nothing has happened.	汤姆像什么也没发生一样行动
It is very expensive to keep up with the latest fashions.	跟上最近潮流时尚是件非常花钱的事儿
You're babbling.	你说话含糊不清
Tom brought Mary some juice.	Tom	幫
It rarely snows in this area.	这片区域很少下雪
Can I help you?	我能幫你嗎
Her mother always accompanies her.	她母亲一直陪着她
What you say makes no sense.	你說的話沒有道理
Are you afraid of being fired?	你害怕被炒鱿鱼吗
Generally, men run faster than women.	一般來說
Don't try to intimidate me.	别想吓唬我
I am a man.	我是个男人
The girls were asleep.	女孩们睡着了
I'm no longer your assistant.	我不再是你的助手了
Did you go to school?	你去學校了嗎
He sipped the hot coffee slowly.	他慢慢地啜飲熱咖啡
I am a member of the tennis club.	我是网球俱乐部的会员
Write your name in capitals.	把你的名字用大写写下来
Our school is across the river.	我們學校在河的對面
My father neither smokes nor drinks.	我的父親不抽菸也不喝酒
I don't believe you. You're always telling lies.	我不相信你
I can't sleep at all.	完全睡不着
It was not long before we met again by chance.	没多久
The physician prescribed his patient some medicine.	医生给他的病人开了一些药
You had better go at once.	你最好馬上走
I feel a whole lot better today.	我今天感觉好多了
Thank you for the present you gave my son.	谢谢你送给我儿子礼物
What does this pen cost?	這支筆多少錢
She can sing better than anybody else in her class.	她唱歌唱得比班上任何一個人好
I have no friends to help me.	我没朋友帮我
The two of us are students.	我們兩個是學生
I saw him cross the road.	我看见他穿过了马路
Have a nice day, Tom.	汤姆
The streets in Tokyo are full on Saturdays.	週六
The job looked quite simple, but it took me a week.	這份工作看起來很簡單
Someone's been here recently.	有人最近来过这里
Tom looked for his pen.	湯姆找他的鋼筆
That's the man whose kids are so nice.	那个男人
The train passed by us.	列车从我们身边经过
Don't you like my yellow scarf?	你不喜歡我的黃圍巾嗎
Do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls?	你知道春卷为什么叫春卷吗
You should get your hair cut.	你该去理发店了
Keep an eye on the child for me for a moment.	帮我看会儿孩子
It's not your problem.	不是你的問題
He asked for a drink of water.	他要了水喝
I almost laughed out loud.	我差點大聲笑了出來
It was really special.	它真特別
Tom told Mary to help John.	湯姆讓瑪麗幚約翰
What do you think about this?	你怎么看待这件事
I'm bleeding.	我在流血
I know all my neighbors.	我认识我所有的邻居
He was willing to help others.	他願意幫助別人
He is old enough to travel alone.	他够大了
I screwed up the very first note.	我搞砸了第一個音符
I've got a headache.	我头痛
Are you free now?	现在有空吗
I had hoped to meet you there.	我曾希望在那裡遇見你
What color do you think Tom likes?	你觉得汤姆喜欢什么颜色
The train was delayed because of heavy snowfall.	火车因大雪被耽搁了
I am responsible for the mistake.	我为这个错误负责
I like chocolate.	我喜歡巧克力
He gave me a cold.	他把感冒传染给我了
How do I get to the police?	我怎么去警察局
Dear Santa, I want a girlfriend for Christmas.	圣诞老人
He is fond of adventure.	他喜欢冒险
Do you have children?	你有孩子嗎
Tom didn't tell me he didn't know how to swim.	汤姆没有告诉我他不会游泳
That bridge is very beautiful.	那座橋很漂亮
I haven't seen you for ages.	我已經有很長的時間沒有見到你了
He asked the man to help him.	他叫那个男人帮助他
I'm looking for an assistant.	我正在找一個助手
I won't be fooled.	我不会上当的
My grandmother can't see very well.	我的祖母無法看得很清楚
May I introduce myself?	我可以自我介紹嗎
I need it ASAP.	我尽快需要
She went there yesterday.	她昨天去那裡
You can't build buildings on swampy land.	你不能在沼澤地上建造建築物
What do I have to do now that I'm registered?	我注册了
She will do her best to be here on time.	她会尽全力及时赶到这儿的
It was just a joke. Lighten up!	只是个玩笑
I'm very happy.	我很快樂
What is the difference between this and that?	“	这
She suggested to me that I call off the meeting.	她建议我取消会议
We won't go out if it doesn't stop raining.	雨不停
I didn't know you were going to be here.	我不知道你要來這裡
She was asked to convince him to paint the house.	有人要求她说服他刷房子
She gave me these old coins.	她給了我這些舊硬幣
I will play the guitar for you.	我會為你彈吉他
Tom goes to work by motorcycle.	湯姆騎摩托車上班
What did that cost?	多少錢
Turn up the radio a little bit.	把收音機開大聲一點
I made the decision by myself.	我自己做了决定
They stole apples from my orchard.	他們從我的果園偷了蘋果
As soon as he sat down, he picked up the telephone.	他一坐下
He speaks French fluently.	他说法语说得很流利
He's very straightforward.	他说话很直接
I'll finish it as quickly as I can.	我会尽快完成的
Where did you guys go?	你们这些家伙去哪儿了
She's not a child.	她不是小孩
I'm sore all over.	我全身酸痛
Tom wanted Mary to leave him alone.	汤姆想让玛丽一个人从他身边离开
Come home before six.	六点之前要回家
I am staying with my uncle in Tokyo.	我待在東京的叔叔家
I work even on Sunday.	我甚至在週日工作
I'm not going to do anything to you.	我不會對你做任何事
I'm not as optimistic as you.	我没有你那么乐观
Mistakes like these are easily overlooked.	这种错误很容易被人忽视
Harvard was founded in 1636.	哈佛始建于
Bring it to me.	把它带给我
Even with all his money, he's unhappy.	儘管他有那麼多錢
She has very few close friends.	她的密友很少
He's rich, but he's not happy.	虽然他很有钱
It's eight miles from here to London.	從這裡到倫敦要八英里
You gain nothing by speaking ill of others.	通过诋毁别人
I want you to tell me the truth.	我想你把真相告诉我
She eats nothing but vegetables.	她只吃蔬菜
Could you please repeat that?	你能重复一遍吗
He pretended not to be listening.	他假装听不见
He swindled her.	他欺骗了她
It doesn't matter what you think.	你怎么想无关紧要
His office is very close to mine.	他的辦公室跟我的非常近
A large pillar obstructs the view of the lake.	巨大的柱子遮住了视线
I didn't know where it came from.	我不知道它是从哪里来的
A fly can walk on the ceiling.	蒼蠅能在天花板上走
She is having lunch now.	她现在正在吃午餐
How long can it be kept going with 100 dollars?	用
Would you like to come along?	你想一起去嗎
I'd better go home.	我回家比較好
What is it made of?	这是什么做的
Did you enjoy your winter holidays?	你寒假過得愉快嗎
Fill in your name and address.	填上你的姓名和地址
Are you afraid of bugs?	你怕虫子吗
The two of us don't belong here.	我们俩不属于这儿
The bucket was full of water.	這個桶裝滿了水
I prefer cats to dogs.	與狗相比
We arrived at the office on time.	我們準時到達了辦公室
I would rather live by myself than do as he tells me to do.	我寧願自己獨立生活也不要他來指使我
I've put all of my energy into this plan.	我在这项计划上投入了所有精力
A young girl on crutches asked Tom where he lived.	一个拄着拐杖的年轻女孩问汤姆他住在哪里
I slipped the letter to him.	我悄悄把信给了他
I didn't get everything I wanted.	我沒有得到我所有想要的
I saw him enter the room.	我看到他进房间
It serves you right.	自作自受
I don't know what to open it with.	我不知道用什么能打开它
We took turns driving the car.	我們輪流開車
Would you please turn the TV off?	请把电视机关掉好吗
When do you need it by?	您何時需要它
The man and his wife helped each other.	这男人和他妻子互相帮助
Do you want to hear it?	您想听它吗
Please tell the truth.	请把事实说出来
I didn't expect to see you at a place like this.	我都没想过会在这里碰见你
I'll definitely vote for Tom.	我一定要給湯姆投票
Take off your hats.	把你们的帽子摘下来
Leave a space between the lines.	行與行之間要留一個空間
Tom's house has a nice garden.	湯姆的住宅有一個不錯的花園
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.	一个成长中的孩子如果没有充足的能量
Where did you go for vacation?	你去哪裡度假了
Could you bring my breakfast to room 305?	你可以把我的早餐送到
I've already finished my homework.	我已經完成了我的作業
I admit I'm wrong.	我承認我錯了
Some of the money was stolen.	一部分钱被偷了
I can only speak for myself.	我只能代表我自己講話
I go to church on Sunday.	周日我去做礼拜
Mary won't listen to her friend's advice.	瑪麗不會聽她朋友的忠告
There is a pair of scissors on the desk.	书桌上有一把剪刀
I keep the master copy under lock and key.	我妥善保管原版拷貝
No problem at all!	什么问题都没有
Out of these cakes, I like this one the best.	这些蛋糕中我最喜欢这个
It's all Greek to me.	看起来像天书
It's never too late to make amends.	彌補永遠不會太晚
He made a few grammatical mistakes.	他犯了一些文法錯誤
Do you want to go on a picnic with me?	你想跟我去野餐吗
Shake my hand.	和我握手
How are you going to get home?	你打算怎麼回家
It's just around the corner.	就在转角处
He is old enough to know better.	他已經長大該懂事了
He arrived at school exactly on time.	他刚好准时到校
I got up at six this morning.	我今天早上六點起床
What's your telephone number?	你电话号码是多少
Thank you for your attention.	谢谢您的关注
Your answer is wrong.	你的回答是错的
How are you getting along these days?	最近过得怎样
I'd never let you kiss me.	我永远也不会让您亲我
I still can't speak French.	我还是不会说法语
He gave her a piece of paper.	他給了她一張紙
I am blind in the right eye.	我的右眼瞎了
Children can't swim in this river.	小孩儿不能在这条河里游泳
I have a special relationship with my aunt.	我和我阿姨有種特別的情誼
We had a good time playing cards.	我們打牌玩得很開心
Swimming is good for your health.	游泳對你的健康很好
I'm not married.	我单身
What do you want to know?	你想知道什麼
Have you gotten used to living in the dorm?	你習慣在宿舍生活了嗎
Dutch is closely related to German.	荷蘭語與德語關係密切
Hollywood isn't what it used to be.	好萊塢不是以前的樣子了
I prefer riding to walking.	我喜歡騎車勝過走路
What a bizarre story!	多么荒唐的故事
It's a basic human right.	它是基本人权
Awesome!	好棒
I love my wife.	我爱我的妻子
I know the facts.	我知道事实
Have you and Tom talked about what happened?	你跟汤姆谈过发生了什么吗
My sister resembles my grandmother.	我的姐姐就像我的祖母
I agree with you to some extent.	我在一定程度上同意你的意見
I'm almost finished reading this book.	我就要读完这本书了
Who were you talking to?	你跟誰說話呢
What's the minimum wage in your country?	你的国家的最低工资是多少
Tom is the one that told us about the problem.	汤姆是告诉我们这个问题的人
I couldn't understand his ideas.	我無法理解他的想法
What's your favorite small town in Australia?	你最喜欢的澳大利亚的小镇是哪里呀
Tom took off his wedding ring.	汤姆拿掉了他的婚戒
This one's yours.	這個是你的
I'm injured.	我受伤了
We enjoyed watching the fireworks on a bridge last summer.	去年夏天
She helped him overcome his sadness.	她幫助他平撫了他的悲傷
The king governed the country.	國王統治了這個國家
Are they both the same?	他们都是一样的吗
Many moons orbit around Saturn.	許多衛星繞著土星運行
It seems that he knows everything.	他似乎什麼都知道
It's no longer snowing.	雪停了
There is a fence around the house.	這棟房子的周圍有籬笆
Tom's funeral will be this weekend.	湯姆的葬禮訂在這週末
Would you like a cup of coffee?	来杯咖啡吗
He divorced his wife last month.	上個月他和妻子離婚了
Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he did that.	汤姆不会告诉玛丽他做那件事的真实原因
Can I ask you some questions?	我能問你們一些問題嗎
Will six o'clock suit you?	六点您行吗
Everybody's here.	每个人都在这里
It's raining cats and dogs.	雨下得很大
There's enough time for a quick snack.	有足夠的時間很快地吃一下點心
I go to bed after I study.	我讀完書之後就去睡覺
She is always finding fault with her neighbors.	她总是找她邻居的茬
My mother was an alcoholic.	我母亲是个酒鬼
Take me home.	带我回家
I eventually got used to it.	最后我还是习惯了
Tell me more about Tom.	告诉我汤姆的情况
It wasn't me who told you not to do that.	不是我告訴你不要去做的
Please talk to Tom.	请跟汤姆谈话
Whether he comes or not, I'll go.	不論他來或不來
Tom has to do that again.	湯姆必須再做一遍
It's warm in here.	這裡是溫暖的
She is a charming woman.	她是个有有魅力的女性
Please send me a letter.	請寄信給我
Show me your passport, please.	请给我看看您的护照
I haven't eaten for days.	我好多天沒吃東西了
What has brought you here?	是什么风把你吹来了啊
One who doesn't take risks will not win.	不冒險
Can you come on Sunday evening?	你周日晚上能来吗
Tom and Mary were tired of waiting.	湯姆和瑪麗等煩了
He told me everything.	他都告诉我了
It is your business to take care of them.	照顾他们是你自己的事儿
All of you did good work.	你們所有的人都做得很好
She gave me some practical advice.	她給了我一些實用的建議
I bought it last week.	我上週買了它
That was fast.	太快了
Was there anyone in the room?	房间里有人吗
Usually I cycle or get the bus to work.	我通常骑自行车或乘公交车去上班
He lied to me. That is why I am angry with him.	他对我说了谎
How much did that cost?	多少錢
I thought that Tom would want to know about that.	我本以为汤姆愿意了解这件事
I'm not like Tom.	我跟汤姆不一样
I think he will do his best.	我認為他會盡力而為
He sang while working.	他一边唱歌一边工作
It is going to rain soon.	天快要下雨了
Don't tell me.	不要告诉我
I felt that the plan was unwise.	我覺得這計畫不是很聰明
Europeans like to drink wine.	歐洲人都愛喝葡萄酒
Do you drink green tea?	您喝绿茶吗
It's hard to tell Englishmen from Americans just by the way they look.	只凭长相的话很难区分英国人和美国人
She beckoned me to come in.	她招呼我进来
My brother bought an electric guitar.	我的兄弟買了電子吉他
We will endeavour to finish the job by the end of the week.	我們會盡力在這禮拜結束前把工作完成
Tom told me what to say.	汤姆告诉我该说什么
She left here in a hurry.	她匆忙地離開了這裡
I opened the box and looked inside.	我打開盒子看看裡面
The bus should be coming soon.	公車應該很快就會來了
Fresh fruit is good for your health.	新鲜的水果对你的健康有益
We really enjoyed ourselves.	我們真的玩得很開心
I don't want Tom to see this.	我不想讓湯姆看見這個
He can speak Russian as well.	他还会说俄语
The soldiers occupied the building.	士兵们占领了这个建筑
How long did you live there?	你住在那裡多久了
Tom had no idea why Mary didn't want to do that.	汤姆不知道玛丽为什么不去做
There are holes in the ceiling.	天花板上有洞
Are you over 18?	你有
Tom is old enough to go to school.	汤姆年纪足够去上学了
The boys kept quiet.	男孩子們保持安靜
No one here will betray you.	這裡沒有人會背叛你
You ought not to have disclosed the secret.	你本不该透露秘密的
I went to see the movies yesterday.	我昨天去看了電影
You guys looked mad.	你们疯了吧
The problem was that I had nothing to say to him.	问题是
Where do I have to change trains?	我要在哪裡換火車
After the storm, the sea was quiet again.	暴风雨后
I didn't tell anyone what time I'd be arriving.	我沒跟別人說過我什麼時候會到
Tom is writing a letter to his best friend.	汤姆在给他最好的朋友写信
Tom's laughing.	汤姆在笑
Now, wait a second.	現在等一下
This novel is very difficult to understand.	这部小说很难读懂
That's not right.	不对
We're going to climb that mountain.	我們將要去爬那座山
He likes anything sweet.	他喜歡一切甜的東西
The flood water reached the level of the windows.	洪水涌到了窗户的高度
She didn't appear to recognize me.	她好像没认出我
Why do you need this money?	你要这钱干嘛
It all depends on the weather.	一切都取決於天氣
Their baby is able to walk already.	他們的小嬰孩已經會走路了
We've got what we need.	我們得到了我們想要的
I don't really want to live in Australia.	我不怎么想住在澳大利亚
That store sells newspapers and magazines.	那家店卖报纸和杂志
I'd like to try this on. Where are the fitting rooms?	我想试试这件
Can you move this desk by yourself?	你能自己搬這張桌子嗎
I have a lot of sheep.	我有很多綿羊
Well, let's get going!	好吧
I stayed up till very late last night.	我昨晚睡得很晚
The explanation is by no means satisfactory.	這個解釋不是很令人滿意
What's your major?	你的专业是什么
I gather that they'll agree with us.	我猜想他們會同意我們的
He is the father of two children.	他是兩個孩子的父親
I can't imagine my life without you.	我無法想像沒有你的生活
Tom went over and sat down next to Mary.	汤姆来了
Don't share this with anyone.	不要告訴任何人這件事
We don't care what he does.	我們不在乎他做什麼
There's too much salt in this soup.	这汤里盐放多了
The hunters aimed at the elephant.	猎人们用枪瞄准了大象
My mother opened the door very carefully.	我妈妈小心翼翼地打开门
Politicians never tell us their inner thoughts.	政治家从来不告诉我们他们的别有用心
Part of the roof blew off.	屋頂有一部分被刮走了
I've always fed my dogs in the early evening.	每个傍晚我都会喂我的狗狗们
This method is sure to work.	這個方法一定會成功
I'm trying to save room for dessert.	我尽量留着胃吃甜点
They should all be fired.	他們全部都應該被開除
Let me think for a moment.	让我想一想
This car is easy to handle.	這輛車很容易操控
I'd like to hear you play the piano.	我想聽你彈鋼琴
We measured the depth of the river.	我们测量了这条河的深度
Mary went on a voyage around the world.	玛丽去环游世界了
The policeman arrested the burglar.	警察逮捕了小偷
She made the same mistake as before.	她犯了和以前同樣的錯誤
Don't move!	别动
I was pretty hungry.	我真是饿了
Tom needs a change of scenery.	汤姆需要换换风景
I have to go home.	我该回家了
Do you want to see the house?	你想看房子吗
Their goods are of the highest quality.	他们的货品有着最高的品质
This is an ice cube.	這是冰塊
She has lost weight.	她的体重减轻了
I can't answer you now.	我现在不能回答你
I'm free!	我自由了
Excuse me, I have to get off at the next stop.	对不起
Why can't he play tennis today?	為什麼他今天不能打網球呢
I'm hearing that a lot lately.	我最近听说了不少
I am not sure when he will come.	我不确定他什么时候来
He helped the lady into the car.	他幫助這位女士上車
The clock gains five minutes a day.	那个钟每天都快了五分钟
How's your project coming along?	你的项目进展得怎么样
Do you guys want something to eat?	你們想要吃些什麼嗎
Spring will be here soon.	春天快來了
He walks slowly.	他慢慢地走
Every time I went to his house, he was not at home.	我每次去他家
That's Mary's husband.	那是玛丽的丈夫
He is at home today.	他今天在家
A stranger is just a friend that you haven't met yet.	所谓陌生人
You have a wonderful voice.	你有副好嗓音
Cuff him.	把他铐上
The mountain was covered with snow.	這座山被雪覆蓋著
The man you met at the station is my father.	你在车站遇到的男人是我爸
I've finished writing the letter.	我已經寫完信了
I belong to the swimming club.	我是游泳社的成員
Come whenever you want to.	什么时候想来就过来吧
He fell down on the floor.	他摔倒在地
Look out for cars when you cross the road.	當你過馬路的時候要當心汽車
We should've been more careful.	我們應該更小心的
I am looking forward to seeing you.	我期待見到你
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the meeting ended.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
Half of these apples are rotten.	這些蘋果的其中一半都爛了
The boy lay listening to the radio.	男孩躺着听收音机
It's not possible to stop here.	在这停留
I baked some apple pies.	我烤了蘋果派
I thought your parents liked me.	我認為你的父母喜歡我
Is it about ten o'clock?	大約十點鐘嗎
Is this the bus for Park Ridge?	這是去帕克里奇的巴士
You look happy today.	你今天看起來很高興
Mary is going to help us tomorrow.	玛丽明天会来帮我们
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.	因為這份工作的關係
There's a white dove on the roof.	屋顶上有只白鸽
Kissing a person who smokes is like licking an ashtray.	亲吻一个抽烟的人就像在舔烟灰缸
My brother lives in a small village.	我哥住在一座小村庄里
She's a stubborn girl.	她是个倔强的女孩
Everything's working fine.	一切正常
I'm sure you'll do great.	我相信你会做的很棒的
Tom will never see you again.	汤姆永远也不会见你了
I borrowed Tom's phone this morning.	我今天早上跟
I can come at three.	我三點鐘可以來
She told us the road was closed.	她告訴我們道路被封閉了
You and I are good friends.	你和我是好朋友
I'm sure I can find something for you to do.	我確定我能找點給你做的事
This dog was born two months ago.	這隻狗是兩個月前出生的
How long have you lived in Boston?	你在波士顿住了多久
You will not be able to catch the train.	你將無法趕上火車
I don't think she takes after her mother.	我不觉得她像她妈妈
Who's going to believe that?	谁会信呢
I recognized some of the tunes that Tom played.	我认出了一些汤姆演奏的调子
Why are you being so evasive?	你为什么这么含糊其辞
Let's not ever do this again.	我们再也别这样做了
Tom and Mary are in the same class.	汤姆和玛丽在同一个班级
Well, the night is quite long, isn't it?	夜晚很长
That's why I don't approve of your plan.	那就是我不赞同你的计划的原因
The soldiers lost the courage to fight.	士兵们失去了战斗的勇气
You are not at all wrong.	你完全没错
The horse trotted down the road.	马在路上小跑着
Maternal love is greater than anything else.	母爱比任何别的东西都伟大
I'll go with you as far as the bridge.	我会跟着你走到桥那里
He hit his head against a rock.	他的头撞倒了一块岩石
Half a loaf is better than none.	聊勝於無
I take my health seriously.	我重視自身的健康
Don't try to stop me.	别想阻止我
I'll make you a new suit.	我會給你做一套新衣服
The girl was gazing at the doll.	女孩凝视着洋娃娃
He missed the last train.	他错过了最后一班火车
Tom and Mary used to be friends, right?	湯姆和瑪麗以前是朋友
What happened to your friend's daughter?	你朋友的女儿怎么了
The boat is going against the current.	船逆流航行
You continue making the same mistakes time after time.	你每次都继续犯同样的错误
You've never been happy.	你从来没有快乐过
Do you know your size?	您知道您的尺寸吗
Tom knows a lot of people.	汤姆熟人多
We are leaving Japan next month.	我們下個月將離開日本
She loves Tom.	她愛湯姆
Why didn't you bring your hat today?	为什么你今天没有把帽子带来
All their efforts were in vain.	他們的努力都白費了
I had my composition corrected by the teacher.	我把我的作文拿給老師訂正
Are you insinuating something?	你是不是想暗示什么
We didn't know which bus to take.	我們不知道要搭哪一班公車
He is independent of his parents.	他獨立於他的父母
Do you plan to go abroad?	你打算出国吗
We are sorry we are unable to accept your request.	很抱歉
He isn't able to buy a car.	他不能买车
I like wine.	我喜欢葡萄酒
Please come whenever you like.	請你想什麼時候來都可以
You don't have to hide.	你不用藏著
She told me an interesting story.	她给我讲了一个有趣的故事
My aunt grows tomatoes in her garden.	我阿姨在她的花園種蕃茄
I want something cold to drink.	我想喝點冷飲
His job is driving a sight-seeing bus.	他的工作是驾驶观光巴士
The risk is too great.	风险太大
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.	對不起
He'll never beat me.	他永远不会打败我的
I may have made a mistake.	我可能搞错了
Tom went into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee.	汤姆进了厨房
Tom helped Mary move the furniture.	汤姆帮玛丽移动家具
Tom doesn't need to worry about it.	汤姆不需要担心
Would you mind lending me your pencil?	你介意把你的筆借給我嗎
I didn't go to school last month.	我上個月沒上學
She hung the calendar on the wall.	她把日曆掛在牆上了
What are you concerned about?	你在担心什么呢
I like this color, too.	我也喜歡這個顏色
If for some reason they come early, please tell them to wait.	如果他们由于什么原因早到的话
He told me his life's story.	他跟我讲了他的人生故事
Thank you for inviting me to dinner.	谢谢你邀请我吃饭
Tom felt his phone vibrate.	汤姆感觉手机震荡了
I'd like three of these.	这个给我来三个
I'll come as often as possible.	我會來盡可能常來
How stupid of me to do so!	我干了件什么傻事啊
For the time being, my sister is an assistant in a supermarket.	目前
Hands up! This is a robbery.	把手举起来
I have a thorn in my finger.	我的手指頭有一根刺
We require your help.	我們需要你的幫助
I don't have any other questions.	我没有别的问题了
When can we eat, I wonder.	我不知道我們什麼時候可以吃
The bill passed by a small majority of 10 votes.	法案以
He said, "I want to be a scientist."	他說
I was very relaxed.	我很放鬆
What kind of a person is Tom?	汤姆是个什么样的人
What size shoes do you wear?	你穿幾號的鞋子
I made a mistake.	我搞错了
Don't ask me what it was.	别问我这是什么东西
I don't know if today is Tuesday or Wednesday.	我不知道今天是星期二還是星期三
He hid himself behind a large rock.	他藏到一个大石头后面了
You won't be punished.	您不会受罚
I miss you so much.	好想見到你
The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more.	最好的減肥方法就是少吃多運動
How tall are you?	你有多高
We don't have any water.	我们没水
What's the weight of your suitcase?	你的行李多重
"Would you like any more?" "No, I've had enough."	"	你想再多吃點嗎
Did Tom show an interest?	汤姆感兴趣吗
He is used to speaking in public.	他習慣在公眾場合說話
I'm surprised you agreed to have lunch with me.	我很訝異你願意和我一起吃午餐
It'll cost about 10,000 yen.	它將花費大約
We're going to discuss the problem tomorrow.	我們明天討論這個問題
Please accept my sincere apologies.	請接受我誠摯的歉意
I took a cab to the station.	我搭了計程車到車站
Almost all the doors were closed.	幾乎所有門都關了
I ate an apple.	我吃了一個蘋果
I know who lives in this house.	我知道谁住在这房子里
The hunter shot the fox dead.	獵人射殺了狐狸
As long as you are here, we might as well begin.	既然你在這裡
We have many goals.	我們有許多目標
All Tom needs is a little more time.	汤姆只是需要多一点时间
Put your hands up!	举起手来
They should arrive by ten o'clock.	他們應該十點前到
When did this occur?	這是什麼時候發生的
Would you like to add anything to what I've said?	您对我说的话有什么要补充的吗
My father is retiring next spring.	我爸爸明年春天就要退休了
I need to get to bed.	我该去睡觉了
I don't think we've been introduced.	我们之前没有见过吧
The store is closed Mondays.	商店周一关门
My father loves pizza.	我父親愛吃比薩
Do you feel any pain in your stomach?	你的胃會痛嗎
What are the origins of the Olympics?	奥林匹克的起源是什么
Over-sleeping is no excuse for being late.	睡过头不是迟到的理由
I've already put Tom to work on it.	我已经让汤姆去做它了
I don't know the meaning of this word.	我不知道这个词的意思
It hasn't been easy for Tom to deal with Mary's health problems.	处理玛丽的健康问题对汤姆来说不容易
Are you there?	你在吗
We still have more time.	我們仍然有更多的時間
He is a dentist by profession.	他是一位专职牙医
Give me the same, please.	请给我同样的东西
Why on earth did you sell your newly-built house?	你到底为什么把你新建的房子卖了
Tom and Mary went to the best restaurant in town.	汤姆和玛丽去了镇上最好的饭店
He quickly made friends with the new boy on the block.	他很快便与小区里新来的男孩交上了朋友
I'm not wearing pants.	我没穿裤子
You'd better take it easy.	你最好放松
Tom seems to speak French better than before.	汤姆讲法语好像比以前好
Have you ever been robbed?	你被抢劫过吗
I've eaten one apple.	我吃了一個蘋果
My wife and children depend on me.	我的老婆孩子都依靠我
I'm at home.	我在家裡
We enjoyed watching the TV.	我們喜歡看電視
I'm extremely grateful to you.	我無法表達我對你的感謝
Have you ever been to Kobe?	你去过神户吗
I didn't have lunch today.	我今天沒吃午餐
My heart was filled with happiness.	我心里充满着快乐
Can you play the guitar?	你会弹吉他吗
The exam was two and a half hours long.	考试时间为两个半小时
Could you please lend me thirty dollars?	請問你能借給我三十美圓嗎
Where do you work now?	你现在在哪里工作
You're a good person.	您是一個好人
Is this really real?	这真是真的吗
I got her to clean my room.	我讓她清掃了我的房間
I want to become an engineer.	我想成為一位工程師
I feel like going out today.	我今天想出門
I have just washed all the dishes.	我剛洗了所有的碗盤
Teaching English is his profession.	教英语是他的职业
Tom wants popcorn.	湯姆要爆米花
I'm not very good at swimming.	我不擅长游泳
She recognized the brooch as the one she had lost a few months before.	她认出那枚胸针是她几个月前丢失的
You're much less likely to get a good position if you don't speak English.	如果你不会说英语
What can go wrong?	什么可以出岔子
Stay sharp.	保持警惕
Who are you?	你是誰
He is acting on his own behalf.	他为自己的利益行事
The problem's been solved.	問題已解決
Broccoli is one of the healthiest vegetables.	西蘭花是最健康的蔬菜之一
Come along with us.	跟我們一起來吧
The next concert will take place in June.	下一场音乐会将在六月份举办
How's work?	工作怎么样
This sofa can seat three people easily.	这张沙发起码可以坐三个人
I warned him not to be late.	我警告了他不要遲到
Come and see me at eleven o'clock.	十一點鐘來看我
I want a hug.	我想要个抱抱
You're not even paying attention.	你根本沒有注意
This vending machine isn't working.	這台自動販賣機故障了
He looked over my report.	他仔細看了我的報告
Let's discuss it.	一起讨论吧
This is a picture of my family.	這是一張我的全家福照片
I have two dogs. One is white and the other black.	我有两条狗
Don't ask me anything.	什麼都別問我
That's the same story as I heard when I was a child.	那跟當我是個孩子時所聽到的是同樣的故事
I'm not stupid.	我不是笨蛋
Tom is a Vietnam veteran.	汤姆是一个越军退役军人
They gave us very little trouble.	他們幾乎不給我們添麻煩
Do you have any Japanese magazines?	你有任何日本雜誌嗎
My uncle runs a hotel.	我叔叔開旅館
Tom is taking a day off.	汤姆在休一天假
Many people only speak one language.	許多人只說一種語言
This job doesn't pay.	这个工作没有酬劳
We're friends.	我們是朋友
He didn't fear death.	他不怕死
I doubt his story.	我怀疑他的故事
Tom is grinning.	汤姆露齿而笑
Maybe we should open it now.	我們現在可能該打開它
Tom doesn't want to come.	汤姆不想来
She is wearing the same dress that she had on yesterday.	她穿著跟昨天相同的衣服
They hated Tom.	他們恨湯姆
I don't know what to say.	我不知道说什么
What do you need?	你需要什麼
Tom sent me there.	湯姆送我去了那裡
She is a pretty girl.	她是一個漂亮的女孩
I've been cheated before.	我以前被騙過
All you have to do is say the word, and I'll leave.	你只要说句话
You're wasting our time.	你在浪费我们时间
My team is always losing.	我们队从来就没赢过
That's exactly what he said.	这就是他所说的
I'm shorter than you.	我比你矮
Tell me which you want.	告訴我你想要哪個
I don't like singing in public.	我不喜歡在公共場合唱歌
I've lost my pencil.	我的鉛筆掉了
How many people work there?	有多少人在那里工作
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.	我已经找了很久的工作
You don't need to hurry.	你不必著急
How about Friday?	你觉得周五怎么样
This is where the accident happened.	这里就是事故发生的地方
I get the feeling you're trying to tell me something.	我感觉你想告诉我什么事
Modern technology has made our lives more comfortable.	现代科学技术让我们的生活更加舒适
What he says makes no sense at all.	他说的话根本毫无意义
He had his socks on inside out.	他把他的襪子穿反了
He dried himself with a towel.	他用毛巾弄干自己
You need to go.	你們得走了
This is a very tall tree.	这是棵很高的树
My mother took my temperature.	我媽媽量了我的體溫
I heard you were injured trying to help Tom.	我听说你在试图帮助汤姆的时候受伤了
I think I'll be able to deal with that.	我认为我能做好
They know what happened.	他们知道发生了什么
You should've attended the meeting.	你應該參加這個會議的
It's true that she's dead.	她确实死了
Let's get to work.	干活吧
What should I buy?	我要买什么
There wasn't a soul in sight.	一個人影也看不到
It's as cold as ice.	它冷得像冰一樣
There isn't a drop of water left.	沒有剩下一滴水
I have a cold.	我感冒了
I have to go to the toilet.	我要去廁所
Tom has very broad shoulders.	汤姆肩膀很宽
Tom's daughter pretended not to know him when he came to pick her up from school in his battered old car.	当汤姆开着他破旧的雷泽车来接女儿放学时
I woke up at 2:30.	我在
Wonderful!	很棒
They eat a lot of rice.	他们吃很多米饭
We rented a truck to move our furniture.	我們租了輛卡車來運我們的家具
Tom cut his finger.	汤姆切到了手指
This is the office in which he works.	這是他工作的辦公室
I just wish we could leave this horrible place.	我只是希望我们能离开这个可怕的地方
I'm afraid I've offended you.	我怕我冒犯了你
A laptop is better than a desktop.	笔记本电脑比台式电脑好
Everyone should bring their own lunch.	每個人都應該帶自己的午餐
Do you understand what I mean?	你知道我的意思嗎
Did you call?	你打過電話了嗎
I actually agree with you.	我确实同意你的想法
Who is your favorite actor?	你最喜歡的演員是誰
You have to leave.	你們得走了
I know I owe you money.	我知道我欠你錢
Tom wanted Mary to say that she loved him.	汤姆想让玛丽说爱他
I can't find the knife.	我找不到刀
I love going to the movies.	我喜歡看電影
Tom was the last one off the bus.	湯姆是最後下巴士車的人
You may choose any of them.	你可以選擇他們之中的任何一個
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and dumb.	海倫凱勒眼盲
I'm drinking milk.	我在喝牛奶
Wine is poetry put into a bottle.	酒是灌入瓶中的诗
She had two accidents within a year.	她一年內遇到了兩次事故
Because his salary is low, he can't buy that house.	因為他的薪水太低
I wish you success.	祝你成功
I baked cookies.	我烤了曲奇
You don't need a gun.	你不需要枪
Tom spoke about the problem with Mary.	汤姆跟玛丽说了这问题
Tom became a doctor.	汤姆成了医生
She was very proud of her father.	她非常地以她父親為榮
Tom is building a house.	汤姆在盖房子
I know him by name, but not by sight.	我知道他的名字
Aren't you coming to pick me up tomorrow morning?	你明天早上不来接我吗
All you can do is wait.	所有你能做的就是等待
The young man put out his hand and I shook it.	年轻人伸出他的手
Why are you so secretive?	你為什麼這麼神秘
Their trip was postponed because of the rain.	他们的旅行因为下雨延期了
I'm asking you what you think.	我问你你在想什么
Don't be sad.	别伤心
Take whatever you like.	你喜歡什麼就拿吧
I'm a little angry with you.	我對你有一點生氣
You should get your hair cut.	你该理发了
What you said is baloney.	你说的东西是胡扯
How many days are there in a week?	一周有几天
Do you think Tom will show up?	你認為湯姆會出現嗎
There are too many things to do!	要做的事太多了
Why do you want to die?	你为什么想死
Why don't we order pizza?	为什么不订些批萨呢
I can't adjust myself to the climate here.	我不能適應這裡的氣候
There are many fish in this lake.	这湖里有许多鱼
If there was no sun, all the animals would be dead.	如果没有太阳
From what school did you graduate?	您是从哪个学校毕业的
They're young, but they have experience.	他們還年輕
The man is wanted for murder.	這人因謀殺被通緝
I'm glad we agree.	我很高兴我们同意
I'm sorry, but it's just not possible.	我很抱歉
My father is in his room.	我父親在他的房間裡
It's difficult to quit smoking.	戒烟难
You're really wonderful.	你真是太好了
How come you don't know this?	你怎么会不知道
I want your opinion.	我想要聽聽你的意見
I don't have the strength to keep trying.	我没力气继续尝试了
I don't understand.	不明白
We didn't see anybody.	我们谁也没看见
I have things to take care of.	我有些事
I'm hoping that'll happen.	我希望那會發生
There are four people in my family.	我家有四個人
There is a cottage beyond the bridge.	桥对面有一间小屋
The thief got away with the money.	小偷帶著錢逃跑了
Tom is coming next week.	湯姆下週會來
School begins at 8:30 a.m.	學校在上午八點三十分開始上課
How many languages can you speak?	你會說多少種語言
Were you at home yesterday?	昨天你不在家嗎
My sleep was disturbed by the sound.	那声音搅了我的美梦
A true scientist would not approach the question this way.	真正的科学家不会这样去思考
He rescued the dog at the risk of his own life.	他冒着生命危险救了那条狗
He confessed his guilt.	他承認他有罪
You should eat more vegetables.	你應該多吃蔬菜
I always drink milk with my breakfast.	我早餐一定会喝牛奶
They kissed each other.	他们亲吻了
Tom is worried for his safety.	湯姆擔心他的安全
Tom doesn't know the difference between Iraq and Iran.	汤姆不知道伊拉克和伊朗有什么区别
See you tomorrow at the library.	明天图书馆见
They're typical young people.	他们是典型的年轻人
I don't know how to express my thanks.	我不知道如何表達我的謝意
My father will retire at the age of sixty.	我父亲六十岁就要退休了
I'll remember you forever.	我會永遠記住你的
Trust me.	相信我
He was raised in an artistic family.	他在艺术世家长大
Watch your step.	小心脚下
Immediately after it caught fire, the chemical factory blew up.	化学工厂一着火就爆炸了
I wish I could speak English.	但願我會講英語
I thought we had agreed on this.	我認為我們己經同意了
Does she speak English?	她會說英語嗎
He shaves every day.	他每天刮鬍子
This is my horse.	这是我的马
I promised him that I would come today.	我答应他我今天会来
Christmas is soon, right?	聖誕節很快就到了
He wrote a book about the American Civil War.	他写了本关于美国南北战争的书
He has all kinds of books.	他有各种各样的书
I am a student of this school.	我是这个学校的学生
I cannot stop it.	我无法阻止它
Try it again.	再試一次
I don't know for certain when he will come.	我不知道他来这里的确切时间
It won't take long.	不會花很多時間的
Tom has gained weight.	湯姆變胖了
Do you smoke?	你吸烟吗
The night was cold.	夜晚很冷
Will you put on this kimono?	你會穿這件和服嗎
He lives somewhere around the park.	他住在公园周围的某个地方
People rely too much on phones these days.	現代人太仰賴手機
Paris is one of the largest cities in the world.	巴黎是世界上最大的城市之一
I do not love him any longer.	我已经不爱他了
What do you want to say to me?	你想对我说什么
Tom studies philosophy at college.	汤姆在大学里学的是哲学
Classes begin next week.	课程下周开始
If you're hungry, why don't you eat?	如果你饿了
Tom isn't at the hotel.	汤姆不在酒店
I am a student in a university.	我是一名大学生
Answer the telephone, will you?	請你接聽一下電話
I will play tennis this afternoon.	我今天下午會去打網球
You're a strange girl.	你是个奇怪的女孩
Christmas is just around the corner.	聖誕節快到了
You needn't have taken an umbrella with you.	你其实没必要带伞
The bus was filled to capacity.	這輛公車客滿了
Do I have to stay in the hospital?	我必須留在醫院嗎
You should always do your best.	你應該永遠盡力而為
Can you tell me what this is?	你能告诉我这是什么吗
I have been in Japan for two months.	我在日本已經兩個月了
Hurry. Please lend me a hand.	快點
I feel like another beer.	我想再来一杯啤酒
We work together.	我们一起工作
We should tell children how to protect themselves.	我们应该告诉孩子怎么保护自己
You like elephants.	你喜欢大象
There's a hole in this bucket.	這個桶有個洞
We all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man.	我們都想知道她為什麼甩了這麼好的一個男人
She lost a book.	她弄丟了一本書
I'm here on business.	我在這裡出差
I like beans.	我喜欢豆子
What are you up to these days?	最近在干些什么
Do you read French every day?	你每天读法语吗
Tom's speech was good.	汤姆的演讲很精彩
Tom has lost his interest in studying French.	湯姆已經失去學習法語的興趣
I just want to know what actually happened.	我只想知道实际上发生了什么
I need my boots.	我需要我的靴子
Wealth does not always bring us happiness.	財富並不總是為我們帶來快樂
We have barely enough bread for breakfast.	我们早饭的面包刚够吃
Brush your teeth before going to bed.	上床睡觉前要刷牙
You're not too late.	你還不太晚
I lost my ticket. What should I do?	我丢了我的票
Why do you work?	你为什么工作
He's very angry.	他非常生气
I'm busy looking for an apartment.	我正忙著找公寓
I thought Tom would enjoy the party.	我以为汤姆会喜欢这个聚会
He came to see me.	他來看我了
I can't walk.	我不能走
I like to travel.	我喜歡旅行
I don't want to discuss it.	我不想谈论这件事
It's very easy to learn how to swim.	学游泳非常简单
There was nothing the doctors could do.	醫生甚麼也做不了
We're very different.	我们很不一样
Most people only want to hear their own truth.	大部分人只想听到他们自己的真理
I had a flu shot.	我接种了流感疫苗
We'll be here for three more days.	我們還要在這里待三天
My father retired at the age of 65.	我父親在六十五歲時退休
Please show me what to do next.	請告訴我下一步該做什麼
You're quite right.	你是對的
He waited for me until I arrived.	他等我直到我來
The police were able to find the criminal.	警方能夠找到罪犯
She will give her picture to whoever wants it.	她会把她的照片给想要的人
She is my daughter.	她是我女儿
I'm really sorry to hear that.	听到这样的消息我真的很难过
Don't you think so?	你不这么认为吗
"Is she coming, too?" "I hope so."	“	她也会来吗
Tom is good, but not good enough.	汤姆好
Tom's lonely.	汤姆很孤独
They waited for their teacher.	他們等待著他們的老師
I saw it with my own eyes.	我親眼看見了
The boy got in through the window.	這個男孩從窗戶進去了
Speech is silver, but silence is golden.	雄辯如銀
It all makes sense now.	现在一切都明白了
At that moment, time seemed to stand still.	那一刻
She has a lot of English books.	她有很多英文書
Will you lend me your bicycle?	你能把你的自行车借给我吗
Tom seemed surprised.	汤姆好像很惊讶
I tried in vain to deal with the problem.	我想解決這個問題
Did Tom ever threaten you?	湯姆威脅過你嗎
I'm sick of English.	我厌倦了英语
Tom said that he didn't want to waste time arguing.	汤姆说他不想把时间浪费在争论上
Let me think for a while.	讓我思考一下
Why did you buy so many cookies?	你为什么买这么多曲奇
How soon will the meeting begin?	会议什么时候开始
Whose is that notebook?	這臺筆記本電腦是誰的
I don't want to miss the exam.	我不想错过考试
Tom and Mary were both born in Boston.	湯姆和瑪麗都生在波士頓
I don't like your friends.	我不喜欢你朋友
The volcano erupted suddenly, killing many people.	火山突然喷发
She saddled him with the work.	她強迫他做這個工作
Follow that car.	跟上那辆车
I planted a peach tree in my yard.	我在我的院子里种了棵桃树
I have two sons.	我有兩個兒子
Have you bought a raffle ticket yet?	你买彩票了吗
We had bad weather yesterday.	昨天天氣很糟
I can't afford to pay so much.	我付不起這麼多錢
Tom's cooking was actually not so bad.	湯姆的廚藝其實不那麼糟糕
My wallet and passport are missing.	我的錢包和護照不見了
Who planted this tree?	谁种了这棵树
When I arrived, it was raining.	當我到達時
He set fire to his own house.	他放火烧了自己的房子
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.	一只狐狸不会两次掉入同一个陷阱里
If you don't know the way, ask a policeman.	要是不知道路的话去问警察吧
Be careful what you say.	注意言行
We had a chat for a while.	我們聊了一會兒
What would you like to drink?	你想喝什么
I didn't think that Tom could win.	我不觉得汤姆能赢
I often eat chicken.	我經常吃雞
Almost all the work is done now.	幾乎所有的工作都完成了
We aren't young.	我们不年轻
He wants to kiss her.	他想亲她
It is good to see you.	见到你真好
I caught five fish yesterday.	我昨天釣了五條魚
This train stops at every station.	這班火車每站都停
Where did you find my umbrella?	你们在哪找到我的雨伞的
My father takes a bath before supper.	我的父親在晚飯前洗澡
You hate Tom, don't you?	你恨湯姆
Is it OK if I go out with Tom?	我跟汤姆出去逛行吗
I'll not be at home next Sunday.	我下周日不在家
The Diet will meet on Tuesday.	国会将在周二开会
Tom thinks I'm too young.	汤姆认为我太年轻
I'll wait here until she comes.	我會在這兒等著直到她來
I should not have said that.	我不该说那个
Call me when you get settled in.	你安頓好就打電話給我
Forewarned is forearmed.	凡事要預先準備好
Water turns into steam when it is boiled.	水沸腾后变为蒸汽
Tom usually only eats oatmeal for breakfast.	汤姆通常早饭只吃燕麦
Back off!	后退
They reported seeing the incident.	他们报告目击了事故
He complains all the time.	他總是在抱怨
None of the teachers could solve the problem.	所有的老师都无法解决这个问题
I had intended to go shopping this afternoon.	我这个下午本来想去逛街
I helped her wash dishes.	我幫她洗碗
My father is a bit old-fashioned.	我爸爸有点守旧
Do you think I'm joking?	你觉得我是在开玩笑吗
The Eiffel Tower is in the same city as the Louvre Museum.	埃菲尔铁塔和卢浮宫在同一座城市
I found some money in the park.	我在公園里找到了些錢
You have to wait in line.	您必须排队
I will ask him about it tomorrow, then.	那我明天会问他的
The video quickly went viral.	这个视频很快火了
I met him on my way home.	我在回家的路上遇見了他
She complained to me of his rudeness.	她向我抱怨他的粗鲁无礼
Tom is really handsome.	汤姆真帅
Tom sat at his desk working.	湯姆在他的桌邊工作
Won't you come over to my place?	你不會來我家嗎
It may or may not be true.	这可能是真的
You've got a big hole in your sock.	你的袜子上有个大洞
I'm sure Tom can't swim.	我确定汤姆不会游泳
The baby is sleeping in the cradle.	嬰兒正在搖籃裡睡覺
Why is the table so wobbly?	桌子为什么这么晃
That's a pheasant.	那是一隻野雞
We have a special connection.	我們有特殊聯繫
Some people clung to tree branches for several hours to avoid being washed away by the floodwaters.	为了不被洪水冲走
The assignment took me longer than I had expected.	我用了比我预期更长的时间来完成作业
You can't live without water.	沒有水你不能生活
It worried me that she looked pale.	她虚弱的样子让我捏了一把汗
Three bulbs have burned out.	三个灯泡烧坏了
I suspect that they water down the beer in that pub.	我怀疑那家酒馆的啤酒兑水了
He is good at golf.	他高尔夫球打得好
There's no light without shade, and no shade without light.	不存在没有阴影的光明
There's no telling what he'll do next.	没有人知道他接下来会干什么
I sell flowers.	我卖花
I don't like what he said.	我不喜歡他說的話
I'm sorry, could you say that again?	抱歉
It was very nice seeing you again.	非常高興再次見到你
He wouldn't listen to my advice.	他不聽我的勸告
We're not young.	我们不年轻
My grandmother lives by herself.	我祖母獨自生活
This size is too large for me.	这个码对我来说太大了
Which fruit do you like the best?	你最喜爱的水果是什么
She got over the shock of her father's death.	她從她父親過世的震驚中恢復了
I never make a speech without being nervous.	我没有一次演讲的时候是不紧张的
She dreamed that she was a princess.	她梦见她是一个公主
What's your name?	您叫什么名字
It wasn't you who told me about this.	这件事情不是你告诉我的
They've announced their engagement.	他們已經宣布訂婚了
His office is past the bank on your left.	经过银行
You can go.	你可以去了
Bring me the newspaper, please.	請把報紙拿來給我
I use Firefox.	我使用火狐浏览器
I want to learn how to swim.	我想学习如何游泳
He is responsible for the accident.	他為這個事故負責
Terrific!	很棒
He lived in Matsue for seven years.	他住在松江七年了
I'm afraid of dogs.	我怕狗
Mother Teresa was given the Nobel prize.	特蕾莎修女被授予諾貝爾獎
Tom might be a vegetarian.	湯姆可能是素食者
I take full responsibility for the action.	我會為這次行動負起全責
It needs to be repaired.	它需要修理
You can't live like this.	你不能這樣活
You can hold my hand.	你可以握住我的手
I have ten pens.	我有十支筆
Tom looked at Mary suspiciously.	汤姆怀疑地看着玛丽
I am very tired.	我很累
Mom is older than Dad.	妈妈比爸爸老
How many blankets are there on the bed?	床上有多少張毯子
Why should I go to school?	为什么我应该去上学
We had an early lunch at school.	我們在學校有一個早午餐
There are many birds in this forest.	这个森林里有很多小鸟
We'll talk about it tomorrow.	我們明天討論它
We watched the soccer game on TV.	我們看了電視上的足球比賽
Your order has been submitted.	您的訂單已經提交了
It's pretty heavy.	它真重
Look at all that money.	看那堆钱
She is weak by nature.	她天生体弱
I haven't heard that story yet.	我還沒有聽過那個故事
I think to clearly distinguish opinion from fact is important.	我认为辨别清楚意见和事实很重要
There's a crown here.	这里有个皇冠
Go home.	回家
This is just between you and me.	这只是我们之间的秘密
I want some money.	我想要点钱
I wish you'd slow down.	我希望你慢下來
What're you up to?	你打算做什么
Our chef is very busy today.	我们的厨师今天很忙
There's no point in trying again.	再试也无济于事了
The dog followed me to my home.	这只狗跟着我到了我家
Can you name one of their songs?	你能够说出一首他们的歌的名字吗
Tom is drinking some water.	汤姆在喝点水
There's nothing you can do for Tom.	你無法為湯姆做甚麼
The gate is so narrow that the car can't pass through it.	门太窄了
Your prophecy has come true.	你的预言成真了
I think I'll stay.	我認我會留下
Everyone wants what they can't have.	每个人都想要得到无法拥有的东西
Can I say something?	我可以說些什麼嗎
I was born and raised in Tokyo.	我在东京出生长大
The French Revolution began in 1789.	法国大革命
Are you taking any medicine regularly?	你經常服用任何藥物嗎
He was wounded in the shoulder.	他伤了肩膀
She has plenty of work to do.	她有很多事要做
If I won the lottery, I'd buy a new car.	如果我中了彩票
Is it all right to take pictures in this building?	我们可以在大楼里拍照吗
He has ambition, so he works hard.	他有抱負
I'm not likely to kiss Tom.	我不可能亲汤姆
Tom or somebody said that.	汤姆或某人说了
You're wearing your sweater inside out.	你毛衣穿反了哟
Love your neighbors.	与邻居相亲相爱
He walked in the park yesterday.	他昨天在公園裡散步
Call me at 9:00 tomorrow.	明天九点打电话给我吧
Maybe you could draw me a picture.	你可以给我画张画
I can't believe Tom was able to do this all by himself.	没法相信
I wonder what the weather will be tomorrow.	不知道明天天气会怎么样呢
Driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck.	在光滑的路上开车会导致车祸
How are we going to pay for that?	我们怎么付钱
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.	我不喜欢茶
Recently I moved to another apartment.	最近我搬到另一棟公寓
Is your child a boy or a girl?	您的孩子是男是女
Your answer is right.	您的答案是正確的
We're preparing to do so.	我们准备去做
Please answer all the questions.	請回答所有問題
Stand back from the rope.	退到繩子後面
I dislike being alone.	我不喜歡獨處
The Hilton Hotel, please.	请开到希尔顿酒店
That smells like cheese.	那聞起來像奶酪
I'm tired of her complaints.	我厭倦了她的抱怨
I saw him playing baseball.	我看到他在打棒球
The moon is beautiful, isn't it?	今晚月色真美
Tom lives here.	汤姆住在这里
He has three brothers.	他有三个哥哥
While we were discussing the problem, I hit upon a good idea.	在我们讨论问题的过程中
I came by car.	我开车来的
Tom and Mary both know who you are.	湯姆和瑪麗都知道你是誰
My motorcycle is new.	我的摩托車是新的
I caught the flu.	我感冒了
How much did it cost?	多少錢
Will you explain the rule to me?	你能帮我说明一下规则吗
Is this something you want?	這是你要的嗎
I'd rather you stayed at home.	我寧願你待在家裡
The couple had a son.	这对夫妇生了个儿子
I'll be staying here for another three days.	我会在这儿再待上三天
I guess that's how Tom found me.	我猜那就是汤姆找到我的方法
She finds it a little distasteful.	她发现这有点令她不快
I threw a party.	我举办了一场派对
How many pictures did you buy?	你買了多少張圖畫
She is giving a party tonight.	她今晚舉行派對
We must learn to live in harmony with nature.	我们必须学会与自然和谐共处
Can I stay here with you?	我可以和你一起待在这儿吗
You're no longer a mere child.	你不再只是一个孩子了
She's a girl, but she's brave.	她是個女孩
Do you like rain?	你喜歡下雨嗎
Tom had a drink in his hand.	汤姆手里拿着饮料
He put on an air of innocence.	他摆出一副无辜的样子
She says you'll bring some friends along.	她說你會帶一些朋友過來
That's the most absurd idea I've ever heard.	这是我听过最荒谬的想法
Somebody has stolen my hair dryer.	有人偷了我的吹風機
We are classmates.	我们是同学
She is progressing in Chinese.	她中文有进步
Tom hasn't yet told us what he wants us to buy.	汤姆还没对我们说他希望我们买什么呢
Please speak more loudly.	請說更大聲一點
The skin of a shark is much rougher than that of a tuna fish.	鯊魚皮比金槍魚皮粗糙多了
I lost three kilograms.	我瘦了三公斤
I lent him a CD.	我借给他一盘
I'm afraid of dying.	我怕死
She has been sick for three weeks.	她已經病了三個星期了
There is a bridge over the pond.	池塘上有座桥
She was seen at a restaurant with her lover.	有人看見他和情人在飯店吃飯
He kept me waiting for an hour.	他讓我等了一個小時
Shut the door, please.	請關門
I'm single.	我單身
Anything else?	还有别的吗
He wanted to reduce the tax on imports.	他想要减少进口品的税
I rode a horse for the first time yesterday.	昨天我第一次骑了马
It seems that he's happy.	看來
Have you gone to see a doctor?	你去看过医生了吗
I had a wonderful time.	我度過了美好的時光
She sells flowers.	她卖花
It is necessary for you to go there.	你有必要到那里去
Do you understand French?	你會法語
I'll join you later.	我一會兒就來
It belongs to me now.	它现在归我了
I made it myself.	我自己做的
London is small compared to Tokyo.	和东京比
Tom will go there tomorrow.	湯姆明天會去那裡
I'll explain it in detail next week.	我下周会详细说明的
Tom bought a new notebook.	汤姆买了新笔记本
Keep your voice down.	你说话小点声
Are you going out tomorrow?	你明天出去吗
What are you doing now?	你現在在做什麼
What's the name of this tune?	这歌叫什么名字
The exhibition is already open.	展览现在已经开放
Are you guys free this afternoon?	你们今天下午有空吗
He did not answer the phone, so I sent him an email.	他没有接电话
A little learning is a dangerous thing.	一知半解很危險
She traveled around the world last year.	她去年环球旅行
He amassed a fortune in stock trading during the last boom.	他在上个景气时期炒股攒下了一笔钱
If you listen closely enough you'll be able to hear it.	靠近一點聽
She got on a bus for Harajuku.	她搭上了去原宿的巴士
How did you spend your weekend?	你的周末是怎么过的
She died on a cold night in December.	她在一个寒冷的十二月晚上死了
I like playing tennis and golf.	我喜欢打网球和高尔夫球
He no longer works here.	他不再工作于此
I just want to sleep.	我只想睡觉
Apples were served as the dessert.	蘋果被當作甜點
You lied to me, didn't you?	你對我說了謊
"When will you come back?" "It all depends on the weather."	“	你什么时候回来
Fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet.	蔬果对平衡饮食必不可少
The ball is that boy's prized possession.	这个球是那个男孩的宝贝
You have to sit down.	你得坐下来
I heard the news on the radio.	我從收音機聽到了這個消息
I was certain that you'd come.	我確定你會來
China is twenty times as large as Japan.	中国是日本的
There used to be a big pine tree in front of my house.	以前我家前面有棵大松树
Tom knows Mary was here.	湯姆知道瑪麗在這裡
Nobody voted against it.	没有人投反对票
These shoes are too tight. They hurt.	这些鞋子太紧了
Try once again.	再試一次
Imagination affects every aspect of our lives.	想像力影响着我们生活的各个方面
I know where I'm going next.	我知道我接下來去哪裡
Before he went fishing, he dug up some worms for bait.	出去釣魚前
Get Tom.	找到汤姆
Tom said that he didn't have it all figured out yet.	汤姆说他还没把事情完全搞明白
He killed that man.	他殺死了那個人
Tom didn't say where he was planning to go.	湯姆沒說他打算去哪裡
You might've heard of it.	你可能听说过
I find it much easier to speak French than English.	對我來說法語比英語說起來簡單得多
They'll kill you.	他們要殺你
Who do you want to speak to?	你想跟誰說話
Our teacher comes to school by car.	我們老師開車來學校
Tom woke when the phone rang.	当电话铃响的时候
The picnic was called off because of rain.	由于下雨
The old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century.	山上的老教堂的歷史可以追溯到
She may realize later what I meant.	她可能以後會明白我的意思
He couldn't stand the bitterness of the coffee.	他受不了咖啡的苦味
The man sold his soul to the devil.	这男人把他的灵魂卖给魔鬼
The light has turned green.	信号灯变绿了哟
He tends to be late for meetings.	他開會往往會遲到
Wait here till he comes back.	在这儿等到他回来为止
I know you're busy, too.	我知道
Such a plan is bound to fail.	這樣的計劃注定會失敗的
Could you exchange rooms with me?	可以跟我交換房間嗎
I need to go to the toilet.	我要去上廁所
I don't know what I should do now.	我不知道现在应该做什么
Do you know how to cook meat?	你知道怎麼煮肉嗎
He has three brothers.	他有三名兄长
I want to be a doctor.	我想当医生
I'm studying in the library.	我正在图书馆学习
What are your weekend plans?	你週末有什麼計劃
Will you sell your car to me?	你可以把你的車賣給我嗎
Tom shouldn't have been here today.	Tom	今天不該在這
There's no salt left.	没盐了
My room faces the garden.	我的房間面向花園
I have to reduce my expenses this month.	我这个月要减少开支
We have a problem here.	我们现在有了麻烦
Tom needs to be very careful.	湯姆需要很小心
They don't pay me enough.	他們給我錢沒給夠
You talk too much.	你說太多了
Do you believe in ghosts?	你相信有鬼魂吗
Tom is going to help us.	汤姆要帮助我们
He cannot have done such a thing.	他不可能做那種事
She has a strong personality.	她有很强的个性
She has a lot of money.	她有很多钱
I must decline.	我必须拒绝
Who is the author of this book?	這本書的作者是誰
She appears to have a headache.	她看起來頭痛的樣子
Is there a zoo in Boston?	波士顿有动物园吗
He lived abroad for many years.	他居住在國外多年
I don't know what you mean.	我不懂你什么意思
It's awfully hot today.	今天非常熱
The cat is not dead.	那猫没死
He hasn't written the letter yet.	他還沒寫信
He did nothing but cry.	他只是哭
What did you want to do?	你以前想做什么
You should see a doctor.	你應該去看醫生
He's a very disagreeable man.	他是個很討人煩的男人
We usually walk to school.	我们通常步行去学校
Please have a look at this book.	请看这本书
What is your house like?	你的房子如何
Nobody knows where he has gone.	沒有人知道他去了哪裡
He spent the night at his uncle's place.	他在他舅舅那裏過夜
I thought it would be worse.	我觉得会更糟
I'm beginning to remember it.	我开始记起来了
You walk too fast for me to keep up with you.	你走得太快我跟不上
This old book is worth 50,000 yen.	這本舊書值
I can do it alone.	我可以獨自做
I prefer hardwood floors to carpet.	我喜歡硬木地板勝過地毯
The problem is, he has no money.	问题是他没钱
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.	如果你没好话说
It is 7:45.	现在是
Someone's at the door.	有人在門口
She speaks English better than any of her classmates.	她的英語說得比班上任何人都好
What's your cousin's name?	你堂兄叫什么名字
It wasn't that cold.	没那么冷
The town was defended by a large army.	城市由一支大军守卫
I'd gladly pay more for something if it's of high quality.	如果它是高品質的東西我會很樂意多付一點錢
Some people are difficult to please.	有些人很難取悅
Do you feel lucky?	你觉得幸运吗
The typhoon caused the river to flood.	颱風造成了河水氾濫
Boil the water.	把水燒開
Dinosaurs died out a very long time ago.	恐龍在很久以前滅絶了
I'm still hungry.	我还饿着呢
Are you single?	你是单身吗
What's for supper?	我们晚饭吃什么
She loves children.	她愛孩子
I went to the airport by taxi.	我搭計程車去的機場
My hobby is collecting stamps.	我的嗜好是集郵
Please write back soon.	请快点回信
Can I have a few words with you?	可不可以和你说几句
I'll give you anything you want.	我會給你任何你想要東西
Tom opened the blinds and looked out the window.	汤姆打开百叶窗
They hugged each other.	他们互拥
I can't find my bag.	我找不到我的包了
Please help yourself to some fruit.	請你隨便吃點水果
It rained.	下了雨
I left my umbrella in the cab.	我把我的傘忘在計程車上了
There is a spoon missing.	缺一把勺子
The accident took place on the highway.	事故發生在高速公路上
My father goes to church on Sunday.	我爸爸週日上教堂
According to the weather forecast, it'll snow tomorrow.	天气预报说明天会下雪
I like summer the best.	我最喜歡夏天
Tom said he loved me.	汤姆说他爱我
What do you two do for fun?	你们两个做了什么有趣的事情呢
This is not important.	这不重要
Who's in charge of this section?	谁负责这个部门
Do you think we should send for the doctor?	你認為我們應該派人去請醫生來嗎
I stayed in Boston for three days.	我在波士頓待了三天
Why isn't anybody visiting my website?	为什么没人来我的网站呢
Her suggestion seems to have been turned down.	她的建议好像被拒绝了
Tom wasn't going to do anything to you.	汤姆不打算给你做任何事
I succeeded in getting what I wanted.	我成功地得到了我想要的
I have to speak with you immediately.	我必须马上和你说话
You look tense.	你看起来很紧张
Have you seen my father?	你看到我父亲了吗
Tom canceled his hotel reservation.	汤姆取消了他的酒店订单
Have your goals changed?	你们的目标变了吗
Tom is married to a Canadian named Mary.	汤姆和一个叫玛丽的加拿大人结婚了
The party ended at ten o'clock.	派對在十點鐘結束
His cottage is on the coast.	他的村屋在海岸上
I don't feel like eating sushi.	我不想吃壽司
She can't write or read.	她不会读书写字
His watch is ten minutes slow.	他的手錶慢了十分鐘
She had scarcely finished speaking when he cut in.	她几乎没有说完话
There used to be a bridge here.	以前這裡有一座橋
Please tell me what I should do.	請告訴我應該做什麼
I want to have a cup of coffee.	我要一杯咖啡
He caught her by the arm.	他抓住了她的胳膊
Earthquakes frequently hit Japan.	地震頻繁地襲擊日本
How interesting!	多么有趣啊
Do you know how to play mahjong?	你知道怎麼打麻將嗎
Tom ripped up the letter.	汤姆把信撕碎了
Let's turn back.	我们掉头吧
Where is the Japanese Embassy?	日本大使館在哪裡
Do you feel like resting?	你感觉轻松吗
Everything is bad.	一切都很糟糕
To tell the truth, I completely forgot.	說實話
Love blinded him to her faults.	愛情讓他盲目到看不到她的錯
I helped my father wash his car.	我幫我父親洗他的車
I feel weak.	我感到虚弱
She was tired, but she kept working.	她累了
They are jealous of our success.	她们嫉妒我们的成功
Tom is as tall as his father.	湯姆跟他爸爸一樣高
Are you sure?	你确定
We don't have class on Wednesday afternoons.	我们周三下午没课
I think that Tom lied to us.	我觉得汤姆对我们撒谎了
Can you lend me your knife?	能借给我你的刀吗
I can read without glasses.	没眼镜我可以读
Did you meet Tom?	你见过汤姆了吗
The next one's for you.	下一个给你
I'd like to show you something.	我有东西想给你看看
We probably don't have enough time to finish doing that today.	我们应该不够时间在今天之内完成它
The snow was knee deep.	積雪深及膝蓋
I go to school by bus.	我乘车去学校
She described him as a detective.	她把他形容为侦探
Do you have a cough?	你咳嗽嗎
I didn't get the point of his speech.	我没有抓到他演讲的重点
I had to cancel that order because we didn't have enough money to pay for it.	我们的钱不够
We found out that he was her father.	我们发现他是她的父亲
Can't we work this out?	我们做不成吗
I suggested that she go alone.	我建議她一個人去
Tom is good at cooking.	湯姆擅長烹飪
Everyone knows me.	大家都認識我
Tom was the worst.	湯姆是最壞的
She sent me a letter.	她寄给我一封信
I need more money.	我需要更多的錢
Step aside.	让开
I need many books.	我需要很多書
Get on the horse.	上马
Dad's in an impatient mood today.	爸爸今天不耐煩
We spoke briefly.	我们简短地谈了谈
The horse stopped and wouldn't move.	馬停了下來
The sale prices are written in red ink.	售價用紅墨水寫
I'm afraid that there isn't any coffee left.	恐怕已經沒有咖啡了
Everybody laughs.	每個人都在笑
All of them are not poor.	他们都不穷
He was held in captivity.	他被囚禁了
It sounds like a good idea.	聽起來是個好主意
I don't know when I should be there.	我不知道什么时候要在那里
I don't have much time.	我时间不多
Will it take long to recover?	要很長的時間才能恢復嗎
He tries hard.	他努力地嘗試
It was our secret.	它是我們的秘密
Boston is a great place to raise kids.	波士頓是養育小孩的好地方
I gave you my word.	我和你保证
We tried to stop you.	我們試著阻止你
Water poured from the broken pipe.	水從破裂的水管傾瀉而出
Let's clean our room.	打扫我们的房间吧
We were on the train for ten hours.	我們在火車上十個小時
Anyone may participate.	谁都可以参加
You will be sorry for it some day.	有一天这会让你遗憾的
I saw more than Tom knows.	我看的比
He's out now.	他现在出去了
The room is fully furnished.	房間裡家具齊全
I saw it with my own eyes.	我亲眼见到了它
I don't have any money on me.	我身上沒有錢
Please copy this.	麻煩拷貝這個
Father named me after his aunt.	父親以他姑姑的名字為我命名
My papers were in that box.	我的文件在那個箱子裡
You need a vacation.	你需要個假期
The fire alarm rang.	火警警报响了
You're not coming, are you?	你不會來
I really don't know that woman.	我完全不认识那个女人
You work too hard these days. Aren't you tired?	这些天你工作太多了
Be punctual.	要守时
He cured my illness.	他把我的病给医好了
He confused us.	他把我們弄糊塗了
He wears glasses.	他戴眼鏡
I didn't have time to watch TV yesterday.	我昨天沒時間看電視
Who does the gun belong to?	這把槍是屬於誰的
Nothing much has changed.	沒有多少改變
This is a dead-end alley.	这是个死胡同
Where can we make a phone call?	我們能在哪裡打電話
I don't speak Japanese.	我不说日语
Only a few TV programs are worth watching.	只有为数不多的几个电视节目值得关注
I don't want either of them.	它们中没有我要的
When did you buy it?	你是甚麼時候買的
If it's fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.	如果明天天气好
I have never felt better.	我从来没感觉那么好过
What's Tom's blood type?	湯姆的血型是甚麼
It is fun to speak in English.	说英语很有趣
I would like some more water.	请再给我一些水
We still have many other things to discuss.	我们还有许多别的事情要讨论
We've been going out three months.	我們交往了三個月
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.	这艘船太大
The train was so crowded that I had to keep standing all the way.	這班火車如此的擁擠以至於我整個車程都必須站著
You should have a doctor take a look at it.	你应该让个医生看看
My mother washes clothes every day.	我媽媽每天洗衣服
Can you read?	你能閱讀嗎
My car is at your disposal.	你可以随便用我的车
Sorry, we don't accept credit cards.	對不起
Get them before they get us.	先下手为强
When will you be free?	你什麼時候有空
You will soon get accustomed to your new school.	你很快就会适应你的新学校
My wife is a doctor.	我的老婆是醫生
Let's wait for a while and see how you do.	讓我們等一會兒看看你怎麼做
I have a lot of cats.	我有很多狗
She goes to night school.	她上夜校
We'd better talk.	我们最好谈谈
When did you begin playing golf?	你什麼時候開始打高爾夫球
Can you translate English into Japanese?	你可以把英文翻譯成日語嗎
That wasn't so hard, was it?	那不难
Tom didn't have a fever this morning.	湯姆今天早上沒有發燒
Is Tom well?	汤姆还好吧
I feel like a rest.	我想休息一下
Tom is growing a mustache.	湯姆留著小鬍子
What am I to do now?	怎么办
I think Tom should go on a diet.	我觉得汤姆需要减肥了
I'm sure you'll succeed.	我肯定你会成功
She gave us a present.	她給了我們一個禮物
He left his glasses at our place.	他把眼镜落在我们这里了
Tom looked at his notes.	汤姆看了看笔记
She must be sick.	她一定是生病了
Not even one taxi stopped.	甚至沒有一輛計程車停下來
I bought a pen, but I lost it.	我买了一支钢笔
She respects her teacher a lot.	她非常尊敬她的老师
Tom likes asparagus, but his brother doesn't.	湯姆愛吃蘆筍
I saw a woman in black.	我看见一个穿黑衣服的女人
She likes chocolate, too.	她也喜欢巧克力
How much money do I owe you?	我欠你多少錢
You have a point there.	喔
My foot hurts.	我的脚痛
The baby was fast asleep in her mother's arms.	孩子在母亲的怀中熟睡
Come as soon as possible.	尽早来
I don't want Tom to stay any longer.	我再也不要汤姆留下来
I couldn't stop myself from laughing.	我不能忍著不笑
Today is Thursday.	今天是星期四
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.	科学家们还没有找到癌症的治疗方法
Tom is the manager of a small restaurant.	汤姆是一家小餐馆的经理
I have to change into my work clothes.	我得换工服了
My father will come home at the end of this week.	我爸爸会在这周末回家
He is full of energy.	他充满活力
Please help yourself to the cake.	你们自己吃蛋糕
Whose guitar is this?	这把吉他是谁的
I don't want to drink anything.	我什么都不想喝
The weather forecast is not reliable at all.	天气预报一点也不可靠
Tom just got divorced, too.	湯姆也剛離婚
Two times two is four.	二乘以二等于四
Would you like sugar and milk?	你想要糖和奶吗
I will stand by you whatever happens.	不论发生什么事
Although old, he is still very much alive.	虽然上了年纪
We'll save a seat for you.	我们会给你留个位置
Nobody is too old to learn.	沒有人會因為太老而不能學習
I'm extremely tired.	我很疲惫
What are you eating?	在吃什么呢
He painted his bicycle red.	他把他的自行车刷成红色
Do you hate me?	你讨厌我吗
Sorry, I didn't hear you.	对不起
I love barbecue.	我喜欢烧烤食物
I still can't believe you're married.	我仍然無法相信你結婚了
If you really want to know, why don't you ask Tom?	如果你真的想知道的话
He took her out for a drive.	他帶她出去兜風了
What's the point in doing that?	幹嘛那麼麻煩
Did you borrow it?	你借它了吗
I found this book interesting.	我觉得这本书很有意思
The storm caused a lot of damage.	暴風雨造成了很大的損害
Tom is coughing again.	汤姆又在咳嗽了
Tom and Mary were talking.	汤姆和玛丽在说话
Tom decided to become a monk.	汤姆
She said something to him.	她對他說了些話
I'm getting too old for this job.	对于这份工作来说
I don't have a car.	我沒有汽車
This is the house where I live.	这是我住的房子
It's not a watch.	這不是手錶
This medicine will do you good.	这药对你有好处
Follow me.	跟我走
Don't leave me here alone.	別把我一個人留在這裡
This word is difficult to pronounce.	這個字很難發音
The snow will melt when the sun comes out.	太阳一出来
Is it far from here?	离这儿远吗
Between you and me, I'm going to quit my present job soon.	我只跟你说
Tom meant it as a joke, but nobody laughed.	汤姆认为那是个玩笑
It was my duty to do that.	做那事是我的责任
I went to the hospital.	我去了医院
He put on clean trousers.	他穿上了乾淨的褲子
I have to cook dinner today.	我今天要准备晚饭
Now's the time to decide whether you really want to get married or not.	现在是你决定是不是真要结婚的时候
I want that bag.	我想要那個袋子
We must do something.	我們必須做點甚麼
I'll stay at home tomorrow.	明天我会呆在家里
"What should I do?" I said to myself.	“	我该做什么呢
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.	我期待很快就能收到你的信
That was easier than I thought it would be.	比我想象中的更简单
This decision is final.	这是最终决定
Tom is going to tell Mary he's busy.	汤姆会和玛丽说他很忙
Is the door open?	門開著嗎
Write your name in capitals.	写下你名字的大写字母
Which countries have you visited?	你去过哪些国家
There's nothing more painful than losing one's child.	沒有比失去孩子更讓人悲傷的事
Count me in.	算我一个
How do you pronounce this word?	这个词怎么发音
Have you seen any movies lately?	最近看了什么电影没有
Our train stopped suddenly.	我们的火车突然停了下来
How are you all?	大家好嗎
What're you talking about?	你在说什么呢
What do you intend to do?	你想做什麼
When was this temple built?	这个寺庙是何时造的
Is there anything else you want me to do?	你还有什么事情需要我去做的吗
All of a sudden, three dogs appeared in front of us.	突然之間
I was fired without cause.	我被无故辞退了
What does PTA stand for?	PTA	代表什么意思
She's older than Tom.	她年紀比湯姆大
My uncle lives in an apartment.	我叔叔住在公寓裡
I'm stuck in my job.	我被工作困住了
Only then did he realize he had been deceived.	直到那时
I haven't seen a thing.	我什麼都沒看見
I'll give you this money.	我會給你這筆錢
No one was killed in the fire.	沒人死在火裡
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States.	这将是我环绕美国旅行中一个很好的纪念品
You'd better do it soon.	你最好尽快去做
My brother and I shared the room.	我哥哥和我共用這間房間
My eyes hurt.	我的眼睛痛
He did not work on Sunday night.	他週日晚上不工作
You have a good sense of humor.	你很有幽默感
It's self-evident.	這是不證自明的
There is a spoon missing.	少了一把勺子
Nothing seems to grow in this soil.	這個土壤似乎長不出任何東西來
What do you want to be?	你想成为什么
She won't be back till five.	她五點鐘才會回來
Are your eyes open?	你睜著眼嗎
You're walking too fast.	您走太快了
Do you want some more tea?	你想再要点茶吗
This company is listed on the Paris stock exchange.	这家公司在巴黎证券交易所上市了
Does he write letters in English?	他用英文寫信嗎
Are you laughing at me?	你在嘲笑我吗
Please add my name to the list.	請在名單上加上我的名字
I would have liked to come with you, but I didn't have time.	我想和你一起去
Sometimes I still miss her.	有時候
She held her baby in her arms.	她把她的孩子抱在懷裡
The family eats breakfast on the balcony.	一家人在陽臺上吃早飯
I cheered myself up by listening to music.	我藉由聽音樂來鼓舞我自己
You'd better do as the doctor advised you.	你最好照着医生的建议做
A dog was run over by a truck.	一条狗被卡车碾过
I listened, but I didn't hear anything.	我听了
Work slowly.	干活慢点
That was the best day of my life.	那是我生命中最美的一天
A friend of mine is studying abroad.	我有一位朋友在國外留學
I asked Tom to play the guitar.	我叫汤姆弹吉他
I was already tired.	我已经累了
They had a baby last week.	上週他們生了一個孩子
I wonder if you have something to write with.	我懷疑你是否有東西可寫
I wasn't able to go to his birthday party.	我那时没法去他的生日派对
I'm called Tom.	我叫
He often sits for many hours reading books.	他常常坐着看书一连好几个小时
She made a new suit for him.	她做了一套新衣服給他
Better luck next time.	祝你下一次好运
I may have made a mistake.	我可能犯了个错
The dog is blind in one eye.	那狗一只眼是瞎的
He has a wonderful personality.	他有一個很好的性格
Where is my newspaper?	我的报纸在哪里
He complained about the noise.	他抱怨這個噪音
We're fellow countrymen.	我们是同胞
Call security!	叫保安来
It's obvious that he lied.	顯然地他撒了謊
That's a nice coat.	那是一件不錯的大衣
I'm not greedy.	我不貪婪
When was it finished?	是什么时候完成的
He looked around, but he saw no one.	他看向四周
I want to eat some cake first.	我想先吃點蛋糕
I don't like this.	我不喜欢
Will you go out tomorrow?	你明天出去吗
He put his hand gently on her shoulder.	他把他的手溫柔地放在她的肩上
I'm tired of writing.	我写腻了
Tom did better this time than he did last time.	汤姆这次做得比上次好
Can you use a computer?	您会使用计算机吗
He disguised himself as a woman.	他打扮得像女人一樣
Tom is an artist.	湯姆是藝術家
Tom can't be older than me.	湯姆不可能比我年長
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give him money.	就算我富有
I understood everything Tom said.	我明白湯姆所說的一切
Tom got so absorbed in his work that he forgot to eat.	汤姆太专注于他的工作
His father dedicated his life to science.	他的父親把一生奉獻給了科學
Do you like my new haircut?	你喜欢我的新发型吗
She doesn't have a driver's license.	她没有驾照
They're speaking French.	他們在說法語
I have nothing to do with this matter.	我跟這件事無關
He was listening to music.	他正在聽音樂
She spends her leisure time making dolls.	她利用空闲时间做布娃娃
She was bewitched by his smile.	她被他的笑容迷住了
Can you please shut up?	你可以閉嘴嗎
I looked around me.	我看了看周圍
I'll come and pick you up at three.	我三点钟来接你
What's Tom saying?	湯姆在說甚麼
She cooked the dinner herself.	她自己煮晚餐了
Give it to them.	把它给他们
The man you saw yesterday is my uncle.	你昨天看到的那个男人是我叔叔
Tom is buying some flowers for Mary.	汤姆在给玛丽买花
Did Tom tell you why he wasn't at school yesterday?	汤姆告诉你他昨天为什么不去学校了吗
We enjoyed playing baseball.	我們喜歡打棒球
Was Tom asleep?	汤姆睡着了吗
I don't have that kind of time.	我可沒有那閒空
Tom is too tired to help you do that today.	湯姆今天太累
I was able to succeed because of your advice.	我因為有你的建議纔能成功
See you again.	再见
I confessed to stealing the money.	我承認偷了錢
I don't want to have an operation.	我不想接受手術
I guess I waited too long.	我好像等太久了
What's your name?	你叫什么
They are here.	他们在这里
It's not right.	不对
Have a safe trip.	祝你一路平安
This book isn't worth reading.	這本書不值得一讀
Is eating with chopsticks difficult?	用筷子吃饭难吗
She was able to answer whatever was asked.	不管问了什么
Tom will be painting the fence tomorrow.	Tom	明天將漆柵欄
I think that Tom has a crush on Mary.	我觉得汤姆爱上玛丽了
Is it near your house?	它在你家附近嗎
She worked from morning till night.	她從早上工作到夜晚
Beginners should learn spoken English first.	初學者應先學習口說英語
That might not have happened.	也許那沒有發生
A ball is floating down the river.	一個球正順流而下
I look forward to your next visit.	我期待著您的再次光臨
The street is paved with asphalt.	這條街鋪上了柏油
John is two years older than me.	John	比我大两岁
What are you up to?	你打算做什么
Am I a good teacher?	我是一個好老師嗎
He lost his eyesight in that accident.	他在那次意外中失去了他的視力
Why don't the police arrest Tom?	为什么警察不逮捕
It is difficult to understand this novel.	这部小说很难读懂
I cleared the table.	我清理了桌子
Where were you yesterday morning?	你昨天上午在哪裡
Join us.	来加入我们吧
Ask him what to do next.	问他下一步该做什么
He likes math, but I don't.	他喜欢数学
As soon as she heard the bell ring, she answered the telephone.	她一聽到鈴響
When will the world come to an end?	世界末日是什么时候
The answer misses the point.	回答偏了
Do you understand?	你明白了嗎
I want everyone to help me clean the house.	我希望所有人都来帮我打扫房子
It's not polite to point at others.	用手指別人是不禮貌的
I'm getting off at the next stop.	我將在下一站下車
Tom has blue eyes.	汤姆的眼睛是蓝色的
I seem to have a temperature.	我好像发烧了
Remember that I outrank you.	记住我的级别在你的之上
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me.	我知道不太可能有人願意幫助我
We'll cook.	我们会做饭的
Can you feel the difference?	你能感受到不同之處嗎
I felt something moving on my back.	我感到背上有东西动
What is your date of birth?	你的生日是几号
I am a student.	我是學生
Tom hit a triple.	湯姆擊出三壘安打
Can you feel it?	你感觉得到它吗
Is there a zoo in the park?	公园里有动物园吗
I think that Tom is a bit too impatient.	我觉得汤姆有些过于性急了
Leave my camera alone.	別碰我的相機
He looks down on women.	他小看女人
A dog followed me to my school.	一隻狗跟著我到我的學校
The main problem with Tom is that he has no sense of humor.	汤姆的主要问题是他一点幽默感都没有
I managed to repair my car by myself.	我自己搞定
Would you like some more tea?	您想再来点茶吗
Pass me the salt, please.	请给我盐
This shirt costs ten dollars.	這襯衫要十元
Tom went abroad.	湯姆出國了
We were nearly frozen to death.	我们几乎被冻死了
I know your son.	我认识你儿子
Tom's fearless.	汤姆无所畏惧
We're a family.	我們是個家庭
The village has no electricity.	村里没通电
This desk is better than that one.	這張書桌比那張好
I told Tom I thought that it was a good idea.	我和汤姆说了
This bread is very delicious.	这种面包很美味
The world is beautiful.	萬物真美好
People like you shouldn't be here.	你這樣的人不該在這裡
Tom says he feels a little better.	汤姆说他感觉好点了
Tom, I want you to handle this one.	汤姆
Her look says that she loves you.	她的樣子在說她愛你
Give it to me, please.	請把它給我
I was born on October 10th, 1972.	我出生於
Do you mind if I open the window?	你介意我开窗吗
She likes jazz, and so do I.	她喜欢爵士乐
You can stay here until the snow stops.	你可以在這裡等到雪停
Tom wondered why there was a dog in his house.	汤姆奇怪为什么他的房子里有只狗
I think this machine is in need of repair.	我认为这机器需要修理
I'm afraid I can't help you. You must ask someone else.	我担心可能帮不了你
I must catch the first train.	我必须赶上头班火车
She is not as young as she looks.	她没她看上去那么年轻
Is someone knocking on the door?	有人敲门吗
You're doing it the wrong way.	你這樣做是錯的
Do you plan to go overseas?	你打算出國嗎
You work too hard.	你工作太努力了
He didn't know that.	他不知道
Everyone should go.	每个人都该走
When did you learn to swim?	你什么时候学会游泳的
Go upstairs and bring down my trunk.	上樓把我的旅行箱拿下來
We just don't have enough time.	我们没有足够的时间了
How tall are your parents?	你的父母有多高
The countryside has many trees.	乡间有很多树
She's leaving the country in six months.	她半年后就要出国了
I want this telephone.	我想要这部电话
Give me what you have in your hand.	把你手里的东西给我
I went to the station to see my friend off.	我去车站为我朋友送行
The boss has already approved of our plans.	老闆已經批准了我們的計劃
When was this university founded?	这所大学是什么时候建的
I can understand what she is saying.	我能了解她在說什麼
He often quotes from Shakespeare.	他經常引用莎士比亞
Don't eat like a pig.	别像猪一样猛吃东西
You don't deserve the salary they're paying you.	你不应该得到他们给你的薪水
He had decided on a new policy.	他已經決定了新的政策
Are you for or against his idea?	您赞成还是反对他的想法
I'm still angry about that.	我还是为那生气
It would appear that you're wrong.	你似乎错了
What is that?	那是什么
This probably means war.	这很可能意味着战争
Tom waved at Mary from the helicopter.	湯姆在直升機上向瑪麗揮手
I simply don't understand this.	这件事我实在不懂
"The phone is ringing." "I'll get it."	“	电话响了
People should be encouraged.	人们应该被鼓励
Clean the room.	打掃房間
Is this edible?	这个能吃吗
I broke a string on my guitar.	我弄断了我吉他的一根弦
His clothes always smell bad.	他的衣服總是很臭
We can't afford to make mistakes.	我們承擔不了犯錯的後果
Tom never forgets to give his wife flowers on their wedding anniversary.	汤姆从没忘记在婚礼周年纪念日送给他妻子花
Could you put this coat somewhere?	您能把這件大衣放在某個地方
It's hard to predict what the weather will be like tomorrow.	很难说明天的天气将会怎样
What are you laughing at?	在笑什么呢
Arithmetic deals with numbers.	算数处理数字
You swim better than me.	你游泳游得比我好
Tom had never lied to me before.	湯姆以前從不向我說謊
Do you really need a car?	你真的需要车吗
I clapped my hands.	我拍手
They had to work all year round.	他們一整年都必須工作
My older brother lives in a small village.	我哥住在一座小村庄里
He runs.	他跑
I don't want anything to drink.	我什么都不想喝
I think I know who did it.	我認為我知道是誰做的
Tom seems quiet.	湯姆看起來安靜
It's nearly six o'clock.	差不多六点了
Is Tom jealous?	汤姆嫉妒吗
They can't see me.	他們看不見我
This wine tastes great.	這葡萄酒非常好喝
The blackbirds' feathers are black.	乌鸫的羽毛是黑色的
Have you found what you were looking for?	你找到你要找的东西了吗
She spends a lot of time practicing the piano.	她花很多时间练钢琴
I've finished reading the book.	我看完了这本书
It can't be!	不可能
I have just eaten lunch.	我剛吃過午飯
I couldn't control my anger.	我控制不住自己的愤怒
You have to quit smoking.	你必须戒烟
There's no way to know.	沒有辦法知道
Car exhaust causes serious pollution in towns.	汽车尾气在城镇里造成了严重的污染
My aunt made a new skirt for me.	我阿姨做了一條新裙子給我
I had hardly left home when it began to rain heavily.	當雨開始下得很大的時候
I'll eat it here.	我會在這裡把它吃了
We have two examinations during this term.	这个学期我们有两次考试
You're not supposed to be in this area.	你不应该待在这里
Has that secretarial position been filled?	秘书的职位已经有人了吗
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.	尽管天气很冷
I'd like orange juice.	我想要橙汁
I often go swimming in the river.	我常常在河裡游泳
She will care for you from now on.	从现在开始
It's a crying shame that they weren't insured against fire.	这简直是太可惜了
I suggest that you don't trust Tom too much.	我建議你別太相信湯姆
He sat next to the stream.	他坐在河边
I can't go with you today because I'm very busy.	今天我太忙了
Fish and red wine don't go well together.	魚和紅酒不合
The well has run dry.	這口井乾涸了
How did your test go?	你的测验怎么样
She's got a good eye for paintings.	她對繪畫有很好的鑑賞力
Please pardon me for coming late.	抱歉那么晚来
I didn't know the city, and what's more, I couldn't speak a word of the language.	我不知道这个城市
I caught him stealing the camera.	我抓到他偷相機
He wrote this book at the age of twenty.	他在
You can lie to everyone else, but you can't lie to yourself.	你可以向别人撒谎
What were you doing at that time?	當時你在做什麼
I cannot help wondering if he will come on time.	我禁不住想他会不会准时到
You gave me only fifty cents.	你只給了我五十美分
I can't lift my right arm.	我無法舉起我的右手臂
Tom knows a lot of stuff about Mary.	汤姆知道玛丽的很多事
Do you like school?	您喜歡學校嗎
Please come back as soon as possible.	请尽快回来
What's the exchange rate today?	今天的匯率是多少
He does not like us.	他不喜欢我们
He was sleeping under the tree.	他在樹下睡覺
I do not like the way he treats others.	我不喜欢他怎么对待他人
Our eyes take time to adjust to the dark.	我们的眼睛需要时间来适应黑暗
The doctor examined the patients.	醫生檢查了病人
Who's your favorite DJ?	谁是你最喜爱的
I don't feel comfortable here.	我在這裡感到不舒服
Tom is already there.	湯姆己經在那裡了
Is this your apple?	這是你們的蘋果嗎
There was a full moon last night.	昨晚是满月
I don't think you ought to.	我認為你不應該
He knows German and French, not to mention English.	不提英语
He is not as intelligent as his older brother.	他不像他的兄长那样聪明
I don't think Tom is serious.	我不覺得湯姆是認真的
Tom's comment was inappropriate.	湯姆的評論不合適
Tom is wearing gloves.	汤姆戴着手套
I'd rather not go out this evening.	我今天晚上寧可不要出門
Tom is on the go day and night.	汤姆日夜兼程
Tom appeared on television last night.	汤姆昨晚上电视了
It's time to go to sleep.	睡觉时间到了
Have you had lunch yet?	你吃過午飯了嗎
There is a hole in your sock.	你的袜子破了一个洞呀
Tom doesn't have any friends who are willing to help him.	汤姆没有愿意帮助他的朋友
Big fish eat little fish.	大鱼吃小鱼
It's a quarter past eight.	现在是八点一刻
China is much bigger than Japan.	中国比日本大得多
You are always watching TV.	你總是在看電視
You've got to set the alarm clock before you go to bed.	在你上床睡覺之前
I kept the $20 I found in the street.	我留着在街上发现的
She was too short to see over the fence.	她太矮了
He looks like an honest man.	他看起来忠厚老实
You're always criticizing me.	你总是批评我
In all likelihood, this means war.	这很可能意味着战争
He likes taking a walk by himself.	他喜歡獨自一人散步
The price of gas is rising.	天然氣的價格上升
I'm tired of him bawling me out.	我厭煩了他對我說教
I need a raise.	我需要加薪
There were three uniformed police officers at the crime scene.	犯罪现场有三名穿制服的警察
I can't calm down.	我没办法冷静下来
I heard Tom muttering something in French.	我听到汤姆在用法语嘀咕些什么
He's the boy we spoke about the other day.	他是前幾天我們談到的那個男孩
Why is he here?	为什么他在这儿
What do you need the money for?	你要这钱干嘛
I'm free now.	我现在有空了
It seems to me that she has a tendency to exaggerate.	在我看來
It's amazing.	太神奇了
Honesty is the primary reason for his success.	誠實是他成功的主要原因
You must study more.	你该学得更多
You speak fluent English.	你英语说得很流利
Why is the sky blue?	为什么天是蓝的
Ideas matter.	想法很重要
The apples Tom sent me were delicious.	汤姆送我的苹果好好吃
Being sick is very boring.	生病很無聊
We're the problem.	我们就是问题所在
That's awesome, right?	很棒
I hope Tom can do what we asked him to do.	我希望汤姆能做我们让他做的事
Do you like to drink wine?	你喜歡喝紅酒嗎
Prince William is second in line to the English throne.	威廉王子是英国王位第二顺位继承人
The lake is deep here.	这个湖在这个地方很深
Did you do your homework by yourself?	你自己做回家作業的嗎
Could you please pass me the salt?	請你把鹽遞給我好嗎
He doesn't have any friends to play with.	他没有任何朋友玩
Are you talking to me?	你是在对我说吗
This word comes from Greek.	這個詞來源于希臘語
Mary isn't really sick. She's just faking it.	玛丽不是真病
What did you do with your shoes?	你把你的鞋怎么了
He works from nine to five-thirty.	他從早上九點工作到下午五點半
We swam in the lake.	我们在湖里游了泳
Tom kept me waiting all afternoon.	Tom	让我等了一下午
I was busy packing, because I was leaving for France in two days.	我当时正忙着打包
You don't scare us.	你別嚇我們
I asked her for a date.	我向她提出約會的請求
This turtle is really old.	這隻烏龜很老了
Tom wants to leave.	汤姆想离开
Excuse me, what are you doing?	请问
How do you like your eggs done?	你的蛋要怎麼做
Nobody can know everything.	沒有人能無所不知
Tom says that he's willing to help.	汤姆说他愿意帮忙
We went out for a walk after dinner.	我们在吃过晚餐后出去散步了
That isn't Tom's fault.	那不是湯姆的錯
Tom came and sat down next to Mary.	汤姆来了
I have something to tell you.	我有事要告訴你
How horrible!	真糟糕
We woke up very early in order to see the sunrise.	我们起得很早为了看到日出
I'm glad I could help.	能够出一份力太好了
I intended to go, but forgot to.	我本来想走的
Tom is retired already, isn't he?	汤姆已经退休了不是吗
Let me see it.	讓我看看
I'm going to get rid of all this stuff.	我要摆脱这一切
I suspect they water down the beer in that pub.	我怀疑那家酒馆的啤酒兑水了
I told you never to come here again.	我告诉过你不要再来这里了
I attempted to solve the problem.	我試圖解決這個問題
Tom was captured.	汤姆被囚禁了
I'm just worried about my weight.	我只是担心我的体重
They gave a big party for me.	他們為我辦了一個盛大的派對
I've never seen Tom laugh.	我從沒見湯姆笑
Tom whispered something to Mary and she smiled.	汤姆小声对玛丽说了什么
I tried very hard to put an end to their heated argument.	我努力地平息他們不斷加溫的爭執
Where was the mistake?	錯在哪裡
I'm very busy this week.	这周我非常忙
Tom will follow my advice.	汤姆会听从我的建议
I just followed your instructions.	我只是照著你的指示
Yesterday, I read a really interesting story.	昨天
I have to win.	我必须赢
He's not breaking the law.	他没违法
Wash your feet.	洗您的脚
It is cruel of him to say such things to her.	他跟她说这样的话真是太残忍了
Your team is stronger than ours.	你們的隊伍比我們的強
I'll give you a book.	我會給你一本書
We had a lot of rain yesterday.	昨天下很多雨
They all did it.	他们都做了
It is stupid of you to believe in him.	你相信他真是太愚蠢了
I must help her at any cost.	我必须不惜一切代价帮助她
You dropped your handkerchief.	你的手帕掉了
We can fix that.	我们可以修那个
My mother is preparing breakfast.	妈妈正在准备早餐
My brother has become a priest.	我的兄弟已经成为了牧师
Tom was late for dinner.	湯姆晚餐遲到了
No one was late.	没有人迟到
Doesn't Tom have any friends?	汤姆没有朋友吗
Tom, you've got to get up.	湯姆
Watch out!	当心
All the desk drawers were empty.	所有的办公桌抽屉都是空的
I can't distinguish a frog from a toad.	我无法区分青蛙和蟾蜍
His mother came to pick him up.	他的母親來接他了
I wasn't very hungry, so I decided to eat later.	因为我不是很饿
He selected a Christmas gift for her.	他給她選了件聖誕禮物
She lived at 56 Russell Square.	她住在罗素广场
Tom passed away on October 20, 2013.	汤姆逝世于
I don't see any difference.	我看不出有什么差别
I am not frightened of anything.	我不害怕任何東西
We've just finished breakfast.	我們剛剛吃完了早飯
Nice to meet you.	很高興認識你
We're very skeptical.	我们非常怀疑
Tom is only pretending he isn't interested.	汤姆只是在装没兴趣
I worry about him.	我擔心他
She didn't try to hide the truth.	她没有试图掩盖真相
Tom is just a little nervous.	汤姆就是有点紧张
There are many ships in the harbor.	港口內有許多船
Tom is coming, too.	汤姆也来
I know that you like sports.	我知道你喜欢体育运动
He couldn't run very fast.	他無法跑得非常快
What did you eat for lunch?	你们午饭吃了什么
I didn't feel bad.	我没觉得不好
Tom slept with his shoes on.	汤姆穿着鞋睡了
You're really something.	你太能干了
Will you go by train?	你坐火车去吗
I rode my bicycle to the store.	我騎了我的自行車去商店
He was standing at the door.	他站在了门口
It's true.	這是真的
I see your point.	我明白你的重點
Please mail this letter for me.	請幫我寄信
My dad keeps a journal every day.	我爸爸每天都记日记
Tom was the one who suggested I buy this.	汤姆是建议我买这个的人
She is practicing the violin now.	她現在正在練習拉小提琴
He carried a rifle on his shoulder.	他把步槍背在他的肩上
Tom didn't understand what the teacher said.	汤姆没明白老师说了什么
Merry Christmas!	聖誕快樂
Two months have passed since he left for France.	自从他离开去法国
I can't feel it.	我感觉不到它
What's your favorite season of the year?	一年之中
I'd like to try on this dress.	我想試穿這件衣服
My friends invited me to supper.	我朋友邀我共赴晚餐
Everybody likes to goof off.	所有人都喜欢偷懒
What is the name of that river?	這條河叫什麼名字
I use Firefox.	我使用火狐
Tom quietly opened the door and tiptoed into the room.	汤姆悄悄地打开了门
I just heard something.	我只是听到了一些消息
A thousand dollars is a large sum.	1000	美元是个大数目
She gives me a nasty look every time she sees me.	她每次看見我都給露出厭惡的眼神
There is a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.	在瑪麗的桌上有張湯姆的照片
Please tell the truth.	请把真实的情况说出来
Everybody in the village knew him.	村子裡的每個人都認識他
I heard him coming downstairs.	我聽見他下樓的聲音
He ran.	他跑了
You should've been more careful.	你應該要更小心的
I'd like to rent a car.	我想租一輛車
He will be a good husband to my sister.	他会是我妹妹的好丈夫的
It's just what I expected.	它正是我所期待的
I have to renew my passport.	我必须更新我的护照
She was envious of her cousin's success.	她羨慕她表哥的成功
I'll have to come here every year.	我每年必须来这里
Ultraviolet rays can cause skin cancer.	紫外線可導致皮膚癌
I've decided.	我決定了
The train leaves at six.	火车
That's not the problem.	不是这个问题
He was opposed to monopolies.	他反对垄断
I usually walk to school.	一般我步行去学校
Don't go over the speed limit.	不要超速
She is good at speaking English.	她擅長說英語
I got up at five that morning.	那天早上我五點起床
I don't think that Tom has any teaching experience.	我认为汤姆一点教学经验都没有
They'd have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.	车子若是掉落悬崖他们早就没命了
I'd like to check out right now.	我想現在結帳離開
How many times have you seen this?	你看这看了多少次
Tom is bleeding.	汤姆在流血
Tom wasn't smiling when he entered the room.	汤姆进房间时没有微笑
Do you come here often?	您经常来这儿吗
This isn't what I ordered.	這不是我點的食物
She's dieting.	她在节食
I hid in the tall grass.	我躲在高草丛里了
I know that you still miss me.	我知道你還是想我的
He's busy with his homework now.	他正忙着做作业
All of our students are studying French.	我们所有的学生都在学法语
I am learning two foreign languages.	我正在学两门外语
Our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard.	我们的数学老师在黑板上画了一个圆
The things he says are entirely inconsequential.	他说的话根本毫无意义
Come again next week.	下周再來
Few students could understand what he said.	幾乎沒有學生能懂他所說的話
Tom has already gone to bed.	汤姆已经睡了
Say hello to Tom.	跟汤姆问好
I'm afraid you have the wrong number.	我恐怕您打错电话了
Are you tired?	你覺得累嗎
How many times have you been to Europe?	你去過歐洲幾次
Winter is coming.	冬季快來了
A good cook doesn't throw out yesterday's soup.	一個好的廚師不會丟掉昨天的湯
Tom forgot to buy toothpaste.	湯姆忘了買牙膏了
You'll need a special tool to do it.	你会需要一个特殊的工具来做这件事
It's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty.	五十岁以后学一门新的语言不是那么容易
If you need a dictionary, I can lend you my old one.	如果你需要字典
My mom gets out of bed before me.	我媽媽比我早起
Tom doesn't have a good French-English dictionary.	Tom	沒有一本好的法英字典
Our teacher has a wonderful sense of humor.	我们的老师非常有幽默感
Let me introduce you to him.	讓我把你介紹給他
Tell me your story. I am all ears.	告訴我你的故事
The future looked very gloomy.	前途一片阴暗
I asked him to drive me home.	我請他開車送我回家
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent.	万一有紧急情况
There's a hair in my soup.	我的湯裡有一根頭髮
Why are you so mad?	你為什麼這麼生氣
I had sore legs the next day.	第二天我的腿很酸
He will be back tomorrow.	明天他會回來
The bridge will be completed by the end of this year.	大橋將在年底完工
He may have lost his way.	他可能迷路了
Take the road on the left.	走左邊的道路
She knows a lot about the latest fashions.	她很了解最新的時尚趨勢
She is making progress with her English.	她的英語正在進步中
It's a good question.	它是一個很好的問題
Tom is annoying Mary.	汤姆在烦玛丽亚
Yes, I have a good idea.	是的
Don't ask questions. Just follow me.	别问问题
She is a clerk in the supermarket.	她在超市做秘书
Tom is drunk.	汤姆醉了
I don't believe in luck.	我不相信幸运
Where in Australia did you grow up?	你在澳洲的哪裡長大
Thou shalt not kill.	不可殺人
Tom isn't used to walking barefooted.	汤姆不习惯光着脚漫步
I've got work to do.	我有事要做
We take it for granted that he will succeed in his business.	我们认为他的生意理所当然会获得成功
I have everything I need.	我有我需要的所有东西
Beware of the dog!	小心狗
Tom didn't look happy at all.	汤姆看起来一点也不开心
He bought a Honda.	他賣了一台豐田的車
Why don't you take the day off?	你為什麼不請一天假
There are 50 members in the club.	這個俱樂部有
You do your part and I'll do the rest.	你做你的部份
I was just about to come looking for you.	我剛才正要找你
That's none of your business.	这不关你的事
He lives in a village near Osaka.	他住在大阪附近一座鎮上
Can you finish this in three days?	您可以在三天内完成吗
Tell him where he should go.	告诉他该去哪儿
I won't be wearing a tie.	我是不会系领带的
She insisted that I should see the doctor.	她坚持让我去看医生
I can't believe your parents let you come here by yourself.	我不敢相信你父母让你自己过来
I still haven't found anything.	我还什么都没找到呢
Right at that instant, the bus stopped.	就在那时
He is armed to the teeth.	他武裝到牙齒
I haven't finished my supper yet.	我還沒吃完晚飯
You should've been more careful.	你应该更小心的
That's a good question.	那是一個很好的問題
She's just a child.	她只是個孩子
Tom is in the shower.	Tom	在洗澡
He threw a stone at the dog.	他朝着狗扔了块石头
Roll up your sleeves.	卷起你的袖子
Do you know what time it is in Boston?	请问现在波士顿是几点钟
You're taller than most of Tom's friends.	你比汤姆的多数朋友都高
I'll be absent from home in the afternoon.	下午我不在家
In addition to English, he speaks German.	除了英文
She put sheets on her bed.	她在她的床上鋪了床單
That's true.	這是真的
I was not drunk.	我沒醉
Where would you like to go next?	接下来你们想去哪里
Tell me you didn't do this.	你确定没有这么做吧
This theory is very controversial.	这个理论很有争议
I'm dead tired.	困死了
I'm walking with her.	我正跟她一起走
Are you ready to order now?	您决定好要下订单了吗
How's your job going?	工作怎么样
Her garden is a work of art.	她的花园是一件艺术作品
It is not easy to learn a foreign language.	学会一门外语不容易
Tell Tom I'll be there in a minute.	告诉
That's exactly what I wanted to see happen.	这刚好是我想看到它发生的
It's too soon.	太早了
You should study harder.	你應該更努力學習
I shouldn't have told you anything.	我本不该告诉您什么的
That's too bad.	多遗憾啊
Please don't speak so fast.	請不要說得那麼快
This is a low-budget movie.	這是一部低成本的電影
She can play the piano.	她会弹钢琴
Is French easy to learn?	法语好学吗
There's some water left.	还剩一点水
Wild animals live in the forest.	野生動物住在森林裡
We can't escape.	我們逃不出去
She's got a good eye for paintings.	她对绘画有很好的鉴赏力
When can you come to my home?	你什么时候能来我家
May I ask you a question?	我可以问你个问题吗
The cold weather continued for three weeks.	寒冷的天氣持續了三個禮拜
Do you want to get married first or have a child first?	你想我们先结婚还是先生孩子
He lives just around the corner.	他就住在拐角的地方
I'm proud of you.	我以你為榮
Are you happy?	你开心吗
So what if that's true?	那如果那是真的呢
I want to eat apple pie.	我想吃苹果派
I don't like your girlfriend.	我不喜欢你的女朋友
This book is really interesting.	這本書真的很有趣
You're not as smart as me.	你没有我聪明
How far is it from here to the museum?	博物馆和这里之间距离多远
Where is the tourist information office?	遊客諮詢處在哪裡
If I'd known the truth, I'd have told you.	如果我知道真相
My father does not eat much fruit.	我父親沒有吃很多的水果
A group of young men are playing handball in the playground.	一群年輕人在操場上打手球
Let me say one thing.	讓我說一件事情
Has something happened?	發生了什麼事嗎
It's a nice day, isn't it?	美丽的一天
How often have you been to Europe?	你曾多常去過歐洲
Tom is plastered.	汤姆醉了
Tom lives three miles east of here.	湯姆在這以東三哩的地方住
I have a slight fever today.	我今天有點發燒
I don't like rock music.	我不喜欢摇滚乐
He is two years older than you.	他比你大兩歲
The students learned many poems by heart.	学生们用心学习了很多首诗
Everybody agrees with you.	大家都同意你
She never wears green.	她從來不穿綠色的衣服
I can't stand that noise.	我不能忍受那個噪音
I was lonely without her.	她不在
Can I have it?	可以给我吗
I couldn't prevent Tom from eating all the cookies.	我阻止不了汤姆吃光饼干
When she saw that they had no schools, she started one.	当她发现他们还没有学校
English is spoken in many countries.	許多國家的人說英語
You are not a coward.	你不是个懦夫
You look like you've just lost your best friend.	你看上去就像是刚刚失去了自己最好的朋友似的
He acts quickly.	他行动迅速
Who told you the story?	誰告訴你這個故事
I don't like sushi.	我不喜欢寿司
I've had a lot of work to do lately.	我最近有很多事情要做
The store happened to be crowded yesterday.	昨天这家商店正好人满为患
I think I've found something better.	我認為我找到了更好的
Turn off the TV.	把電視關了
He put away his toys.	他收起了他的玩具
They are very big apples.	他們是非常大的蘋果
They came all the way from Brazil.	他們從巴西遠道而來
Tom hitched a ride to Boston.	汤姆搭便车去波士顿了
I want to introduce you to my friend here.	我想給你介紹一下我身旁這位朋友
No other dog is bigger than this.	别的狗都没这只狗大
I believe in exercising regularly.	我相信規律的運動
I had curry last night.	我昨晚吃了咖喱
We got up at dawn to avoid a traffic jam.	我们黎明时起床以避开交通堵塞
What time shall I pick you up?	我該幾點去接你
He's not an idiot.	他不是傻的
I think I'll go by bus.	我認為我要坐巴士去
Tom won't be able to do that job.	汤姆做不了那项工作
Please deal the cards.	請發一下牌
My father is far from artistic.	我父親一點也不懂藝術
How did you know all that?	你怎麼全都知道
Tom owes Mary thirty dollars.	Tom	欠
What you're saying makes no sense.	你說的話沒有道理
Life goes on.	人生會繼續
I'm looking for a place to sit.	我正在找个地方坐下
Tell Tom everything is fine.	告訴湯姆一切都好
She is fluent in English and French.	她能說流利的英語和法語
Turn off the gas.	把煤气关了
I stayed at home last night.	我昨晚待在家裡
She didn't want to get involved.	她不想涉入其中
Don't forget to lock up when you leave.	当你出门时
I need more room.	我需要更多空間
Will the fine weather keep up till tomorrow?	好天气能持续到明天吗
I can't speak Japanese.	我不說日語
Call me, please.	请给我打电话
She doesn't get outdoors much.	她沒有常到戶外
You look very charming today.	今天你看起来很迷人啊
What would you like for dessert?	你要什麼甜點
What were you doing in the attic?	你在阁楼上做了什么
How much are a dozen eggs?	一打鸡蛋多少钱
Where does it hurt?	哪裡疼
She kissed him on the cheek.	她在他的脸颊上吻了一下
This is just a hypothesis.	这只是个假设
Winter is my favorite season.	冬天是我最喜欢的季节
Tom has a girlfriend in Boston.	Tom	有個在波士頓的女友
Run.	你用跑的
We talked over the phone.	我們電話裡說
I'm fairly confident I can do that.	我相当有自信我能做到这一点
I envy the friendship Tom and Mary have.	我羨慕
Many Asians have English as a common language.	許多亞洲人以英語作為共用的語言
The baby tore up a ten-dollar bill.	這個小嬰孩撕掉了一張十美元的鈔票
We must intervene.	我们必须介入
She took my joke seriously.	她把我的玩笑当真了
I heard someone calling my name.	我聽見有人叫我的名字
I wasn't implying anything.	我沒有暗示甚麼
She's eating an apple.	她正吃著一個蘋果
I'm reading the newspaper.	我正在读报纸
How much will it cost?	这要多少钱
It was before dawn that they got the fire under control.	他们在黎明前控制住了火势
How about going out for dinner?	出去吃晚餐如何
I saw a stranger enter that house.	我看到一个陌生人进了那间屋子
I hope you have a good trip.	祝你旅途愉快
Why exactly did you need to do that?	你到底为什么要这么做
Please leave.	請你離開
Wash the dishes.	把盤子洗了
Tom didn't think that anybody would recognize Mary.	汤姆不认为有人会认出玛丽
Pride comes before a fall.	骄兵必败
Why do you need my help?	你為甚麼需要我幫助
Tom is no dummy.	汤姆不是傻瓜
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.	我的駕駛教練說我應該更有耐心一點
Let's go now.	我们现在去吧
Do you play a musical instrument?	你演奏樂器嗎
I'd like to change yen to dollars.	我想把日元換成美元
My hobby is collecting old coins.	我的嗜好是收集古錢幣
Can you eat this?	这个能吃吗
Tom explained it to Mary very carefully.	汤姆仔细地给玛丽解释
This problem is hard to solve.	这是个很难解决的问题
Are you finished?	你结束了吗
Tom wears a hat every day.	Tom	每天都戴帽子
I gave Mary a book.	我給了瑪麗一本書
What time will you get to the station?	你几点会到车站
I'm accustomed to getting up early.	我習慣早起
We live in a three-bedroom house.	我們住在一棟有三間臥室的房子
Everybody is laughing.	每個人都在笑
Have you made your decision?	你决定好了吗
Could you recommend another hotel?	你能推薦另一家旅館嗎
Do you know him?	你认识他吗
I like oranges better than apples.	我喜歡橘子勝過蘋果
She likes jazz, and I do, too.	她喜欢爵士乐
The cat is black.	猫是黑色的
Where is your dog?	你的狗在哪里
Say what?	啥
I'm diabetic.	我有糖尿病
Aren't you going to call Tom?	你不是要打电话给汤姆吗
We enjoyed watching the baseball game.	我們喜歡看棒球比賽
Tom isn't a great player.	汤姆不是一个好选手
Tom made a choice.	汤姆做出了选择
Tom wants to know why.	湯姆想知道為什麼
In those days, a cup of coffee cost 200 yen.	那时候一杯咖啡要
The house I'm living in isn't very large.	我住的房子不是太大
Why have you been late to school every day this week?	為什麼你這個禮拜每天上學都遲到
He made his way to the room.	他走進了房間
Tom could've dealt with the problem in a better way.	汤姆本可以用更好的方式处理问题
This bus will take you to the airport.	这辆公交车能载你去机场
Let's take a rest.	我们休息一下吧
You remind me of myself.	你让我想起我自己
Can you be ready to leave tomorrow?	明天你能準備好離開嗎
I donate blood every three months.	我每三个月献一次血
I am interested in Chinese religion.	我对中国宗教感兴趣
I gave Tom a going-away present.	我送给汤姆一份临别礼物
I should stop procrastinating.	我做事该果断
They're children.	她们是孩子
You go to school, don't you?	你去上學
There was a big fire last night.	昨晚有一場大火
That's his house.	那是他家
A light bulb gives light.	灯泡发光
Open your eyes.	睁开眼睛
Tom and Mary hugged each other.	汤姆和玛丽互相拥抱
You must be joking!	你一定是开玩笑
It's later than you think.	時間比你想的還要晚
They armed themselves with guns.	他們用槍武裝自己
I was watching TV when the phone rang.	电话响的时候
There's still blood on the wall.	墙上还是有血
Give me your opinion, please.	請給我你的意見
This tea isn't sweet enough for me.	这种茶对我而言不够甜
I met Tom for the first time three days ago.	我三天前第一次见汤姆
I think it will be hot today.	我觉得今天会很热
That's the answer.	那就是答案
How do you feel about the issue?	你對這個問題有甚麼感受
My wife often telephones me when I'm traveling in another country.	我在国外旅行的时候
Were you right?	你是对的吗
You should tell him the truth.	你该告诉他真相
I've been under a lot of pressure lately.	我最近压力有点大
I belong to the drama club.	我參加戲劇社
She'll almost certainly pass the test.	她幾乎確定會通過測驗
I couldn't make myself understood.	我無法讓別人了解我的意思
Life is beautiful.	生活是美丽的
You remind me of your brother.	你讓我想起你的兄弟
Is she a computer programmer?	她是个程序媛吗
Lots of people in Japan are indifferent to politics.	很多日本人对政治冷淡
I'm developing an Android application.	我正在开发一个安卓应用
She wrote a lot of poems.	她写了好多诗
Tom came home early yesterday.	湯姆昨天提早回來了
Dr. Yukawa played an important part in the scientific study.	汤川博士在科学研究上起了很重要的作用
I remember seeing her.	我記得我看過她
"Why are you going to Japan?" "To attend a conference in Tokyo."	“	你去日本干嘛
All of the milk was spilled.	所有的牛奶都灑出去了
He is about your age.	他岁数和你差不多
Can I speak with the teacher?	我能和老师说话吗
What were you doing that moment?	當時你在做什麼
I'd like to put some things in the hotel safe.	我想在酒店的保险柜里存点东西
There aren't that many synagogues in this city.	这座城犹太教堂不怎么多
He lives there alone.	他一个人住在那儿
How old do you think she is?	你认为她多大
I'm sure Tom would approve.	我確定湯姆會同意
Could you tell me?	您会告诉我吗
It's wrong to lie.	说谎不好
I'd like to try out this new model before I buy it.	我想在买之前先试试这个新机型
He does well in physics.	他的物理学得很好
I expect you to work harder.	我希望你更加努力地工作
I'm disappointed that I wasn't able to go with her.	我很失望我沒能和她一起去
You're just running away from life's problems.	你只会逃避生活问题
Do you have a shoehorn?	你有鞋拔子吗
I don't have to clean my room.	我不用打扫房间
Please move the desk to the left.	请把桌子向左移
I don't like to go out after dark.	我天黑后不喜欢出门
He drove the truck to Dallas.	他開卡車到達拉斯
Our school is further away than the station.	去我们学校比去火车站要远
I'll do it tomorrow.	我明天再做
She is very pretty.	她很可爱
Your cake is delicious.	你的蛋糕很美味
Call my husband.	给我老公打电话
How long do you plan to stay in this country?	你打算在这个国家待多久
You must not go out after dinner.	晚飯後你不可以外出
He is able to speak ten languages.	他会讲十门语言
I want to ask what his phone number is.	我想问他的电话号码是多少
I'm afraid of spiders.	我怕蜘蛛
I think what you say is true.	我相信你说的是真的
You shouldn't go out.	你不應該出門
What's your favorite way to cook trout?	你最喜欢怎么烧鲑鱼
That did occur to me.	那就發生在我身上
Carelessness can lead to a serious accident.	粗心大意可能導致嚴重的事故
I want to finish the work on my own.	我想自己把工作做完
He's just a business associate.	他只是個事業合夥人
Answer me.	回答我
I bet he doesn't make it.	我打赌他没搞定
I found it best to say nothing about the matter.	我觉得什么都不说是最好的
Only an expert can tell them apart.	只有專家能區分出它們的不同
I'm sorry I've kept you waiting so long.	让您等了很久
You've set a bad example.	你做了个坏榜样
He painted the ceiling blue.	他把天花板刷成了蓝色
He left the house without saying goodbye.	他沒說再見就離開了房子
The economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry.	这个岛的经济依靠的是渔业
They trust Tom.	他们信任汤姆
He will be very busy next month.	下个月他会很忙
I feel very sorry for your sister.	我對你姐姐感到非常遺憾
I looked at my notes.	我看了自己的笔记
I was just trying to protect you.	我只是試著保護你
This is a good movie.	這是一部好電影
Biting your fingernails is a bad habit.	咬指甲是个坏习惯
Do you think I'm made of money?	你以为我造钱啊
She insisted that it was my fault.	她坚持认为那是我的错
Few things give us as much pleasure as music.	很少有東西像音樂一樣帶給我們這麼多的快樂
Is there a doctor on board?	船上有醫生嗎
My French isn't good enough.	我的法语说得不够好
She and I are classmates.	她和我是同學
Do you have anything to eat?	你有东西吃吗
Why didn't you stop them?	你为什么不阻止他们
I recorded our conversation.	我录下了我们的谈话
Take this medicine every six hours.	每六個小時吃一次這個藥
Give me some paper to write on.	給我一些紙來寫字
I need to ask you a silly question.	我必须问你一个蠢问题
I'm a professional photographer.	我是專業攝影師
There is a letter for you.	你有一封信
Tom got drunk yesterday.	汤姆昨天喝醉了
My grandmother suffers from osteoporosis.	我奶奶患有骨質疏鬆症
Tom showed us his new car.	湯姆給我們看他的新車
The new Harry Potter movie is pretty lame.	哈利波特的新片十分差
She has achieved her goals.	她达到了目标
Hi, my name's Tom. What's yours?	你好
Where's your dog?	你的狗在哪里
They helped him get to Canada.	他們幫他去加拿大
I didn't like it.	我没有喜欢过
We ordered too much food.	我們點了太多的食物
I don't know whether it's good or not.	我不知道它是好是坏
It's almost time for the train to arrive.	現在差不多是火車要到的時間
Tom was crying.	汤姆当时在哭
Tom has no money.	Tom	沒有錢
What kind of movie do you want to watch?	你想看哪种类型的电影
How long have you two been together?	你们两个在一起多久了
I want you to tell me the truth.	我想要你把真相告诉我
The Tigers lost the game, which was a surprise to us.	我們覺得很驚訝老虎隊竟然輸掉了比賽
Are you busy now?	現在您忙嗎
I advise you to give up drinking.	我勸你戒酒
Are you feeling tired?	你覺得累嗎
Tom is in the house.	湯姆在家裡
We have to think about it.	我們必須考慮它
It's not important.	这不重要
Do you think that my work is easy?	你觉得我的工作简单吗
No one can deny the fact.	誰也不能否定其事實
Tom is a good person.	湯姆是個好人
Of course she can speak English.	她當然會講英語
I gave up smoking a year ago.	我一年前戒了烟
I don't wanna go back.	我不想回去
He finally found out how to make it.	他终于弄清楚怎么搞定这事了
You understand, don't you?	你明白
I wish I could swim.	我希望我會游泳
Everybody jumped into the pool.	每個人都跳進了游泳池
I started to write a book.	我開始寫一本書
Tom was victorious.	汤姆获得了胜利
He knows New York inside out.	他对纽约了如指掌
The world is just like a book, and every step you take is like turning a page.	世界就像是一本书
Tom abandoned them.	汤姆抛弃了他们
He was made a fool of by his neighbors.	他被他的邻居们愚弄了
I think that that would be fun.	我認為那會很有意思
I felt my hands tremble.	我感覺到我的手在震動
Tom died in combat.	湯姆在戰鬥中死了
Does Tom know that you work here?	汤姆知道你在这里工作吗
Go with these men.	跟這些人走
She sings very well.	她唱歌非常好
I don't know what this symbol stands for.	我不知道這個符號代表什麼意思
A burglar broke into my house while I was away on a trip.	一个入室盗窃者趁我去旅游的时候闯入了我家
When are you going home?	你什麼時候要回家
You can ask the child who's playing over there.	你可以问在那里玩耍的小孩
I wrote a letter asking him to return a bit earlier.	我写了封信
Everybody was confused.	每个人都很困惑
Tom has a veterinary background.	Tom	有獸醫背景
Tom had numerous girlfriends.	Tom	有很多女友
There aren't supposed to be any men in this house.	这家里应该没有男人才对
He married a pretty girl.	他娶了一個漂亮的女孩
He made a clean break with them.	他跟他们干脆地断绝来往了
This product claims to help you lose weight.	这个产品称它能帮助你减肥
That child has few friends.	那孩子沒有什麼朋友
She's not a full-time employee of this company.	她不是這間公司正式的職員
Tom told me that he had lost his textbook.	汤姆告诉我他丢了课本
He doesn't know any of us.	他不认识我们中的任何一个
I can't see you.	我看不見你
We knew no one.	我們不認識任何人
I left earlier than my sister.	我比我的妹妹早離開
I think what you're doing is wrong.	我觉得你正在做的是错的
It looks like it'll rain today, too.	今天也好像會下雨
The pressure was tremendous.	壓力很巨大
Where is the longest tunnel in Japan?	日本最长的隧道在哪里
We are against working on Sundays.	我们反对星期日工作
It's well done.	做得很好
He forced her to sit down.	他强迫她坐下
I had intended to go there.	我本來打算去那裡
I'm fine. How about you?	我很好
She makes all her own clothes.	她的衣服全部都是她自己做的
Change trains at the next station.	在下一站換火車
I want to go to the movies today.	我今天想去看電影
No one can help me.	没有人能帮我
My son is engaged to his secretary.	我的兒子和他的秘書訂婚了
I wish I could go with you.	我希望能跟你走
Nobody knows what will happen in the future.	人不知道未來可能發生什麼事
Tom got into trouble.	汤姆遇上麻烦了
He's always running short of cash.	他總是缺錢
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.	別害怕犯錯
You owe me thirty bucks.	你欠我三十美元
I got this CD player for free.	我免費得到這個
Are you able to play organ?	你能演奏管风琴吗
Tom saw you.	湯姆看見你了
Would you like some more gravy?	你想再來些醬汁嗎
Tom came to see if Mary needed any help.	汤姆过来看看玛丽有没有什么需要帮忙的
You're never satisfied with anything I do.	你對我做的任何事都不滿意
That river is dangerous.	那條河是危險的
We haven't seen anyone.	我们谁也没看见
Can you copy this for me?	你能替我拷貝這個嗎
Did you just get here?	你刚到这里吗
There was not a tree in sight.	看不到任何一棵樹
How was the French class?	法语课上得怎样
I don't have any money on me.	我身上没有钱
I handed the mike to him.	我把麥克風遞給他
It is definite that he will go to America.	他肯定要去美国
I need a Japanese-English dictionary.	我需要一本日英字典
I wish that I could speak French better.	我希望我能说法语说得更好
He is lacking in experience.	他缺乏經驗
Why did you buy a Japanese car?	你為甚麼買日本車
That's impossible.	这不可能
If two men always have the same opinion, one of them is unnecessary.	如果两个人总是意见相同
Do you have any Japanese beer?	您有日本啤酒吗
It's snowing.	正在下雪
Please peel the potatoes.	請把馬鈴薯的皮削掉
Who's the boss of this company?	这家公司的老板是谁
Tom wasn't in Australia.	汤姆不在澳大利亚
She made elaborate preparations for the party.	她精心籌備了這個派對
Your plan sounds great.	你的計劃聽起來很不錯
Take as many peaches as you like.	你想拿多少桃子就拿多少
He was completely engrossed in the book.	他完全沉浸在書裡
How much did you pay?	您付了多少钱
Are you talking to me?	你在跟我说话吗
My uncle has three children.	我的叔叔有三个孩子
You can't keep a secret.	你不能有秘密
It's getting warmer day by day.	天日渐回暖
You've got a great memory.	你的記憶力很好
Translate the underlined part.	翻译划线部分
Please water the flowers.	請澆花
How much is that?	多少錢
This novel is boring.	這本小說很無聊
There were three survivors.	有三个幸存者
How come Mary is going on a picnic with him?	为什么玛丽和他去野餐
Let's play tennis in the afternoon.	今天下午讓我們打網球吧
Those kinds of methods are out of date.	这种方法早已过时了
Tom lived in that small house for a little over ten years.	汤姆在那间小房子里住了十多年
The medicine worked marvels.	这药创造了奇迹
I'm an atheist.	我是无神论者
He bought the land for the purpose of building a house on it.	他买土地目的是要造房子
Pass me the salt, would you?	把鹽遞給我好嗎
I suggest that we go out on Friday.	我建议我们星期五出去玩
I think the same as they do.	我和他们意见一致
I haven't made up my mind yet.	我還沒有拿定主意
I have a lot of questions.	我有许多问题
Tom wrote us postcards.	Tom	寫明信片給我們
All good things must come to an end.	天下无不散之筵席
I discovered the truth.	我發現了真相
The explosion may have been caused by a gas leak.	這場爆炸有可能是瓦斯外洩引起的
My grandfather gets up early.	我的祖父早起
My parents live in the country.	我父母住在鄉下
Please knock before you come in.	进来之前请敲门
Tom did a lot of great things.	汤姆做了许多大事
I entrusted my property to him.	我把我的财产托付给他
I like to drink natural mineral water.	我喜歡喝天然的礦泉水
When he feels fine, he goes for a walk.	当他感到舒服时
You knew about this already, didn't you?	你已经知道了
He cut down a tree in his garden.	他在花园里砍了一棵树
He crossed the river in a small boat.	他乘小船過河
Our train leaves at eight-thirty.	我們的火車在八點半出發
Barbecuing is forbidden here.	此處禁止烤肉
I'm coming to see you tomorrow.	我明天會來看你
He is from France.	他是从法国来的
How did he find us?	他怎麼找到我們的
Surgery is the best solution.	手術是最佳解決方案
I don't have the slightest idea.	我沒有絲毫的想法
Are you studying?	您学习吗
He traveled around the world.	他周遊世界各地
I thought he was my brother.	我以为他是我弟弟
The town was destroyed by the flood after the storm.	小镇被暴风雨后的洪水摧毁了
I don't know whether I have time or not.	我不知道我有沒有時間
He married a very pretty girl.	他娶了一個很漂亮的女孩
You've got to learn to hold your tongue.	你應該學著閉上你的嘴
I did it the way he told me to.	我照他说的做了
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.	你應該為你自己感到羞恥
There's someone at the door.	有人在門口
I have a certain amount of money on me.	我有些钱
My house is close to a bus stop.	我的房子靠近一個公車站牌
I'm thinking about you.	我正考慮到你
Hang your coat on the hook.	把你的外套掛在鉤子上
How was the fishing?	釣魚怎麼樣
Is it always a sin to tell a lie?	说谎总是一种罪吗
He gave her a piece of advice.	他給了她一個忠告
Why didn't you turn up on Saturday?	你為何週六沒來
You don't have to eat it.	你不必吃
We watched the children play.	我们看着这孩子玩耍
I found something interesting in the town.	我發現了鎮上一些有趣的事
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan every year.	每年有成千上万的外国人访问日本
Why don't you grow up?	你为什么长不大呢
We adopted a child.	我们收养了一个孩子
How many Chinese characters are there?	汉字有多少个
I know that it's hard to believe.	我知道
The dress that Mary is wearing looks expensive.	玛丽穿的衣服看起来价格不菲
I was not scolding you.	我不是在罵你
Can we go back now?	我們現在能回去嗎
She's good at getting around rules.	她擅於逃避規則
I wish that I could stop hiccuping.	我希望我能停止打嗝
She has an agreeable voice.	她的声音令人愉快
I don't have time for reading.	我没时间阅读
We have to go.	我们必须走了
He lived to be seventy years old.	他活到了
Watch him and do the same thing.	看著他並且跟他做同樣的事情
I didn't even consider that.	我甚至沒考慮過
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.	闭嘴看着
If you do it this way, you can save several hours.	这样做你能节约几个小时
Are we going to lose?	我们将会输了吗
She saw a young man at the entrance.	她在入口看到一個年輕男人
I asked him to come with me and he agreed.	我让他随我来
Why are you so good at cooking?	为什么你做饭那么拿手呢
He towers above the rest of the class.	他在班上出類拔萃
School was closed for the day due to the snow.	学校因大雪停课一天
She cooked us a delicious dinner.	她为我们煮了一顿美味的晚餐
He is busy.	他很忙
He works from Monday to Friday.	他周一到周五上班
Tom went to sleep.	汤姆睡着了
He took off his glasses.	他摘下了眼鏡
Her house is across the river.	她的房子在河的另一边
I will provide you all the necessary information.	我会把所有有用的信息提供给您的
She's practicing English so she can get a better job.	她練習英語以找更好的工作
Keep listening.	继续听
I know you're not comfortable.	我知道你不舒服
He's curious about everything.	他对什么都感好奇
London was bombed several times.	倫敦被轟炸過許多次
Many of the immigrants changed their names.	许多移民改了名字
Do you want anything to eat?	您想吃点什么吗
Now it's my brother's turn.	現在輪到我兄弟了
He has a lot of original ideas.	他有很多獨到的見解
How many hours a day do you sleep?	你每天睡几个小时
That's logical.	那符合逻辑
He should apologize for being rude to the guests.	他应该为自己对客人的粗鲁无礼而道歉
Whose cup is this?	这是谁的杯子
The teacher made me repeat the sentence.	老師讓我重複了這句話
I'm Tom's father.	我是汤姆的爸爸
He asked me if I was busy.	他问我是否很忙
How do you like it?	你觉得怎么样
We were disappointed to hear that Tom couldn't get a visa.	我们很遗憾地听说
Flying kites can be dangerous.	放風箏可以是危險的
Tom and Mary are really hungry.	汤姆和玛丽很饿
He earned his living as a teacher.	他以教書為生
I want to read it.	我想读
I believe this was unnecessary.	我相信這是不必要的
He threw a ball over the fence.	他把球扔過了柵欄
I'll pay the bill.	我來付賬
I have to go to work.	我得去工作了
He doesn't have a job. He's retired.	他没有工作
It seems that most people only barbeque in the summer.	人們似乎只在夏天烤肉
I'd be thrilled to do that.	我很乐意这么做
Tom tried to kill Mary.	汤姆试着杀死玛丽
Could you turn it down?	你可以轉小聲一點嗎
Our school is very close to the park.	我们学校离公园非常近
This river is three times longer than that one.	这条河比那条长三倍
We go fishing from time to time.	我们时不时地去钓鱼
Here are some interesting links.	這裡有些有趣的連結
He is still here.	他还在这儿
He fought against racial discrimination.	他反對種族歧視
I don't discriminate.	我不歧视人
He is good at football.	他擅長足球
That makes no difference.	这没有任何区别
Do you have a points card?	您有会员卡吗
He congratulated me on my success.	他為我的成功恭賀我
I guess that would be all right.	我想那應該沒關係的
Have you read this book already?	你讀過這本書了嗎
Let's go to the club.	讓我們去俱樂部吧
We yawn when we are short of oxygen.	我们缺氧时就会打哈欠
You'd better check this out.	你最好检查一下这个
Do you drink beer?	你喝啤酒吗
I'm not well.	我身体不适
Who touched my gun?	誰碰了我的槍
There are some empty bottles in the box.	盒子里有些空瓶
I'm so proud of my boys.	我為我的孩子們感到很驕傲
Life is not all fun and games.	生活並不都是輕鬆愉快的
The last person I told my idea to thought I was nuts.	最后一个听我说我的主意的人认为我疯了
Tom is waiting in the living room.	汤姆正在客厅里等着
Tom took the clock apart.	汤姆把钟拆开了
Today, many people worry about losing their jobs.	今天
The train has arrived.	這班火車已經到了
Do you know what I'm doing?	你知道我在做什麼嗎
I will be a doctor someday.	我有朝一日会成为一名医生
Here is a basket full of vegetables.	這裡有個裝滿蔬菜的籃子
Tom exaggerated.	汤姆言过其实
Tom's wrong.	湯姆錯了
These boxes are made of plastic.	這些箱子是由塑料製成的
I would like to know her name.	我想知道她的名字
Tom rolled down his window.	湯姆拉下了他的窗戶
I want you to wait for me.	我想让你等我
Tom tried to make friends.	汤姆试着交朋友
She was sitting under a tree.	她在一棵树下坐着
Don't ask Tom any questions about his job.	别问汤姆他的工作的问题
It would take forever for me to explain everything.	要都解释的话
What's her name?	她叫什麼
I have to say goodnight to Tom.	我必须跟汤姆说晚安
I returned the knife which I had borrowed.	我把我借来的刀还了
She made him a new suit.	她為他做了一套新衣服
I lost my money.	我丢了我的钱
I'd like a glass of water, please.	請給我一杯水
Rabbits have long ears and short tails.	兔子有长耳朵和短尾巴
Please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning.	原谅我早上这么早给你打电话
May I see your driver's license, sir?	先生
You are selling him short.	你別小看了他
The city was soon occupied by the soldiers.	很快
We have to obey the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
It was very cold yesterday morning.	昨天早上很冷
Strictly speaking, the earth is not round.	嚴格來說
We're fed up with your complaining.	我們受夠了你的抱怨
Tom took the concert ticket Mary offered him.	汤姆拿了玛丽给他的音乐会票
You can see the roof of the house from there.	你能從那裡看到房頂
Wherever she goes, she is well liked.	無論她去哪裡
He is always with me.	他一直与我同在
Tom admitted that he murdered Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
I've always been proud of you.	我一直以您为荣
I feel fine.	我感觉很好
Tom works in Boston.	湯姆在波士頓工作
What were you and Tom doing yesterday?	你和汤姆昨天做了什么
I continued working.	我繼續工作
Would you let me know when Tom comes?	你能让我知道汤姆什么时候来吗
I'm waiting for you to help me.	我等着你帮我
Have there been any changes?	有過任何改變嗎
Everybody wanted to eat.	每个人都想吃
He asked her seven times to marry him.	他求她跟他结婚求了七次
Which do you like better, spring or autumn?	春天和秋天
I have lost my umbrella.	我丢了我的伞
I think this medicine will do you good.	我想这药会对您有好处的
Dad bought me a camera.	爸爸给我买了一个照相机
Mary is very pretty.	瑪麗很漂亮
I think he's happy.	我想他很快樂
I'd better do it right now.	我最好马上做
I can't wait to go on a vacation.	我等不及要去度假
Tom was replaced by Mary.	汤姆被玛丽替换下来
I don't know where he comes from.	我不知道他從哪裡來
It's time for a break.	是时候休息一下了
Since I was sick, I didn't go to school.	由于我生病了
His words surprised me.	他的話讓我吃驚
Did you understand what he said?	你听懂他说的了吗
They left there the day before yesterday.	前天
He visited her house the other day.	他前幾天拜訪了她家
This hotel was built last year.	這家旅館是去年蓋的
I continued singing.	我繼續唱歌
I'd rather walk than take a bus.	我寧願走路勝過搭公車
I saw you driving your new car.	我看到你開著你的新車
Tom claims he doesn't remember.	湯姆聲稱他不記得了
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read Chinese.	我會說中文
Did Tom reply?	汤姆有回应了吗
My scalp is very itchy.	我的頭皮非常癢
Complaining won't change anything.	抱怨不會改變任何東西
Tom is in the attic.	湯姆在閣樓裡
Who will look after your dog?	誰要照顧你的狗
You'll never guess what Tom brought with him.	你永远猜不到汤姆带来了什么
Your sweater is inside out.	你毛衣穿反了哟
We're going out tonight.	我们今晚出去
We just want to find Tom.	我們只是想找
He'll wait for you.	他會等你
How did you do that?	那你是怎么做的
I felt a drop of rain on my head.	我感觉有滴雨落在头上
Do you feel nauseous?	你是否有噁心嘔吐的感覺
We ordered Chinese food.	我们点了中餐
I'll tell Tom you said that.	我會告訴湯姆你說了那話
I have high blood pressure.	我有高血压
Who were you speaking with?	你和谁说话呢
He said it merely as a joke.	他这么说就是为了开玩笑
I am going to stay here for a couple of days.	我將要在這裡待幾天
We can deliver it this evening.	我們今天晚上可以運送它
I like this picture, not just because it's famous, but because it really is a masterpiece.	我喜欢这幅画
If you hurry you can still make the train.	如果你抓紧
She found her purse under the desk.	她發現她的錢包在桌子底下
This novel is more interesting than the one I read last week.	這本小說比我上週看的那本有意思
I started writing a book.	我開始寫一本書
I will show you some pictures.	我會給你們看些照片
Would you pass the mashed potatoes, please?	你能给我土豆泥吗
Tom didn't give me back my money.	湯姆沒有還我錢
We had a lecture on environmental pollution.	我们有一节关于环境污染的讲座
Let me give you an example.	让我来给你举个例子吧
You can borrow my car anytime.	你隨時可以借用我的車
Why are you alone?	为什么您一个人
Suppose you had a thousand dollars, what would you do with it?	假如你有
Do you have a car?	你有车吗
If it's at all possible, I'd like you to take part in the next meeting.	如果可能的話
I walked along the river.	我沿着河走了段路
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go.	如果明天下雨
It's sometimes difficult to control our feelings.	有時我們很難控制自己的情緒
Keep the money in a safe place.	把錢保存在安全的地方
What's that?	那是什么
No other mountain in the world is so high as Mt. Everest.	世界上任何山峰都达不到珠穆朗瑪峰的高度
She had a new dress made.	她让人做了一条新连衣裙
My mother grows flowers in her garden.	我的母親在她的花園裡種花
The chair is made of wood.	椅子是木质的
Do you have a soup bowl?	你有湯碗嗎
I'm afraid you can't marry her.	我怕你没法跟她结婚
He spent the morning reading a book.	他整個上午都在看書
The old man passed away this morning.	老男人今天早上去世了
Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates, and then ate all the chocolates himself.	汤姆给了玛丽一盒巧克力
I am writing a letter.	我正在寫一封信
Nothing is missing.	什么也没少
Which one is easier?	哪一個最簡單
Can you drive a manual transmission?	你會開手排車嗎
She gave us a vague answer.	她給了我們一個模糊的答案
Turn left at the corner.	请在那个拐角左转
My New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the ocarina.	我新年的願望是學會吹奧卡利納塤
Monkeys can learn a lot of tricks.	猴子能學會很多把戲
The library is in the middle of the city.	图书馆位于城市中心
Tom taught me many things.	汤姆教了我很多东西
I took a shower.	我洗了澡
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.	我想你要拿到驾照根本不难
As soon as he saw me, he ran away.	他一看見我
How do you make your money?	你怎麼賺錢
Tom is a good person.	Tom	是一個好人
I was going to work here all day.	我要在這裡工作一整天
Lips that touch liquor shall not touch mine.	碰過酒的嘴唇就別想碰我的唇
You and I have the same idea.	你和我有相同的想法
"Will he pass the examination?" "I am afraid not."	"	他會通過考試嗎
I really want to know what's going on.	我真想知道发生了什么
You look like you're confused.	你看起來有困惑
There are exceptions to every rule.	每條規則都有例外
Tom said that he's glad he could do that.	湯姆說他很高興他能做
He found me a good seat.	他幫我找到了一個好位子
A big tree fell in the storm.	一棵大樹在暴風中倒下
He is an expert at fishing.	他是个捕鱼好手
Thank you for your hard work.	感谢你的劳碌
I can't bear the sight of him.	我受不了他的視線
Don't get an upset stomach by eating too much.	不要因为吃得太多而扰乱胃的正常消化
Tom forgot to sign his name.	汤姆忘记签名了
He has all but finished the work.	他幾乎已經完成這個工作了
I think Tom is photogenic.	我觉得汤姆很上镜
He was waiting for a long time.	他等了很長的時間
We went on a picnic together.	我們一起去野餐了
People who break the law are punished.	觸犯法律的人受到懲罰
As far as I'm concerned, she's a complete stranger.	她对我来说是一个完全陌生的人
He is a teacher at our school.	他是我們學校的老師
When she was thirteen, she ran away from home.	她十三岁的时候离家出走了
I'm feeling much better today.	我今天感觉好多了
The apple does not fall far from the tree.	蘋果掉落的地方不會離樹幹很遠
Please let me know what you want.	請讓我知道你要什麼
I could hear birds singing outside my window.	我能听见鸟在窗外歌唱
What are you writing?	你在寫什麼
Tom said that he lost his key.	汤姆说他丢了钥匙
Tom is in Boston on business.	汤姆因为工作现在在波士顿
This car isn't worth repairing.	這輛車不值得修理
I'd be happy to help you.	我愿意帮你
She forgot to mail the letter.	她忘了寄信
He made use of the opportunity to improve his English.	他利用这个机会提高英语水平
His new car is wonderful.	他的新車很棒
There is no school during August.	8	月份没课
He earned as much money as possible.	他能赚多少就赚多少
Everyone's laughing.	每個人都在笑
How soon can they be delivered?	它们什么时候能被送到
Let's take turns rowing the boat.	讓我們輪流划船
Sometimes I go, sometimes I don't.	有时我去
Banks open at nine o'clock.	银行九点开门
She went down to the fifth floor.	她下五樓去了
We talked about a variety of topics.	我們談了各種話題
Mary said that she loved me, but I didn't believe her.	玛丽说她爱我
I got up while it was still dark.	我起来的时候天还是黑的呢
He sat next to the stream.	他坐在溪流旁邊
His word is law.	他的话就是命令
He asked me whether I was busy.	他问我是否很忙
I've worn holes in my socks.	我把襪子穿破了
He's gone to Nagoya on business.	他因公出差到名古屋
I'm coming home, Tom.	我在回家路上
There was a heavy rain last night.	昨晚下大雨
I'm very thirsty.	我很渴
I've had a busy day.	今天我一直很忙
Feel free to get yourself a drink if you are thirsty.	觉得渴了就喝点
I can't tell you now.	我現在不能告訴你
Don't depend too much on others.	不要太过于依赖别人
This box is not as big as that one.	这个盒子没那个盒子大
We've really got to step on it.	我们真的得加紧步伐了
I think you're really amazing.	我觉得你真是让人大吃一惊
What's the tallest mountain in Europe?	请问在欧洲最高的山是哪儿呢
They obtained a yield of 8 percent on their investment.	他們在這次的投資中得到百分之八的收益
The price of rice has fallen.	米价下跌了
I think I now have enough money to buy the car I want.	我认为我现在有足够的钱买我想要的那辆车
Tom hit me first.	汤姆先打了我
This is bizarre.	真奇怪
He is out now.	他现在出去了
How much sugar do you use?	你用多少糖
I talked to Tom last night.	昨晚我和汤姆说话了
He graduated from Cambridge with honors.	他以优异的成绩毕业于剑桥大学
Tom made a list of places he wants to visit.	汤姆把他想去的地方列成了一张清单
I haven't decided yet.	我還沒決定
Will she go to America next year?	她明年會去美國嗎
His teeth are yellow from smoking too much.	他的牙齿被烟熏黄了
What do you think about that?	你認為如何
I'd like to make more money.	我想賺更多錢
I respect the elderly.	我尊敬长辈
I am not always free on Sundays.	我星期日並不總是有空
Water the flowers before you have breakfast.	吃早餐之前先澆花
I think you should take the test again.	我的意见是
I'm prepared to accept the consequences.	我准备好了承担后果
Where is the accent on the word 'Australia?'	“Australia”	这个词的重音要放在哪
Why did you do such a thing?	你为什么做了这种事儿
If her temperature goes up, send for the doctor.	如果她的體溫上升
A great number of citizens went into the army.	許多老百姓加入了軍隊
When will you leave?	你什麼時候離開
Is it difficult eating with chopsticks?	用筷子吃饭难吗
He prefers poetry to fiction.	比起小说
These are our desks.	这些是我们的书桌
Tom folded the paper before handing it to Mary.	在传给玛丽之前
You should return home before it gets dark.	你應該在天黑之前回家
My notebook is pink.	我的笔记本是粉色的
Please pass me the butter.	请把黄油递给我
Pilots communicate with the airport by radio.	飛行員用無線電與機場溝通
Get down from there.	从那儿下来
It makes no difference to me.	這對我沒什麼差別
It's almost six.	差不多六点了
I haven't seen him for years.	我有些年没见过他了
Tom also likes to eat fish.	汤姆也喜欢吃鱼
I think I've done enough.	我認為我做得夠了
He found me a taxi.	他帮我打到一辆出租车
They have been here since 1989.	他們自
He wrote a letter yesterday.	昨天他写好了信
We took a walk in the park.	我们在公园里散步
I have a few friends who speak French well.	我有一些法语说得好的朋友
This is the cheapest store in town.	這是鎮上最便宜的商店
He plays the guitar very well.	他吉他彈得很好
Mary had been knitting for an hour when I called.	我打電話過去時
Is there a service charge for that?	要收服務費嗎
A beautiful lake lay just beyond the forest.	森林外有一个美丽的湖泊
How do you get to school?	你怎么去学校
I'm a good guy.	我是一个好人
We still don't know why.	我們仍然不知道為什麼
There's a large supermarket.	有一個大型超市
They studied English yesterday.	他們昨天學習英語
The project is ongoing.	该项目正在进行中
We're going to be here all day.	我們要在這裡待一整天
He's just gone on leave.	他剛請假走了
We heard a voice from the bedroom.	我们听到卧室里有声音
There were only six people at the party.	只有六個人參加了派對
I'll still have a scar from that accident.	我还留着那起事故的伤疤
They were busy working for social reforms.	他们忙于社会改革
He wants you to stay here.	他要你留在這裡
How far away is your school?	你的学校有多远
There is one apple on the desk.	书桌上有一个苹果
They were always making jokes.	他们一直闹笑话
I don't know what Tom's plan is.	我不知道湯姆的計劃是甚麼
Tom is taller than his mother.	湯姆比他的母親高
I am able to drive a car.	我会开车
Don't worry about it. It's not your problem.	不要在意
I advertised my car for sale.	我登廣告賣我的車
I'll carry this suitcase for you.	我會幫你提這個手提箱
I study Korean.	我学韩语
That is how I learned English.	我就是这么学会英语的
Give me something to write with.	給我些可以寫字的東西
You never listen to our advice.	你從來不聽我們的建議
Although he was exhausted, he had to keep working.	尽管他累极了
We defeated the enemy.	我們戰勝了敵人
It's freezing.	天氣好冷
I'm taller than you.	我比你高
We don't live in Boston.	我们不住在波士顿
The coffee is cold.	咖啡是冷的
It's not that far.	不是那么远
Tom owes us a favor.	汤姆欠我们个情
He asked me what I had bought.	他问我买了什么
It's no use arguing about it.	爭論是它是沒有用的
The school was established in 1650.	这所学校建于
I've discovered something interesting.	我發現了一些有趣的東西
What's happened?	怎么了
I tried to keep from crying.	我努力忍住哭
I fed the dog.	我餵過狗了
What do you want to tell me?	你想对我说什么
What did you do with your camera?	你用你的照相机做了什么
I have no objection to your plan.	我不反對你的計劃
I have no home to return to.	我無家可回
None were wearing seat belts.	没人系安全带
He was hurt in a car accident.	他在一次車禍中受傷了
That toy is made of wood.	这个玩具是木制的
Tom really doesn't like you.	汤姆真的不喜欢你
He managed to make both ends meet.	他設法使收支平衡
What book are you reading?	你在读哪本书
My father is out.	我父亲出门了
I'll provide you with all the necessary information.	我會給你所有必要的信息
This won't help you.	這幫不了你
This chair is ugly.	這把椅子很難看
Is it okay if I take a break?	我休息一会没问题吧
Tom doesn't want to go alone.	汤姆不想一个人走
He is not very good at mathematics.	他不是很擅長數學
Is someone there?	那边有人吗
Do you believe in UFOs?	你相信
I've already finished the job.	我已經完成了這項工作
She is always trying new things.	她总是尝试新事物
Don't believe everything you hear.	不要相信你聽到的每件事
My father began jogging last month.	我父親上個月開始慢跑
Thank you for your translation.	謝謝你的翻譯
Speak clearly.	講清楚
I tried to listen to him carefully.	我試著仔細地聽他說話
I'm a little taller than you.	我比你高一点
This book is really old.	這本書真的很舊
The door clicked shut.	门咔哒一声关上了
What is this?	這是什麼啊
She made fun of her husband.	她取笑了她的丈夫
We should run some tests.	我们应该进行测试
Tom is overweight.	汤姆超重了
May I help you?	我能幫你嗎
I'll be right there.	我马上过去
The policeman told me that the last bus leaves at ten.	警察告诉我巴士的末班车在十点出发
I'm looking forward to seeing you.	我期待著見到你
The child missed his mother very much.	這孩子非常想念他的母親
Everybody knew Tom could speak French well.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
Everyone was surprised to see Tom.	每個人看到
Can I still make it?	我還來得及嗎
She doesn't live there any more.	她不再住在那裡了
You're the new secretary, aren't you?	您是新来的秘书吧
Tom is serious now.	汤姆现在是认真的
I'll go by taxi.	我坐出租車去
I'm almost never home.	我几乎不回家
Who do you think they were?	你认为他们是谁
Don't complain. You have to go.	別抱怨了
Whichever route you take, you will get there in time.	不管你选哪条路
Tom isn't afraid of anything.	湯姆對甚麼都不怕
I was surprised.	我吃了一惊
I saw a girl with long hair.	我看见一个长头发的女生
Prices are high.	价格高
He makes a living as a salesman.	他當推銷員為生
I will make you happy.	我会让你幸福的
What's your home phone number?	你家的電話號碼幾號
Are Tom and Mary working together?	汤姆和玛丽一起工作吗
I'm doubling my prices.	我正在把价格涨一倍
Having missed the train, I had to wait about an hour for the next one.	由于错过了火车
Keep on working.	繼續工作
She said that she had been happy.	她說她以前很快樂
There aren't that many synagogues in this city.	这座城的犹太教堂不是很多
There are many books in my room.	我房間裡有很多書
I broke the lock opening the door.	我开门的时候弄坏了锁
You ought to know better at your age.	在你這個年紀你應該要更懂事
Watch out for thieves around here.	在這附近當心小偷
Tom and Mary argue with each other all the time.	汤姆和玛丽无时无刻不在辩论
You can't count on their help.	你不能指望他们的帮助
My father has a restaurant.	我父亲有家餐馆
I played tennis with my brother.	我和我的兄弟打網球
I agreed with him on the plan.	對於這個計劃我同意他的意見
He changed schools last year.	去年他转校了
When will it end?	什么时候才结束啊
I'm worried about my weight.	我担心我的体重
She has many friends in the United States.	她有很多美国朋友
Tom didn't know what he'd say to Mary.	湯姆不知道他要對瑪麗說甚麼
I really am unlucky!	我真的很倒霉
You have to clean your room.	你该打扫你的房间
That's the chair that I really like.	那是我真的很喜歡的椅子
He was in America at that time.	他當時在美國
They're required to work eight hours every day.	他们每天必须工作
He cleansed the wound before putting on a bandage.	他先清洗了伤口
I asked him where he was going.	我問了他要去哪裡
Swimming at night is dangerous.	夜里游泳很危险
The basket was filled with strawberries.	篮子里装满了草莓
I'm used to getting up early.	我習慣早起
I've already eaten breakfast.	我已经吃过早饭了
I can't sing that song.	我不会唱那首歌的
Don't forget your money.	不要忘记你的钱
I don't like wearing socks.	我不喜歡穿襪子
We had an unpleasant experience there.	我們在那裡有一個不愉快的經歷
I'll miss you all so much.	我会很想念你们的
We'd better get a move on.	我们最好快点
You said you'd help me.	你说过你会帮我的
You should've introduced yourself.	你本來應該介紹自己的
The nearest star to our solar system is Proxima Centauri.	離我們太陽系最近的恆星是比鄰星
I don't like to sing in public.	我不喜歡在公共場合唱歌
It's easy to make friends, but hard to get rid of them.	交朋友很容易
That'll change nothing.	這樣做的話什麼都不會改變的
Please tell me Tom is OK.	请告诉我汤姆很好
Are you mad?	你生气了吗
This room is cleaned by Tom.	這房間是由湯姆清掃的
The cough syrup has a licorice flavoring.	咳嗽糖浆有股甘草的味道
What are your strengths and weaknesses?	你们的优点和缺点是什么
Lock the gate.	鎖大門
I got a letter from her today.	我今天收到了她的信
There's no salt left.	盐没了
I think we should concentrate on other things.	我想我们应集中于另外的事情
I so wanted to believe that.	我好想相信
I am sick.	我生病了
That's very sweet of you.	您真是太好了
They work really hard.	他们工作的很辛苦
He was almost hit by a car.	他差點被一輛汽車撞上了
Tom was at school all day.	汤姆一整天都在学校
Why can't we talk now?	为什么我们现在不能讲
I've always wanted to climb Mt. Fuji.	我一直想登富士山
The clock is above the fireplace.	時鐘在壁爐的上方
I've never seen you so happy.	我从没见过你这么高兴
I warned him, but he ignored the warning.	我警告過他
I'll buy a watch for my son.	我将给儿子买块手表
I'm still the boss here.	我仍是这里的老板
He has been busy.	他很忙
Keep in mind that you must die.	你要想到你必须死
TV plays an important part in everyday life.	电视在日常生活中起着重要的作用
I haven't met her.	我没有遇见她
You should sleep for eight hours a day.	你应该每天睡八个小时觉
Everyone knows of his affection for that dog.	每个人都知道他对那狗的感情
All my friends will be there.	我所有的朋友都会到那儿
I saw nothing.	我什麼都沒看見
I want to see this movie.	我想看这部电影
The population of the city is about 100,000.	这座城市的人口约有
Tom is on good terms with John.	汤姆和约翰关系很好
You're mine.	你是我的
Tom can do so much better than me.	湯姆可以比我做得好很多
I have class tomorrow.	我明天有课
I had hoped that my mother would live until I got married.	我曾经希望我妈妈能活到我结婚的时候
The train arrived ten minutes behind time.	列車晚到了十分鐘
Because of the rain, we weren't able to play tennis outside.	由于下雨
I can teach you how to swim.	我能教你怎样游泳
Feel free to ask any questions.	隨時問任何問題都可以
The shower is broken.	淋浴坏了
He consented to help the old lady.	他同意幫助這位老太太
We must cancel our trip to Japan.	我們必須取消我們去日本的旅行
You're Tom's friend, aren't you?	你是湯姆的朋友
Were you out last night?	昨晚你出去了嗎
The towel wasn't useful at all.	毛巾完全没起作用
There is no admission fee for children under five.	五岁以下的小孩票价全免
You don't need to be afraid of making mistakes.	你们不需要害怕犯错
Don't beat around the bush.	不要拐彎抹角
I've just arrived at the airport.	我剛剛抵達了機場
Are you up?	你起床了嗎
Stop talking.	不要说话了
Something must be wrong with the machinery.	這個機器一定有什麼地方不對勁
My vacation went by quickly.	我的假期一下就過完了
This is too expensive!	这太贵了
Sit tight.	耐心等着
I have a bicycle.	我有一輛自行車
She went for a walk.	她去散步了
I don't expect that they will support my view.	我不期望
Give me a little money.	给我一点钱
Oh, no! My house is on fire!	哦
I'm going to drop in on her next week.	下禮拜我要去拜訪她一下
Japan is not as big as Canada.	日本不像加拿大那么大
You've got to wake up.	你必須醒醒
I made up my mind to study harder.	我决定更努力地学习
Please make the bed.	請整理床鋪
He rested for a while.	他休息了一会儿
You've been causing problems.	你一直在制造麻烦
Could you call me tonight, please?	今晚你能打電話給我嗎
I am your father.	我是你爸爸
My father bought me a new bicycle.	父親買了一輛新自行車給我
A plane is flying above the city.	一架飛機在這個城市上空飛行
She made a man of him.	她使他長大成人
That isn't wine. It's grape juice.	這不是葡萄酒
Tom and I aren't friends. We're just coworkers.	湯姆跟我不是朋友
He does speak well.	他真的說得很好
I know that you think I'm crazy.	我知道你覺得我瘋了
Come here by ten at the latest.	最晚十點前來這裡
My brother seems to enjoy himself at college.	我弟弟似乎在大学过得很愉快
Will I be the only one going to the party?	会不会只有我一个人去聚会
It's fall now.	现在是秋天
This job pays pretty well.	这工作报酬很高
I know people think I'm odd.	我知道人們認為我古怪
He put on the red jacket.	他穿上了紅色的外套
I'll show you my room.	我會帶你看看我的房間
One more bottle of wine, please.	麻煩再來一瓶葡萄酒
It looks like it's going to snow.	看起來快下雪了
Since you're here, we might as well begin.	既然你在這裡
Please give me some advice on what I should do.	请给我提提建议
It belongs to my brother.	它屬於我兄弟
Tom hasn't finished his lunch yet.	湯姆還沒吃完晚飯
I hear you, but I don't see you.	我听得见你
Tom knows that I used to live in Boston.	湯姆知道我在波士頓住過
Please make a milkshake for me.	請幫我做個奶昔
You don't have any money.	您沒有任何錢
I've always distrusted Tom.	我一直不信任湯姆
Tom's good, but not good enough.	汤姆好
She is a good dancer.	她是一個很好的舞者
He is not a high school student.	他不是個高中生
Tom likes football.	汤姆喜欢足球
Countless stars were twinkling in the sky.	无数星星在天上闪烁
Will the police come?	警察会来吗
Stay and have a drink with us.	留下来和我们一起喝酒吧
It is not easy to catch a hare with your bare hands.	空手赤拳抓野兔並不容易
She is going to have a baby.	她將生孩子
Cows provide us with milk.	奶牛为我们提供牛奶
He is often absent from school.	他经常翘课
What nonsense are you talking now?	你胡说什么呢
My father is out.	我父亲外出了
A friend of mine came to see me during the day.	我的一個朋友在白天的時候來看我
Examine this.	调查下这个
She couldn't attend that party because she was sick.	她因病不能出席会议
What time does boarding begin?	什麼時候開始登機
I've known her for a long time.	我已經認識她很久了
Keep smiling.	保持微笑
I found the comic book very interesting.	我發現這本漫畫書非常有趣
Japan is not rich in natural resources.	日本並不擁有豐富的自然資源
He's always running short of cash.	他的現金總是不夠用
Tom will return home tomorrow.	汤姆明天回家
We are going to climb that mountain.	我們將要去爬那座山
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.	狡兔三窟
You're very shy.	你很害羞
He used to be a nice boy.	他以前是個好男孩
The box is almost empty.	盒子几乎是空的
I have difficulty in Japanese.	我学日語有困難
Tom's thrilled.	汤姆兴奋不已
I'll reconsider the matter.	我會重新考慮此事
I don't believe the child came to Tokyo alone.	我不相信孩子能独自到东京
They nominated Calvin Coolidge for vice president.	他们提名卡尔文
I saw her clean the room.	我看見了她打掃房間
Is there any coffee in the kitchen?	廚房裡有咖啡嗎
The conference is to be held in Tokyo the day after tomorrow.	会议将在后天于东京举行
As for me, I'm satisfied.	就我而言
Tom doesn't celebrate Christmas.	汤姆不庆祝圣诞
Tom says he hopes Mary is able to do that.	汤姆说他希望玛丽能做到
You must send for the doctor.	你必須派人去請醫生來
Did they live here?	他們從前住這嗎
Do you have a dictionary?	你有字典嗎
He wrote a book about a jungle adventure.	他写了一本关于丛林冒险的书
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.	他昨天抵達東京
I envy him.	我羡慕他
Are you free?	你有空吗
You haven't been listening.	你没听
No problem.	没关系
It's very special.	它很特別
Tom had a pain in his chest, so he went to the hospital.	汤姆胸痛
When you're here, I feel safer.	你在這裡的時候
Are you new?	你是新来的吗
I haven't seen you around here before.	我以前在这里没见过你
She didn't feel like eating lunch.	她不想吃午飯
My opinion is similar to yours.	我的觀點和你的類似
Let's proceed with the items on the agenda.	讓我們繼續進行議程上的項目
I have a new car.	我有辆新车
Is it really worth it?	这真的值得吗
I wish Tom would just go away.	我希望汤姆走开
He introduced me to his parents.	他把我介紹給他的父母認識
This isn't my key.	這不是我的鑰匙
He asked if I liked Chinese food.	他問我是否喜歡中國菜
Tom does everything he can to save money.	湯姆盡全力省錢
Tom is ill.	汤姆病了
May I speak to you a minute?	我可以和你講一下話嗎
Stop getting yourself worked up over little things.	不要让自己因为一些小事就方寸大乱了
We're in a hurry.	我們很急
I'll wait a day or two.	我會等一兩天
He's very angry with you.	他對你非常生氣
Flying is the quickest way to travel.	搭飛機是最快的旅行方式
You should go home now.	你应该现在就回家
I weighed myself on the bathroom scales.	我用浴室的体重计量了体重
It is a pity that you can't join us.	你不能和我們一起來真可惜
I bought a newspaper written in English.	我买了份英文写的报纸
Tom left his sunglasses on the dashboard of my car.	汤姆把他的太阳镜留在我的车的仪表板上了
Does Tom work in the kitchen?	汤姆在厨房里工作吗
They have many friends.	他们有很多朋友
A truck was standing in the middle of the road.	路中间有一辆卡车
I'll call you every night.	我每晚都給你打電話
Turn the TV off.	把電視關了
You work hard.	你工作努力
She showed us a beautiful hat.	她給我們看了一頂漂亮的帽子
Tom said that he wanted to cry.	湯姆說他想哭
Tom doesn't even talk to Mary anymore.	汤姆甚至不和玛丽说话了
"Thanks for the help." "Don't mention it."	“	谢谢你的帮助
It's my turn to do that.	轮到我做了
I just said something very stupid.	我刚说了很蠢的话
I'm looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.	我期待下周日能见到你
Tom and I weren't the ones who complained.	汤姆和我不是抱怨的人
Many of the user reviews on Amazon are fake.	亚马逊网站上的许多用户评论都是虚假的
Neither Tom nor I did that.	汤姆和我都没有那么做
Was I wrong?	我错了吗
I tried to tell you.	我試著要告訴你
This radio is no bigger than a matchbox.	这收音机不比火柴盒大
She is interested in learning new ideas.	她有興趣學習新的想法
She wanted to wash the dirty clothes.	她想洗脏衣服
Tom thanked everyone for waiting.	汤姆感谢每个人的等待
Does Tom still like jazz?	湯姆還喜歡爵士樂嗎
He hung a lamp from the ceiling.	他把一盏灯挂在了天花板上
"We haven't seen each other since 2009." "Has it been that long?"	“	我们从
You should be more reasonable.	你应该更明智一点
You don't have to eat.	你不必吃
I'd like to pay with a credit card.	我想用信用卡支付
I carried the box on my shoulder.	我把盒子扛在肩上
Love is like oxygen.	爱就像氧气
Beats me.	我一无所知
It is pitch dark.	天色漆黑
He wants to pay off his loan.	他想还清贷款
Experience is the best teacher.	經驗是最好的老師
I want to go to see a movie.	我要去看電影
Many TV programs have a bad influence on children.	許多電視節目對兒童有不良的影響
Tom is standing in the corner of the room.	汤姆正站在房间的角落
It's your turn to answer the question.	轮到你回答问题了
This is considered to be a matter of great importance.	这被认为是一件大事
You look good.	你气色不错
You'll have to start at once.	你必须马上开始
I found a coin on the sidewalk.	我在人行道上發現了一枚硬幣
Beauty's in the eye of the beholder.	美驻留在看的那个人的眼里
Is your family doing well?	你的家人好么
You can tell us.	你能告诉我们
I'm glad Mary isn't my wife.	我很高兴玛丽不是我的妻子
This morning, I saw an angel.	我今晨看见一位天使
Tom refused to help Mary do her homework.	湯姆拒絕幫瑪麗做作業
An unforgettable event occurred.	一场令人难忘的事件发生了
The kettle is boiling.	茶壺沸了
That's my dictionary.	那是我的字典
Tom has lost weight recently.	湯姆最近變瘦了
Tom's hands are large.	汤姆的手大
She sent this book to me.	她寄這本書給我
I wish I had seen her.	但願我見過她
He fell in love with her at first sight.	他對她一見鍾情
I'm not feeling that hungry yet.	我感觉还不是那么饿
Tom can't work this evening.	湯姆今晚不能工作
The child cried.	小孩哭了
My uncle lives near the school.	我叔叔住在学校附近
He never speaks unless spoken to.	除非有人跟他說話
In the morning, I write in the park.	我每天早上在公園寫作
Drive on.	往前开
Can you come?	你能來嗎
She tossed me grapes and I tried to catch them with my mouth.	她朝我丢葡萄
It isn't raining.	不在下雨
Who else knows about it?	還有誰知道它
Step inside.	进来
He was very good at playing tennis.	他打网球打得很好
It is rude to stare at someone.	盯著別人看是不禮貌的
"She likes music." "So do I."	“	她喜欢音乐
I don't want to miss my train.	我不想错过我的火车
Tom is no dummy.	汤姆不是白痴
I don't want to be friends with you.	我不想跟你交朋友
It takes time.	这需要时间
Please show me the green shirt.	請給我看看這件綠色的襯衫
I'll never see her again.	我再也不會見她了
He was severe with his children.	他对自己的孩子很严格
It makes no sense at all.	这没有任何意义
They told me that I would feel a little better if I took this medicine.	他們告訴我吃完這個藥我就會覺得舒服一點
I'm feeling good this morning.	我今天早晨感觉良好
Her mother knocked on the door.	她的母親敲門
I'll give you whatever you want.	我会给你你想要的任何事物
This is the church where we got married.	這裡是我們結婚的教堂
I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name.	我聽到車站外的人群中有人在叫我的名字
There were few children in the room.	房间里没几个小孩子
I'm learning two foreign languages.	我正在学两门外语
It's already eleven.	已经是
Software is constantly evolving.	软件正在不断进化
Tom was there physically, but not mentally.	汤姆人在心不在
You look surprised.	你看起来很吃惊
I don't like this idea.	我不喜歡這個主意
Everybody says I look like my father.	每個人都說我看起來像我爸爸
I know what it's like to lose someone.	我知道这看起来像是失去了某人
See you again next Monday.	下週一再見
I have to do my best.	我应该尽我的全力
I hope you'll get better soon.	我想你快点好
I got injured in the traffic accident.	我在這場交通意外中受了傷
Tom died in the battle.	湯姆在戰鬥中死了
When did you begin to learn English?	您什么时候开始学英语的
Tom's new girlfriend is a vegetarian.	汤姆新的女朋友是素食主义者
I see you found your bag.	我见你找到了你的包
I ate the meat.	我吃肉了
What's this?	這是什麼
You don't like gambling, do you?	你不喜歡賭博
Could you translate this sentence?	你能翻译这个句子吗
Tom is now on vacation.	汤姆正在度假
What's your favorite color?	你最喜欢的颜色是什么
Bring me a glass of water.	给我一杯水
It's dangerous to swim in this river.	在这条河里游泳很危险
One of the children left the door open.	其中一個孩子讓門開著
My uncle gave his car to me.	我叔叔把他的車給我
You will soon get used to speaking in public.	你很快就會習慣在公開場合講話了
I don't hate you.	我不讨厌你
Some of them seem to be too difficult.	其中一些似乎太难了
People, old and young, all came out to greet the guests.	无论老幼
Don't you feel better?	你感覺好些了嗎
Will you accept this job?	你会接受这份工作吗
Tom's name was on the list.	湯姆的名字在名單上
I'm on Tom's side.	我站在湯姆一邊
Because of the snow, I couldn't see anything.	因为下雪了
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible.	她試著舉起箱子
It snowed.	下雪了
The clock has stopped.	鐘停了
This is the end.	這是結束
One of my bags is missing.	我的一個包包不見了
May I have a napkin, please?	請給我一張餐巾紙好嗎
I haven't quite finished eating.	我還沒有完全吃完
Tom didn't seem hungry.	汤姆看起来不饿
I don't want to talk about this.	我不想谈论这个问题
She works with single-minded determination.	她一心一意地工作
Our friend finished the race in second place.	我们的朋友完成了比赛
You are stupid.	你很愚蠢
Please send this by registered mail.	請用掛號寄這個
We have to do our best.	我们应该做到最好
I speak French every day at work.	我每天工作时都讲法语
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan.	雖然她在日本被撫養長大
Who is the woman dressed in pink?	那個穿粉紅色衣服的女人是誰
Who wrote this story?	谁写了这个故事
It won't take much time.	不會花很多時間的
I can barely stand his behavior.	我難以容忍他的行為
We'll be sure to look into it.	我们一定会调查它
Let him play your guitar.	讓他彈你的吉他
I'm going fishing with him.	我跟他去钓鱼
Your suggestion seems reasonable.	你的建議似乎是合理的
I miss my children.	我想念我的孩子
Don't leave!	別走
He wishes to erase bad memories.	他希望抹去不好的记忆
The train is 10 minutes late today.	火車今天晚了十分鐘
We grow vegetables in our garden.	我們在我們的花園裡種蔬菜
Is this a duty-free shop?	這是一間免稅商店嗎
Tom thinks he's related to me.	湯姆認為他跟我有關係
When was it built?	它是什麼什麼時候蓋的
Bring me a dry towel.	給我一條乾毛巾
He speaks too fast.	他说话太快了
So, where's the problem?	所以
You do have choices.	你有选择
In another two weeks you will be able to get out of the hospital.	再过两周你就可以出院了
I'm from Boston.	他來自波士頓
Don't kid around.	別開玩笑了
Our restaurant is the best.	我们的饭店是最好的
The soldiers are ready for battle.	士兵們準備好要戰鬥了
Tom's not breathing.	汤姆没有呼吸了
What a pity!	可惜
It is easier than I thought.	它比我想的容易
Are you allergic to any medicine?	你對任何藥物過敏嗎
Someone came.	有人来了
Tom disassembled the clock.	汤姆把钟拆开了
I'd rather stay at home.	我寧願待在家裡
Do you want to have sushi tonight?	你今晚想吃壽司嗎
This isn't salt.	这不是盐
Tom no longer trusts Mary.	湯姆不再相信瑪麗了
Tom says Mary can't do that.	湯姆說瑪麗不能做
We go to the same school.	我們上同一所學校
What's the daily fee?	每天费用多少
They don't always obey their parents.	他們並不總是服從他們的父母
How did you get to know him?	你是怎么认识他的
Can I use my medical insurance?	我可以使用我的醫療保險嗎
Please open the door.	請開門
Do you play the guitar?	你們彈吉他嗎
That's the computer on which he writes his articles.	那就是那台他用来写文章的电脑
Silence gives consent.	沉默就意味着同意
Tom is a grumpy old man.	汤姆是个脾气暴躁的老人
It is believed that whales have their own language.	人们相信鲸有他们自己的语言
April showers bring May flowers.	四月春雨
Do you speak English?	你说英语吗
Tom realized he had lost his wallet.	湯姆意識到他丢了錢包
Every time I went to his place, he was studying.	每次我去他住處
Prices have reached a 13-year high.	价格已经达到了十三年以来的最高点
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.	亲吻一个抽烟的人就像在舔烟灰缸
I promised myself that I would never do that again.	我对自己发誓今后不会再那么做
Did you eat at home before you came here?	你來之前在家裡吃飯了嗎
Could you please not smoke in this room?	请问你能不在房间里吸烟吗
I dreamed about you.	我梦到你了
Please fill out this form first.	請先填寫這張表格
You need to shed some pounds.	你需要甩掉几磅
He played the piano and she sang.	他彈鋼琴
She was always quarreling with her brothers.	她一直和她的兄弟争吵
I heard our dog barking all night.	我聽到我們的狗叫了一整夜
Are you ready to proceed?	准备好继续了吗
My older brother is a teacher.	我哥哥是一名教師
Do you like strawberries?	你喜歡草莓嗎
She is now eighty-one years old.	她現在八十一歲了
First off, I'd like you to come with me to a department store sale.	首先
Everyone was OK.	大家都还行
You have no right to do that.	你無權那麼做
What will it take to bring him down?	要怎么才能把他拉下马
She attempted suicide.	她企圖自殺
I try not to think about it.	我試著不去想了
He prays several times a day.	他每天祈祷好几次
He knows a lot about foreign affairs.	他知道很多外國事務
She kept on working.	她继续工作
I'm telling you the truth.	我在告訴你真相
Tom's life was changed forever.	湯姆的生活被彻底改變了
The losses are incalculable.	損失是無法估計的
Do you have any cough medicine?	你有止咳藥嗎
I think we should lower the price.	我觉得我们得调低价格
I like that person.	我喜欢那个人
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.	凡人皆有得意时
It won't work.	它不会奏效
Mary isn't as active as her sister.	玛丽没她姐妹活跃
The plane is about to take off.	飞机快要起飞了
Cut the potatoes.	把土豆切一下
I'm ready to die.	我已經準備去死了
I think that Tom should go on a diet.	我觉得汤姆需要减肥了
Tom said he wasn't sure what Mary wanted to do.	汤姆说他不确定玛丽想做什么
You don't look so hot.	你看上去不太好
Tom's dog bit him playfully.	汤姆的狗咬他玩
He leaves for school at seven.	他七點鐘去學校
This is a problem you have to solve by yourself.	这是一个你必须自己解决的问题
I'd like some more water.	请再给我一些水
Tom is a politician.	汤姆是位政治家
How are you, Tom?	你好嗎
What are you hinting at?	您在暗示什么
You should put your coat on.	你應該把大衣穿上
Why don't you have some sushi?	为什么不尝尝寿司
Did Tom use to be a teacher?	湯姆以前是教師嗎
His sad story touched my heart.	他悲伤的故事触动了我的心
If you're tired, go to bed.	你若累了
He failed to answer the letter.	他沒有回信
I can't do without her help.	沒有她的幫助我做不到
She had the boys paint the house.	她要男孩們粉刷房子
You should make an effort to stop smoking.	你應該努力去戒煙
Tom couldn't help but smile.	汤姆帮不了
So, what'll you give me?	那你会给我什么
This suit seems really expensive.	这西装好像真的很贵
I told Tom that I thought it was a good idea.	我和汤姆说了
Nobody watches her.	谁也没在看她
The girl was always following her mother.	那女孩不管到哪兒都跟著母親
Do not fear the unexpected, but be prepared for it.	不要害怕意外
I had a lot of fun last weekend.	我上周末玩得很开心
Learning English requires patience.	學英語需要耐性
Tom said nothing.	汤姆什么也没说
She's my daughter.	她是我女儿
Would you like to go abroad?	你想出國嗎
I don't like to be alone.	我不喜歡獨處
Soccer is the most popular sport in Brazil.	足球在巴西是最受欢迎的运动
Tom's older than me.	湯姆年紀比我大
How are you doing?	你們好嗎
Her skin is as white as snow.	她的皮肤白得像雪
As far as I know, she is still missing.	据我所知
Which one are you referring to?	你指的是哪个
Your problem is similar to mine.	你的問題和我的相似
It's the right thing to do.	這是正確的事情
Eat a lot of vegetables.	多吃点蔬菜
She was elected chairman of the committee.	她當選為委員會主席
I've been really busy lately.	我最近真的很忙
Your bicycle is similar to mine.	你的腳踏車和我的很相似
They're digging a hole.	他們正在挖一個洞
Please put those chairs away.	請把那些椅子放好
You spend too much money.	你花太多钱了
I've been here before.	我之前已经来过这里了
She forced him to eat spinach.	她強迫他吃菠菜
He repeated his question.	他重述他的問題
You don't need to answer that letter.	沒有必要回那封信
What if someone sees us?	如果有人看見我們怎麼辦
What's today's date?	今天幾號
I waited for him all day long.	我等了他一整天
She is sitting on the bench.	她坐在長椅上
She was on the point of leaving.	她正要出去
I met her in London for the first time.	我第一次遇见她是在伦敦
He tried to concentrate on the letter.	他试图把注意力集中在信上
I don't go to school.	我不去学校
He gave me authority to fire them.	他授權給我解僱了他們
Tom didn't show up at the party yesterday.	湯姆昨天沒有出現在派對上
Cherry trees are now in bloom in Washington.	华盛顿的樱花现在开放
His face turned pale.	他的脸失去了所有颜色
What do you think about this?	你对这件事有什么看法
I don't need anyone.	我谁也不需要
While I was reading in bed last night, I fell asleep with the light on.	我昨晚在床上看书的时候点着灯就睡了
Get out!	出去
You ought to thank him.	你应该感谢他
It's difficult for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.	法语说得快
They didn't speak French very well.	他們說法語說得不太好
Where did you get your camera repaired?	你在哪儿修的照相机
Are you able to swim?	你能游泳嗎
Please leave everything to me.	請把所有的東西留給我
Let's hope you don't need it.	希望你用不着它
How do you know about this?	你为什么会知道
Running is good for your health.	跑步對你的健康有益
I think it was a good day.	我認為那是個好日子
Tom arrived after I left.	汤姆在我走后到了
Did you give Tom the key?	你把钥匙给汤姆了吗
My father likes traveling by air.	我父親喜歡搭飛機旅行
I suddenly thought of my dead mother.	我忽然想起了我死去的妈妈
I'm sorry I hurt you.	很抱歉我伤害了你
His influence extends all over the country.	他的影響遍及全國
I have a friend whose father is a magician.	我一哥們兒他爹是變戲法的
He explained the literal meaning of the sentences.	他解释了句子的字面意思
We have a really good cook.	我们有一位非常好的厨师
Do you want to come along?	你想不想一起去
Tom wrung out the towel and hung it up to dry.	汤姆拧干毛巾挂起来晾干
Tom is more active.	汤姆更活跃
Do you often travel abroad?	你经常出国吗
We've decided to remain silent.	我們決定要保持沉默
I'm going over to Tom's house now to tell him about what happened.	我现在要去汤姆家告诉他发生了什么
Admission is $3.00 at the door.	入场费是
The horse is a useful animal.	马是种很有用的动物
How long were you in jail?	你在监狱里呆了多久
Please turn down the music.	请把音乐声调小
I approved it.	我赞同
You are free to go.	您可以走了
I go to school by subway.	我搭地铁上学
He is always giving presents to his wife.	他一直會給他妻子送禮物
This is your dog.	这是你的狗
That wasn't my intention.	那不是我的本意
Father takes the 7:00 subway to work.	爸爸乘早上
You don't have to buy me anything.	你不必为我买什么
Say no to drugs.	對毒品說不
I am too short.	我太矮了
He could not swim.	他不能游泳
I'm going to go tell Tom.	我要告诉汤姆
Sometimes that happens.	那有时会发生
Tom died three months ago.	湯姆三個月前死了
I take a bath every morning in the summer.	在夏季
I got this vacuum cleaner for nothing.	我免費得到了這個吸塵器
I wasn't drunk.	我沒醉
Tom doubled his investment in a year.	汤姆一年内增加了一倍的投资
I could smell the alcohol on his breath.	我能闻到他呼吸中的酒精味
What does everybody else think?	其他人怎麼想
A right angle has ninety degrees.	直角是九十度
I liked Tom right away.	我很快喜欢上汤姆了
Don't do this to me again.	別再對我做這事了
She warmed herself by the fire.	她在火旁邊讓自己暖和起來
I slapped his face.	我摑了他的臉
I'm not disagreeing with you.	我没有反对你
He is unsatisfied with the result.	他对结果不满意
He was just on the verge of going to sleep.	他快要睡了
I'm going to school.	我去学校了
He was late for school yesterday.	他昨天上学迟到了
I swear I'll never do such a thing.	我发誓我不会做这种事
When does it begin?	什么时候开始
You've grown up.	你长大了
You can't prove that.	你无法证明
Tom told Mary she couldn't do that.	湯姆告訴瑪麗她不能做那件事
I want you to not go to Boston with Tom.	我要你別和湯姆去波士頓
Are you mad at Tom?	你在生汤姆的气吗
I've already eaten dinner.	我已經吃晚飯了
Do you still love Tom?	你依然爱汤姆吗
I paid ten dollars for this cap.	我付了十美元買這頂帽子
You must always keep your hands clean.	您应该一直让手保持干净
Stay out of my room.	别进我的房间
The building has 20 floors.	大楼有
He was killed in a car accident.	他死於一場車禍
I don't know why you're here.	我不知道你為甚麼在這裡
It was Marie Curie who discovered radium.	鐳是居里夫人所發現的
Don't worry about others.	不用担心其他人
Riding double on a bicycle is dangerous.	腳踏車雙載是危險的
There was a big fire last night.	昨晚發生了一場很大的火災
Tom had no idea Mary was a serial killer.	汤姆不知道玛丽是个连环杀手
The storm prevented us from arriving on time.	暴风妨碍了我们准时到达
Wait!	等等
I am a good boy.	我是一个好男孩
Are you married?	您成家了吗
He is difficult to get along with.	他這個人很難相處
I was quite thirsty and wanted to drink something cool.	我很渴
The landlord says he wants to raise the rent.	地主说他要提高租金
Will he be able to catch the train?	他能趕上火車嗎
The typhoon struck the Kanto district.	台风袭击了关东地区
Many goods are now transported by air.	如今很多的货物都由飞机运送
How many students are there in your school?	你们学校有多少学生
Real friendship is more valuable than money.	真正的友谊比金钱更有价值
The value of the painting was estimated at several million dollars.	这幅画被估价数百万元
I'm sorry for being late.	对不起
Tom wanted something else.	湯姆想要別的東西
Your brother won't buy it.	你哥哥不會買它
Tom didn't say a single word.	湯姆甚麼也没說
She was at a loss for words to express her feeling.	她已经无法用语言表达她的感觉了
Every minute counts.	分秒必争
I'll drive you to the airport.	我会开车送你去机场
How did you make this soup?	这汤怎么做的
You should've come yesterday.	你昨天應該來的
I'm sorry, but it's impossible.	我很抱歉
Do you have a guilty conscience?	是你心里有鬼吧
He is a DJ.	他是一个
Did you get my letter?	你收到了我发的邮件了吗
Everyone except Tom ate pizza.	所有人除了汤姆都吃了比萨
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.	格雷厄姆葛林是我最喜歡的作家之一
I hope Tom's predictions are wrong.	我希望汤姆的预测是错的
He lost his way in the woods.	他在森林中迷了路
Don't underestimate me.	你可别低估我
It was rather easy for them.	這是對他們來說相當容易
What's that building?	那栋建筑是什么呢
How far is it to the airport?	到机场有多远
I don't want to live my life in fear.	我不想在恐惧中生活
He gave the child a toy.	他给了孩子一个玩具
I can't put up with him.	我受不了他
Love doesn't exist.	愛不存在
You must've been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place.	在那种地方碰到你的老师
What are they doing here?	他們在這裡做甚麼
No one can escape growing old.	没有人能逃过衰老
You have good reason to be angry.	你有充分的理由生氣
How did your weekend go?	你週末過得怎麼樣
He doesn't like to eat fish.	他不喜歡吃魚
The girl resembled her mother.	這個女孩很像她的母親
Are they all the same?	他们都是一样的吗
Do you have a soup bowl?	你有碗盛湯嗎
A plastic dish will melt on the stove.	塑料盘子在烤箱里会化的
Many people were killed in the war.	很多人在戰爭中被殺
I do not remember seeing the letter, but perhaps I read it.	我不記得我看過這封信
She disliked her husband.	她不喜歡她的丈夫
I hope that you give this book a read.	我希望你讀讀這本書
My brother took me to the museum.	我哥哥帶我去博物館
He sent me a birthday card.	他寄給我一張生日賀卡
I feel no sympathy for Tom.	我不同情湯姆
I like you.	我喜歡你
I am leaving next week.	我下個星期離開
What can Tom do?	汤姆能做什么
How long have you known her?	你认识她多久了
Please take good care of yourself.	請好好照顧你自己
Is everybody ready?	所有人都准备好了吗
He's opposed to racial discrimination.	他反對種族歧視
Are those two going out?	那兩個要出去嗎
How are you? Did you have a good trip?	你怎么样
Sit wherever you like.	你愛坐哪裡就坐哪裡
I will give you a bike for your birthday.	你生日的时候
My father is always poking his nose into my private life.	我的父亲总是干涉我的私生活
You're a good person.	你是一個好人
No fewer than 50 passengers were killed.	不下
He drives his own car.	他開他自己的車
You should give up smoking and drinking.	你该戒烟戒酒了
I didn't tell them.	我沒告訴他們
She is busy preparing supper now.	她現在正忙著準備晚飯
Yes, I know.	是的
How much does this watch cost?	这只表多少钱
It's my CD, isn't it?	這是我的
Which is your book?	哪本書是你們的
When my mother was young, she was very beautiful.	我妈年轻的时候非常漂亮
My sister is older than my brother.	我姐姐比我哥哥大
Did you cut the paper?	你裁切紙張了嗎
I swear I didn't do anything.	我发誓我什么也没做
Most students walk to school.	大多数学生步行去学校
A good idea suddenly came to me.	我的大腦裏突然出現了一個很好的想法
We had to live together.	我們要在一起生活
Pull up your stockings.	把你的絲襪拉上去
Someone is playing the piano.	有人正在彈鋼琴
Developing political awareness takes time.	培养政治意识要花费时间
Are you going to buy a dictionary?	你要去買詞典嗎
You have to do it by yourself.	你必须独立完成
It may sound strange, but what she said is true.	聽起來或許有點怪
I'm not the least bit scared of you.	我一点都不怕你
He's eating an apple.	他正吃著一個蘋果
I had my bicycle stolen last night.	昨晚我的自行车被偷了
It's a piece of cake.	小菜一碟
He picked up the book.	他拾起了書
After walking for an hour, we stopped to take a rest.	走了一個小時後
I'll meet to you at eight.	我八點會跟你見面
Why can't we have pizza?	为什么我们不能要比萨
He brought back several souvenirs.	他帶回了一些紀念品
I was late to school.	我上学迟到了
My name doesn't appear on the list.	我的名字沒有出現在名單上
A hare raced with a tortoise.	兔子和乌龟赛跑
I'm a waiter.	我是服务生
A caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket.	籠子裡的蟋蟀吃得跟野生的蟋蟀一樣多
Take the pan off the fire.	把平底鍋離火
Do you know who they are?	你知道他們是誰嗎
I'd like a window seat, please.	請給我靠窗口的位子
My house is near the school.	我的家离学校很近
They got out of the car.	他們下了車
She is aged seventeen.	她十七岁了
We graduate from high school at eighteen.	我們在十八歲的時候從高中畢業了
I am not a teacher.	我不是個老師
There are over 800,000 Basque speakers in the world.	世界上有超過八十萬的巴斯克語使用者
You may go home now.	你現在可以回家了
Are you going to visit any other countries?	你会去访问其他国家吗
She was about to leave.	她正要出去
She expressed her feelings for nature in a poem.	她通過一首詩表達了她對大自然的感受
Rice is grown in rainy regions.	人們在多雨地區種植水稻
The woman glared at us.	女人瞪了我們
Tom has never been in prison.	湯姆從沒進過監獄
We hardly have time to eat breakfast.	我们几乎没空吃早饭
He was too young to live alone.	他太年輕了無法獨自生活
Where do they want to go?	他们想到哪儿去
Second semester has ended.	第二學期結束了
I've already considered that possibility.	我已经考虑过那种可能性了
She lived up to our expectations.	她没有辜负我们的期望
How can I reach you?	我怎樣才能連絡到你
My dad used to be a miller.	我父亲以前是磨坊主
Is this really worth it?	这样真的值得吗
I think you have a fever.	我觉得你发烧了
The sky grew darker and darker.	天空变得越来越暗了
Are you interested in music?	你对音乐感不感兴趣
The car is ready.	汽车准备好了
If you heat ice, it melts.	如果你加热冰它就会融化
Tom is very much alone.	汤姆非常孤单
He became famous.	他出名了
I thought we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.	我以为我们发现了绝妙的藏身之处
My father is going for a walk in the park.	我父親要去公園裡走
Please have a drink.	喝點兒什麼
Get me a chair, please.	请给我找一把椅子
He's busy with his homework now.	他現在正忙著做他的家庭作業
Is anybody home?	家里有没有人
What's your advice?	你有什么建议呢
I've been feeling sick for the past few days.	我这两天感觉难受
Do you offer any all-day tours?	你提供任何全日遊嗎
Are you ready?	您准备好了吗
How much does a bus ticket cost?	公車票價多少錢
Respect for law is fundamental to our society.	尊重法律是我們社會的基礎
You should try this.	你应该试试这个
I was very tired last night.	我昨晚很累了
Will you buy something?	你要买点东西吗
I want to get rid of it.	我想擺脫它
Would anybody like some coffee?	有人要咖啡吗
Don't shout.	不许大叫
It might rain.	可能会下雨
My son is tired of hamburgers.	我的兒子厭煩了漢堡包
The bank is not open on Saturdays.	银行星期六不营业
I have so many ideas.	我有那麼多的主意
Tom set the bird free.	Tom	將鳥放走
We loaded a lot of luggage into the car.	我們往車裡装了很多行李
He took off his overcoat.	他脫掉了大衣
Please don't misunderstand me.	千万别误会我的意思
Why do you need it?	你為什麼需要它
They say that he will never return.	他們說他永遠不會回來
She kept working.	她继续工作
I ripped my pants.	我扯掉了自己的裤子
Is it OK if I hold your hand?	我可以牵着你的手吗
He is a teacher.	他是老师
Something strange is going on.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
Do you know of any good restaurant near here?	你知道这儿附近有什么好餐馆吗
The date of manufacture is shown on the lid.	生产日期在盖子上
We haven't known each other long.	我們彼此認識沒有很久
Say which you would like.	说你想要哪个
You've got to apologize.	你應該道歉
I can't do it either.	我也不會做
I'm poor at swimming.	我不擅長游泳
There is no salt left.	没有盐了
The job offer still stands.	這份工作錄取仍然有效
You've got a visitor.	你有客人
I'm just looking, thank you.	我只是看看
You've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.	你已經辛苦地工作好幾個月了
Tom should've discussed that with you.	汤姆应该跟你讨论过那事了
She sometimes gets depressed.	她偶爾有憂鬱的心情
I wish you good luck.	祝你好运
The dog was hit by a truck.	狗被卡車撞了
If a sick person folds one thousand paper cranes, her wish will come true.	如果一個病人折一千隻紙鶴
I don't like the taste of onions.	我不喜歡洋蔥的味道
Tom didn't go there yesterday.	汤姆昨天没去那里
Even if I knew the answer, I wouldn't tell you.	即使我知道答案
It's dangerous to swim in this river.	在這條河裡游泳很危險
You'll get used to this in three or four weeks.	你在三或四周内就会习惯
Aren't you cold?	你不冷吗
America is very big.	美洲很大
How weird!	多怪啊
You very nearly guessed it.	你差不多猜对了
You look pale.	你看起來很蒼白
Few people live to be 100 years old.	很少人活到
Tom is interested in math.	湯姆是對數學感興趣
How rude of you!	你真粗魯
He is twice as old as she is.	他的年龄是她的两倍
A permit is required.	需要准许
You're in trouble now.	你有麻烦了
Tom should have plenty of time.	汤姆应该有很多时间
Give me the notebook.	把筆記本給我
Who is the girl standing over there?	站在那儿的女孩是谁
I thought I told you to stay away from my computer.	我说过让你离我的电脑远一点的
He doesn't know how to play golf.	他不知道如何打高爾夫球
I admire his courage.	我很佩服他的勇氣
The exhibition is now open.	展览现在已经开放
A day has twenty-four hours.	一天有二十四个小时
It's dangerous!	它是危險的
I can't lend you any money.	我不能借你任何錢
You have the right to know.	你有资格知道
Did Tom tell you where he was going?	汤姆告诉你他去哪儿了吗
You told Tom you could do that, didn't you?	你告诉汤姆你可以做到
He objected to our plan.	他反對我們的計劃
What did you do last night?	你昨天晚上做什麼
I really liked the gift you gave me.	我真喜歡你給我的禮物
If you're happy, I'm happy.	如果你高興
That's too bad.	那太糟糕了
I hope to see Tom soon.	我希望能早点看到汤姆
How do you account for that?	你怎样作出的解释
Tom didn't have enough time to answer all the questions on the test.	汤姆考试时没时间答完所有题
Have a nice trip!	旅途愉快
Why should you think that?	为什么你对于这个有这样的想法
I plan to buy him a pen.	我打算給他買一支鋼筆
Be quiet, or the baby will wake up.	安靜
How high is Mt. Fuji?	富士山有多高
"Did you watch TV last week?" "No, I didn't."	“	上周你看电视了吗
I'm looking for a coat in my size.	我在找有我尺寸的上衣
Someone is obviously telling a lie.	顯然有人在撒謊
He catches colds easily.	他很容易感冒
You are so stupid.	你真傻
Tom died in an accident.	湯姆在一場意外中喪生
I bought her a nice Christmas present.	我給她買了一個不錯的聖誕禮物
A fire broke out the day before yesterday.	前天發生了火災
I need your advice.	我需要你的意见
His son was expelled from school.	他的兒子被學校開除了
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.	要想成功只需要无知和自信
Tom owns a yellow sports car.	汤姆有一辆黄色跑车
Our country's climate is temperate.	我國是溫帶氣候
I can't tell you how much I'll miss Tom.	我不会告诉你我有多想念汤姆
Jealousy was the motive for the murder.	嫉妒是謀殺的動機
Would you please autograph this book?	請您在這本書上簽名好嗎
Keep looking.	繼續看
Shouldn't you still be in bed?	你不該還在床上嗎
I'm not sure.	我不确定
This dress cost me over 40,000 yen.	這件衣服花了我
There weren't any roses in the garden.	花園裡沒有任何玫瑰
I refused, of course.	我當然拒絶了
We gazed at the beautiful scenery.	我們望著這美麗的風景
This is my first time.	這是我的第一次
Tom and Mary couldn't help me do that.	湯姆和瑪麗不能幫我去做
Mathematics is difficult for me.	數學對我來說很難
Do you like it?	你喜歡嗎
Where are you going?	你要去哪裡
It is time you had a haircut!	你到了该去理发的时候了
He is known as a great poet.	他以一個偉大的詩人聞名
Don't fret.	別擔心
He likes to travel. I do, too.	他喜欢旅行
Who are you waiting for?	你在等誰
May I drink alcohol?	我可以喝酒吗
Who do you suggest we talk to?	你建議我們跟誰講話
Don't you want to use mine?	你不想用我的嗎
I'm not feeling well.	我身体不适
I'll ask Tom to wait.	我會請
Have you met her before?	你以前見過她嗎
He broke up the chair for firewood.	他摔斷了椅子當柴火
Do you want to eat something else?	你想吃點別的嗎
This dictionary contains about 40,000 headwords.	这本字典包含了约
See you soon!	一会儿见
You're very resourceful.	你鬼点子真多
I bought a camera two days ago.	兩天前我買了一台照相機
Do you know how to whistle?	你会吹口哨吗
Is Tom a good guy?	汤姆是好人
Tom climbed over the wall.	湯姆爬上了墙
Tom gave a different answer.	湯姆給出了不同的答案
Are you able to play organ?	你会弹管风琴吗
Let's play baseball after school.	讓我們放學後打棒球
All the dogs are alive.	所有狗都活着
I'm famished.	我肚子饿极了
I'd like a glass of water, please.	我要一杯水
You're not supposed to be here now.	你现在不应该在这里
Romeo and Juliet is on at the theater.	罗密欧和朱丽叶正在剧场上演
Do you like music?	你爱音乐吗
Tom won't know what to do.	湯姆不會知道要做甚麼
Excuse me, but where is the library?	對不起
No words can express her deep sorrow.	她的悲伤无法言喻
Can you play the organ?	你会弹管风琴吗
I ordered pizza by telephone.	我打电话订了个披萨
It wasn't my intention.	那不是我的本意
The legal system in America is the world's finest.	美國的司法制度是世界上最好的
My brother takes care of our dog.	我弟弟照顧我們的狗
I just knew you would say that.	我就知道你会这么说
I didn't sleep a wink last night.	我昨晚一夜沒闔眼
I thought it best to remain silent.	我想最好還是保持沉默
She is doing her homework now.	她現在正在做她的功課
She would often go to the theater when she was in London.	她在伦敦的时候
I studied around the clock.	我夜以繼日地讀書
That house belongs to him.	這棟房子是屬於他的
We can rely on his judgement.	我們可以信賴他的判斷
I don't have any children.	我没有孩子
Tom was able to make himself understood in French when he visited Paris.	在巴黎
How long can I borrow this book?	这本书我能借多久
Tomorrow is my day off.	明天是我的休息日
This is a small town.	这是个小镇
Is there a hospital nearby?	這附近有醫院嗎
I asked for my father's help.	我請我父親幫忙
I'm three years younger than you are.	我比你小三歲
You need to pay extra for the batteries.	电池要额外付钱
I don't like that.	我不喜欢
Let me do that for you.	让我为您做这件事
Have you ever thought of becoming a nurse?	你曾經想過當個護士嗎
The area of the factory is 1,000 square meters.	工厂的面积是
What did they say?	他们说了些什么
It was time to leave.	是时候离开了
Don't shoot.	停火
Which do you like better, rock music or classical music?	你比較喜歡哪一個
This milk won't keep till tomorrow.	這牛奶放到明天會壞的
Our baby can't talk yet.	我家宝宝还不会说话
Are you the one who did that?	你就是做那事的人嗎
Where is the bank?	银行在哪里
Tom used to swim a lot when he was younger.	汤姆年轻的时候经常游泳
Throw the ball back to me.	把球丟還給我
Our teacher likes his new car.	我們的老師喜歡他的新車
How did you celebrate your birthday?	你是怎样庆祝生日的
The audience was very large.	观众人数庞大
I saw a man get hit by a car.	我看到有个男人被车撞了
I've never climbed this mountain.	我从没有爬过这座山
Did you leave the window open?	你讓窗戶開著嗎
We don't have any more bread.	我們沒麵包了
The teacher had a bad cold.	老師患了重感冒
He has a lot of money in the bank.	他在银行里有大量钱财
I like tennis very much.	我非常喜歡網球
Finland is a small country.	芬兰是小国
Tom is on the bus to the city.	湯姆搭公車去市區
What do you want?	你想要什么
Please leave right away.	請馬上離開
There's a cat under the desk.	书桌下有一只猫
What do you want for breakfast?	你早餐想要吃什麼
They are making for the forest.	他们正向森林而去
He is very handsome.	他很英俊
I'd like to live in New York.	我想住在紐約
He told me that I looked pale and asked me what the matter was.	他跟我说我很苍白
It is the things that we do not possess which seem to us most desirable.	得不到的东西就最想得到
She has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants.	她真的有本事让别人做她想做的事
I paid two thousand yen for the book.	我用两千日元买了这本书
French isn't Tom's native language.	法语不是汤姆的母语
It's said that she's a well-known actress.	據說她是個知名的女演員
You have a way with women.	你对女人有一套
I never thought that would happen.	我从来没想到会发生那种事
The firemen soon put out the fire.	消防隊員很快就把火撲滅了
We're almost broke.	我們快破產了
Close your eyes, and count to ten.	閉上你的眼睛
I'm looking for my cat.	我在找我的猫
Tom won't tell Mary the real reason that he did that.	汤姆不会告诉玛丽他做那件事的真实原因
Forget it.	算了
Tom has brains.	汤姆脑子好使
I'm sure that this is a fresh water fish.	我肯定这是淡水鱼
We get the materials from Malaysia.	我們從馬來西亞得到材料
You must finish this by 2:30.	你必须在两点半之前完成它
We need to buy a new TV.	我们需要买新电视机
You're a beautiful woman.	你是个美人
This medicine has no side effects.	这药没有副作用
I give up.	我放弃
Can she endure a long trip?	她能忍受長途旅行嗎
The fish in this restaurant is delicious.	這家餐廳的魚很好吃
I'm not fond of her face.	我不喜歡她的臉
She was married to a rich man.	她嫁給了一個有錢的男人
I can't understand what happened.	我不懂发生了什么
We need to go.	我们必须走了
Basho was the greatest poet.	Basho	是最偉大的詩人
Her birthday party will be tomorrow evening.	她的生日宴會將在明天晚上
She has a dog and six cats.	她有一只狗和六只猫
Tom applauded.	汤姆鼓掌
She was wearing pumps.	她穿著舞鞋
Did you bring a hair dryer?	你有帶吹風機嗎
There are no chairs in this room.	這個房間裡沒有椅子
Wood burns.	木材可燃
Please wait a bit.	请稍等一下
Where is the nearest church?	最近的教堂在哪里
You made it.	你做到了
How long are you planning to stay?	你准备待多久
It won't make any difference.	这没有任何区别
I like you.	我喜欢你
He had no idea why his wife left him.	他不知道为什么他的妻子要离开他
There's an outside chance of winning.	贏的機會微乎其微
His words gave me hope.	他的話給了我希望
Got it?	知道了没有
She takes private piano lessons.	她上私人鋼琴課
Wear whatever you want to wear.	穿你想穿的
There's nothing that can be done.	没办法
I wish we had won the game.	但願我們贏了這場比賽就好了
I like jogging.	我喜欢跑步
Please save my place.	请保留我的位置
We sometimes see them.	我們有時會看見他們
I wish you had told me the truth.	我希望你告訴我真相了
Nobody was injured.	沒有人受傷
Would you mind closing the window?	你介意我關窗戶嗎
Those dogs are big.	那些狗都很大
We had a lot to drink.	我们喝了很多
Are you still at home?	你們還在家裡嗎
Tom remained a bachelor until his death.	汤姆终身未娶
I don't feel like watching TV.	我不高兴看电视
It makes no difference to me whether he comes or not.	他来不来对我来说没区别
His concert was great.	他的演唱會很棒
The fuel tank in the car is full.	汽車油箱是滿的
Give me five more minutes.	再给我五分钟
Tom isn't satisfied with the result.	汤姆对结果不满
I had no choice.	那时我没有选择的余地
Hang on!	坚持
Don't worry. You'll make it.	不要擔心
Please send me your picture.	請把您的照片發給我
The drug problem is international.	毒品问题是国际性的
Let's go out and eat dinner together from time to time.	讓我們偶爾出去一起吃晚餐
It grew larger and larger.	它变得越来越大
What do you have?	您有什么
Why are you guys so angry?	你們為什麼這麼生氣
I was very busy last week.	上星期我非常地忙
The man was held in police custody.	這個男人被警察拘留了
All you need to do is just sit here.	你要做的只是坐在这儿
I always enjoy listening to classical music in my free time.	有空的时候
I've run out of money.	我錢已經用完了
His death was a great loss to our firm.	他的死对我们公司是一个巨大的损失
The road is under construction.	路正在建
We'll be late for dinner.	我們的晚飯要晚點吃了
I thought I had all the answers.	我認為我有所有的答案
Do you like flying?	你喜歡坐飛機嗎
I wish I could go to Japan.	我非常希望能够去日本
The argument ended in a fight.	讨论最后变成了打架
Tom is busy now and can't talk with you.	湯姆現在忙
I haven't eaten lunch yet.	我现在还没有吃过午饭
I have asked him.	我問過他
Take as many cookies as you want.	想吃多少饼干就吃多少
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.	金窝银窝不如自己的狗窝
Tom is anxious to see you.	Tom	非常渴望见到你
I admit that this may not be the best way of doing it.	我承认这可能不是最好的方法
Tom's sick.	汤姆病了
Can you imagine walking on the moon?	你可以想象在月球上行走吗
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.	當我在你這個年紀時
She gave in to the temptation.	她屈服於誘惑了
Tom is probably not very hungry right now.	汤姆现在应该不是特别饿吧
"Are the drinks free?" "Only for ladies."	“	酒水免费吗
I'm looking for my contact lens.	我在找我的隱形眼鏡
Where is the vodka?	伏特加在哪里
What is the ultimate purpose of education?	教育的最终目的是什么
Please show your ticket.	请出示您的票子
There was no water in the river.	河裡沒有水了
I will do anything for you.	我會為你做任何事
I'm sure Tom will do his best.	我确定汤姆会尽力去做
The capital of Brazil is Brasilia.	巴西的首都是巴西利亚
Mind your manners.	规矩点
He is fond of fishing.	他酷爱钓鱼
It's OK not to eat it.	你不吃沒關係
We've got to have determination.	我們要下決心了
They never give up.	他们永不言弃
Have you finished it?	你做完了嗎
Is the bath clean?	浴室干净吗
There was a fight.	那裡有人打過架
We just have enough time to eat breakfast.	我们刚好有时间吃早饭
Is this tofu?	这是不是豆腐
Everything went black.	一切都變成了黑色
This is my history notebook.	這是我的歷史課筆記本
Don't tell Tom the truth.	别把真相告诉汤姆
A nurse took my temperature.	一個護士量了我的體溫
I am alarmed by your irresponsible attitude.	我对你不负责任的态度感到惊讶
I'll be here for a while.	我在这待一会
We had a party last night.	我們昨晚有一個聚會
I will find you a good doctor.	我會幫你找個好醫生
Does he have any brothers?	他有任何的兄弟嗎
Tom had to go himself.	汤姆不得不自己去
Mary doesn't usually wear jewelry.	玛丽通常不戴首饰
She did nothing but cry all the while.	她一直哭哭啼啼
You idiot!	蠢货
I don't feel like eating out this evening.	今晚我没心情出去吃饭
I don't wish to harm you.	我不想傷害你
I need a lawyer.	我需要一名律師
You must pay in advance.	您必须预先付钱
Can you give me a discount?	能不能给我打折
He substituted for his father.	子承父业
We are a family of five.	我家有
I have already changed my clothes.	我已經換了我的衣服
I signed the lease today.	我今天签了租约
When did Tom get here?	湯姆是甚麼時候來到這裡的
Football is more popular than tennis.	足球比網球更受歡迎
I got out of the taxi.	我從出租車上下來
Put away your books and notebooks.	把你的書和筆記本收起來
The doctor examined my throat.	醫生檢查了我的喉嚨
I don't want to live alone.	我不想獨自生活
There are a few apples on the tree, aren't there?	树上有些苹果
Would you like to go?	你想去嗎
Tom put his wallet on the table.	汤姆把钱包放在了桌子上
You win.	算你狠
Time for dinner.	吃饭时间到了
Open the door, please.	請把門打開
I really enjoyed last night.	我昨晚真盡興
I'm terribly hungry.	我肚子饿极了
You'd better not stay up late.	你最好不要熬夜
The vacation is over now.	现在假期结束了
What will you do?	你要做什么
As you sow, so will you reap.	种瓜得瓜
I'm on a diet.	我在節食
She was born last year.	她去年出生
Whose pencil is this?	这支铅笔是谁的
I go to bed very early.	我很早就去睡覺
I know what to say.	我知道要说什么
In spite of the heavy rain, he visited his friend in the hospital.	尽管雨下得很大
I don't feel like studying.	我没有强烈的欲望去学习
It looks like Tom will do what we've asked him to do.	看來湯姆會按我們要求的去做
I am a professor.	我是大学教授
Not everyone can afford a car.	每個人都買不起車
He turned to his friends for help.	他尋求他的朋友的幫助
Don't worry.	別擔心
Do you have a list of hotels?	你有旅館名錄嗎
I was the only one to leave.	除了我没有人離開
We will play soccer after school.	我們放學後會去踢足球
I'd like to speak with Tom alone.	我想和汤姆单独谈一谈
It's been a long time since I've had a real vacation.	好久没有休一个真正的假期了
I often played tennis when I was young.	我年轻时经常打网球
It seems that I've lost my keys.	我好像丢了我的钥匙
I can't do any more than this.	我無法做比這更多的了
My fountain pen is new.	我的钢笔是新的
They rescued the boy from drowning.	他們救了這個落水的男孩
When I came home, I felt very hungry.	我回到家的时候
I wanted red shoes.	我要紅色的鞋子
There's somebody at the door.	有人在門口
You're not to leave this room.	你不應該離開這個房間
Tom said that you were angry.	汤姆说
Japanese office workers work very hard.	日本上班族工作得非常辛苦
I read about him in the newspaper.	我在報紙上讀到有關他的消息
Why did you run away?	你為什麼逃走
The plan is workable.	计划行得通
His name is not on the list.	他的名字不在名单里
He was declared bankrupt.	他被宣告破产
Let's get started.	讓我們開始吧
He still hasn't responded to my letter.	他还没回我的信
What did you do with those books?	你用那些書做什麼
I wake up at eight.	我八點起床
These must be fake.	這一定是假的
When have you ever done anything for me?	你什么时候给我做事
There used to be a prison here.	這裡以前有一座監獄
I can't find anything wrong with his theory.	我在他的理論中找不到任何問題
Animals cannot exist without air and water.	動物離不開空氣和水
A cafeteria is a self-service style restaurant.	自助餐廳是一種自助式的餐廳
What did you answer?	您怎么回答的
Today is my birthday.	今天是我的生日
I'll tell you the truth.	我會告訴你真相
Where did you live last year?	你去年住在哪儿
You haven't changed at all.	你真的一点没变
She said that she was happy.	她说了她很幸福
This English essay is far from perfect.	这篇英语作文离完美还差得远
There's something strange happening.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
He received quite a few letters this morning.	今天早上他收到好多信
I thought that I was dreaming.	我还以为我在做梦呢
What symptoms do you have?	你有什麼症狀
I don't have any enemies.	我没有敌人
Good afternoon.	下午好
Tom visits Mary every time he goes to Boston.	湯姆每次去波士頓都去看瑪麗
The rain prevented me from going.	雨大得让我不能走
Take good care of yourself.	照顾好你自己
I thought you'd be full after eating that big steak.	我觉得吃完那块大牛排你就饱了
I want to be a lawyer.	我要當律師
I must think over the matter before giving my answer.	我在回答之前必须考虑周全
When did you go to work?	你什么时候上班
Is our appointment today or tomorrow?	我們約的是今天還是明天
I bathe every day.	我每天都洗澡
My sister usually walks to school.	我妹妹通常走路去學校
I'd like to see him tomorrow afternoon.	我想明天下午見他
They supplied the soldiers with enough food and water.	他们给士兵提供了充足的食物和水
The animals died one after another.	動物一個接一個的死亡
He will not listen to me.	他不會聽我的
The two sides hold talks this week.	双方本周举行会谈
Where is the elevator?	電梯在哪裡
Do it when you have time.	你有时间再做吧
I want to go skating.	我想去滑冰
This isn't a joking matter.	这不是一件开玩笑的事
In the summer, it's very hot here.	这里夏天非常炎热
I'm such an unlucky guy.	我真是个不走运的家伙
Tom doesn't pay much attention to how he dresses.	Tom	没有花费精力去打扮自己
What are you doing that for?	你正在做的那個東西是做什麼用的
Please wait for me at the station.	請在車站等我
A bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive.	那個地點的書店無法賺足夠的錢生存下去
I couldn't answer all the questions.	我无法回答所有问题
The girl was afraid to jump down from the roof.	小女孩害怕从屋顶上跳下来
He knows how to swim.	他会游泳
My blood pressure is low.	我的血压很低
Money has changed his life.	金钱改变了他的生活
I would rather stay at home than go out.	比起出门
Continue working.	繼續工作
She's in the bath.	她在浴室
All of his family work on a farm.	他全家都在农场工作
Tom is the only boy in our class.	湯姆是我們班裡唯一的男孩
He came to Tokyo at the age of three.	他三岁就到东京了
I agree with him.	我同意他
Do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to?	您知道这座庙宇供奉的是哪个神吗
English is not spoken here.	這裡的人不說英語
He stopped for a quick cigarette.	他停下来抽根烟
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.	科学上
We're all hungry.	我們都餓了
I think he is not home.	我觉得他不在家
She is proud that her son has become a doctor.	她为自己的儿子成为医生而自豪
I'm praying.	我在祈禱
Where am I?	這是什麼地方
He took me to the park yesterday.	昨天他帶我去公園
I used to eat like a pig.	我曾经像猪一样吃
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.	一個醉了的男人在長椅上睡觉
Better late than never.	迟到总比不到好
You don't need to help me.	你不用帮我
I'm thirty now.	我现在
Tom loves hockey.	汤姆喜欢曲棍球
She was always quarreling with her parents.	她总和她父母吵架
He knows how to play baseball.	他知道怎么玩棒球
Speaking English is useful.	说英语很有用
He mistook me for an Englishman.	他誤以為我是一個英國人
Those two are arguing again.	他们俩又在吵架了
The day after tomorrow is Tom's birthday.	後天是湯姆的生日
Is your headache gone?	你的头痛治好了
That black bird isn't a blackbird.	那只黑鸟不是乌鸫
Tom is an ignorant fool.	汤姆是个无知的傻子
He likes tea.	他喜歡茶
I agree with Tom a hundred percent.	我百分之百同意
The knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king.	騎士宣誓效忠於國王
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.	翻译几页英文花了我
Have you seen this man?	您见过这个人吗
They love that.	他们喜欢那个
What do you do for a living?	您做什麼工作為生
Termites eat wood.	白蚁吃木头
It was so still that you would have heard a pin drop.	安靜到連針掉在地上的聲音你都會聽得到
They'll let us know what happens.	他们会让我们知道发生了什么
Your memory is good.	你的記憶力很好
At last, the truth was revealed to us.	真相總算在我們面前揭曉了
Long time, no see.	好久不見
Move the chair nearer to the desk.	把椅子挪一挪靠近桌子
He isn't my brother. He's my cousin.	他不是我的兄弟
Even with his glasses, he doesn't see very well.	他就算带了眼镜也看得不很清楚
They were carelessly unaware of the danger.	他们粗心大意
I'm going on vacation next week.	我下週要去度假
There are many slums in Mexico.	在墨西哥有很多貧民窟
Are you all right?	你没事吧
Fire is always dangerous.	火是非常危險的
They congratulated us on our victory.	他們祝賀我們的勝利
My mother almost never complains.	我媽媽幾乎從不抱怨
No one understands me.	没人理解我
It's going to rain, for sure.	要下雨了
Tom needs to go to the hospital.	汤姆必须去医院
He got thrown out of the house.	他被趕出了這棟房子
A friend's coming over tomorrow.	一個朋友明天要過來
All the flowers in the garden withered.	所有花園裡的花朵都枯萎了
I bought her a watch.	我買了一支手錶給她
I'm just about done.	我差不多完成了
You're the one who decided to do this job, right?	你是决定做这个工作的那个人
I was impressed with her work.	她的作品給我留下了深刻印象
We've been warned.	我们被警告过了
If you're busy, I'll help you.	如果你忙
Walk ahead of me.	在我前面走
This house isn't for sale.	这房子不出售
We encountered a lot of difficulties on the expedition.	我们在探险的时候遇到了很多困难
He set a precedent.	他開了先河
He came several times.	他来了很多次了
What are you staring at?	你在看什麼
There is little water in the pond.	這個池塘裡的水很少
There's not much traffic on this road.	这条路上的车辆不多
Thank you for your patience.	谢谢你的耐心
Is there anything you want to add to what I just said?	我刚才说的内容
She caught colds often.	她常常感冒
He loves music.	他非常喜歡音樂
I can't stand him.	我受不了他
She kept me waiting for half an hour.	她让我等了半小时
Would you mind my moving your car?	你介意我移動你的車嗎
Excuse me for being late.	对不起
We have space for two beds.	我們有兩張床的空位置
Chocolate has more iron than spinach.	巧克力的鐵質含量比菠菜還要多
You ought to be more careful.	你應該要更小心
It can be dangerous.	它有危险
Is Tom helping Mary?	汤姆在帮玛丽吗
I didn't find anything.	我甚麼也沒找到
I'm left-handed.	我是左撇子
The princess begged forgiveness from the emperor.	公主向皇帝请求饶恕
I hired someone today.	我今天雇了个人
Turn on the light, please.	麻煩開燈一下
Did she come here to relax?	她來這裡放鬆的嗎
They ate sandwiches for lunch.	他们午饭吃了三明治
Who did you hang out with last weekend?	你上週末跟誰閒逛了
A bird can fly.	鸟会飞
It's your turn.	輪到你了
Do you speak French?	你會講法語嗎
I'd be grateful to you if you could teach me to do that.	如果你能教我怎麼做
Could you keep this luggage until 3 p.m.?	你可以保管這個行李直到下午三點嗎
He spent the morning reading a book.	他花了一上午的時間看書
We furnished the refugees with blankets.	我們提供了難民們毛毯
I'm grateful to you for inviting me to the party.	謝謝你邀我參加派對
Can I call you Tom?	我可以叫你汤姆吗
Speaking English is difficult.	說英語很難
Tom was a bit puzzled by Mary's answer.	汤姆对玛丽的回答有困惑
She held her breath.	她止住了呼吸
That dress looks good on you.	那条连衣裙很适合您
You haven't asked me anything.	你什么都没问我
Can he speak English?	他说英语吗
He wears Chinese-style clothes.	他穿中式服裝
I have no intention of asking him.	我不想問他
Why isn't that good?	那為甚麼不好
It's our pleasure.	这是我们的荣幸
I have a very sore arm where you hit me.	你打在我手臂上的地方超级痛
He asked me where my uncle lived.	他問我我的叔叔住在哪裡
I'd like to get some sleep.	我想睡点觉
The knife is not sharp.	這刀不鋒利
Because of his wealth, he was able to become a member of that club.	由於他的財富
Tom is ill.	汤姆生病了
He came to Japan two years ago.	他兩年前來日本
Because of the problem of air pollution, the bicycle may some day replace the automobile.	因為空氣汙染的問題
Tom is being held captive.	汤姆被囚禁了
I don't have the slightest intention of retiring.	我没有一点退休的念头
What happened here?	这儿发生了什么事
I have diabetes.	我有糖尿病
I wish it would stop raining.	我希望雨會停
What do you want to be when you grow up?	你长大后想成为什么
She divorced her husband.	她與丈夫離婚
Production of rice has decreased.	米的产量减少了
Keep it in a cool place.	保存在陰涼的地方
Don't be fooled.	別被騙了
These are very old books.	这些是很旧的书
I just don't like it.	我就是不喜欢它
I've had enough.	我已經受夠了
Keep your elbows off the table.	不要再把你的手肘放在桌子上了
You should begin right away.	你應該立即開始
He loves her.	他愛她
He was made captain.	他被選為隊長
I'll pick you up at your home.	我会去你家接你
He is concerned about his father's illness.	他担心他父亲的身体
Look at the large building over there.	看那边那幢高楼
Kill them.	殺了他們
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.	进教室的时候请把帽子摘了
I met him yesterday for the first time.	我昨天第一次見到他
This is how I made it.	这就是我的办法
A fire broke out after the earthquake.	地震之後發生了火災
Put it out of your mind.	別去想它
Do you have something to say to me?	你有事想对我说吗
What time does your office let you go home?	你们一般几点下班
I'm afraid he will never admit his guilt.	恐怕他永远也不会承认自己的罪行
She dusts the furniture every day.	她每天擦拭家具的灰塵
I have a laptop.	我有一臺筆記本電腦
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.	相比二十年前的日本
Do you know me?	你認識我嗎
I visited him a week ago today.	我在一周前的今天拜訪了他
His pronunciation is far from perfect.	他的发音远非完美
I've been told Tom is going to be fired.	有人告訴過我湯姆要被開除
Are you the owner of this house?	你是這棟房子的主人嗎
Mary is an exceptionally beautiful girl.	瑪麗是一個非常漂亮的姑娘
Please take your shoes off.	請脫掉你的鞋子
There are many endangered species.	有許多瀕危物种
A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.	一鳥在手勝過二鳥在林
All the boys in class worked hard.	課堂上所有的男生都很用功
I don't like wine.	我不喜欢葡萄酒
Tom is testing me.	汤姆在试探我
It's a cheap restaurant.	这是家很便宜的餐馆
You may sit wherever you like.	你喜欢坐哪儿就坐哪儿
The barber gave him a haircut.	理髮師為他理了頭髮
Thank you very much.	非常感谢
Tom says he's not feeling any better.	Tom	说他感觉不舒服
He wasn't able to attend the party.	他無法參加這個派對
You did not come to school yesterday.	你昨天没来学校
It's so hard.	太难了
I think I can.	我想我可以
Tom wondered what he could do.	汤姆不知道他能做什么
It's hot out here.	这里够热
You're no singer.	你不是歌手
Why did you buy such an expensive dictionary?	为什么你买了一本那么贵的词典
Put on your shoes. Let's go out for dinner.	穿上你的鞋
Tom deserves to be blamed.	汤姆应当被责备
I walk my dog in the park every morning.	我每天早上到公园里遛狗
I have a cough and a little fever.	我咳嗽
He's new in town.	他刚来这镇上
You look as healthy as ever.	你看起來健康如昔
English is a language spoken all over the world.	英語是一種全世界通用的語言
My nose itches.	我的鼻子好癢
It is not necessary for us to attend this lecture.	我們沒有必要出席這個講座
Can you play the piano?	你會彈鋼琴嗎
I think you should open an account here.	我认为你应该在这里开个账户
We've got plenty of time.	我們有充足的時間
We really appreciate their effort.	我们真的感激他们的努力
Go get your helmet.	戴上你的安全帽
Let's take a short break.	讓我們休息一會兒
I'd like to meet your older sister.	我想見你姐姐
We rented the apartment.	我们租了公寓
Tom looked well.	汤姆看上去很精神
There's a big supermarket in my neighborhood.	在我的邻近区域有一个大超市
Why should I thank Tom?	我為甚麼該感謝湯姆
He loves to fish.	他酷爱钓鱼
Which is your book?	哪本是你的书
I remember this word.	我记得这个单词
Don't let Tom die.	別讓湯姆死了
This is none of your business.	跟你没半毛钱关系
I know the truth.	我知道真相
Possibly the factory will be closed down next week.	下周工厂可能会关
His memory amazes me.	他的记忆力使我惊讶
I must finish this work first.	我必須先完成這個工作
He's the chairman of the committee.	他是委員會主席
You sound like a politician.	你说话像个当官的
I'd like to exchange this shirt I bought yesterday.	我想去換我昨天買的這件襯衫
I'm going to run a couple of errands. Wanna tag along?	我要去购物
There isn't much traffic on this road.	这条路上的车辆不多
I'm not sure when he'll come.	我不确定他什么时候来
China is much larger than Japan.	中国比日本大得多
Tom hid his money under his mattress.	湯姆把錢藏在床墊底下
The sun is rising.	太阳升起来了
I thought I was dreaming.	我还以为我在做梦呢
I'm so tired!	我好累
I miss you so much.	我如此想念你
This is my first time to visit Australia.	这是我第一次来澳大利亚
Let's eat out tonight.	我们今晚在外面吃饭吧
Tom was the only boy in the class.	汤姆是班里唯一的男生
I think I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.	我认为我现在有足够的钱买我想要的那辆车
How dare you say that!	你怎么敢那么说
Do you have kids?	你們有小孩嗎
Why did you come here so early?	你為什麼這麼早來這裡
Tom has been spending time with Mary.	汤姆在玛丽身上花时间
The table is covered with powder.	桌上布满了粉末
I needed to speak to you about something.	我需要跟你說點事
This has nothing to do with you.	跟你没半毛钱关系
You're the man I've been looking for.	你就是我一直要找的人
The young should respect the old.	年轻人应该尊敬老人
You can probably guess what happens though.	但你很可能猜得到会发生什么
That tall boy saved the drowning child.	那个高个少年救了溺水儿童
I can't put up with it.	我无法忍受它了
Was that what Tom said?	那就是汤姆说的吗
Please feel free to call me up.	請隨時都可以打電話給我
Japan is located in Asia.	日本在亚洲
When are you going to get married?	你什麼時候要結婚
The sheet is on the bed.	床单在床上
I still don't understand what's going on.	我還是不明白出了什麼事
Does your father get home early?	你爸爸很早回家嗎
Everything will be OK.	一切都会好的
Have you called her yet?	你打電話給她了嗎
I eat meat three times a week.	我每周吃肉三次
I don't care as long as you are happy.	只要你开心就行了
Tom is playing with my dog.	汤姆在和我的狗一起玩
People can't live forever.	人无法长生不死
Don't forget the ticket.	不要忘了票
I saw something strange in the sky.	我看见天上有奇怪的东西
The house stood out because of its unusual shape.	那房子因为其少有的形状被突显出来
If I were you, I wouldn't do it.	如果我是你
At first, he could not speak English at all.	起初
I want to know how long it'll take.	我想知道这需要用多久时间
Your mother must've been beautiful when she was young.	你母親年輕的時候一定很美
I prefer being poor to being rich.	我更愿意贫穷而不是富裕
I can't bear to see animals suffer.	我无法忍受看着动物受苦
Tom is a bit pale.	湯姆有點蒼白
That person doesn't want to do anything.	那人甚麼也不想做
I studied for one hour.	我讀了一個小時的書
I don't want to take such a risk.	我不想承担这样一个风险
You ought to have come here earlier.	你應該早點來的
You're the most reliable friend I have.	你是我最可靠的朋友
I'm faster.	我更快
His house was small and old.	他的房子又小又旧
Who discovered radium?	誰發現了鐳
People should get more involved.	人们需要更多的交流
Are you thirsty?	你渴吗
She isn't a good cook.	她不是一個好廚師
It was cloudy yesterday.	昨天是多雲
We played basketball yesterday.	我們昨天打籃球
Any child can do that.	任何小孩都能做到
Guess what he told me.	猜猜看他告訴了我什麼
I'm sorry to cause you all this trouble.	我很抱歉给你惹来所有的这些麻烦
Red is out of fashion.	红色不流行了
There is a bag on the desk.	书桌上有一个包
You're driving too fast.	你開得太快了
I had a slight headache last night.	我昨晚有輕微的頭痛
Tom isn't interested in Mary at all.	汤姆对玛丽一点也不感兴趣
Tom finally did something right.	汤姆最终做了点正确的事
Man is the only animal that can speak.	人是唯一会说话的动物
He could not forsake his friend in trouble.	他不会抛下落难的朋友不管
Tom knew that Mary wanted him to go to Boston with her.	湯姆知道瑪麗想讓他跟自己去波士頓
Mary came in.	瑪麗進來了
Two men are trying to figure out what's wrong with the car.	两个男人在检查汽车出了什么故障
Look in the mirror.	照镜子
Where do you have pain?	你哪裡痛
The bottle smashed to pieces.	瓶子摔成了碎片
He decided not to go to the party.	他決定不要去派對了
Did you remember that you were supposed to buy candles?	你记得自己该买蜡烛吗
They referred to Chaucer as the father of English poetry.	他們視喬叟為英詩之父
May I say something?	我可以說些什麼嗎
I think your basic theory is wrong.	我認為你的基本理論是錯的
I want to die.	我想死
He grew a beard to look more mature.	他留了胡子
She did not turn up.	她沒有出現
Do you have a bike?	你有自行車嗎
I'm not responsible for what Tom did.	我不必對湯姆所做的事負責任
Hello!	你好
Many books have been stolen.	很多书被盗了
Now where did I put the key?	现在
Who's that?	这是谁啊
I'm starting to miss my girlfriend.	我开始想我女朋友了
I'll send my mother a letter.	我会给我的母亲寄封信
How do I gain weight?	我怎么才能发胖
This is none of your business.	这不是你的事
I'm old enough to support myself.	我年紀夠大可以養活我自己
I don't know right now.	我现在不知道
I think Tom might not want to do that.	我认为汤姆可能不想那样做
It's really dark here. I can't see anything.	這裡真的很暗
I hope you'll soon get well.	我希望您快就会好起来
Our friendship will last a long time.	我們的友情會長久留存
It seems to me that she is a little selfish.	我觉得她有点自私
No intelligent person drinks and then drives.	沒有聰明人喝了酒再開車
Tom had a strange dream.	汤姆做了个奇怪的梦
Pizza is my favorite food.	比薩是我最喜歡的食物
Don't put anything on top of the box.	盒子上面不要放任何東西
They looked as if they would cry.	他們看起來好像要哭了
Please be ready in fifteen minutes.	请在
What do you do?	你的職業是什麼
That's what I like.	我就喜欢它
Bring me a sheet of paper, please.	请带一张纸给我
It isn't necessary for us to attend this lecture.	我們沒有必要出席這個講座
He intruded on her privacy.	他侵犯了她的隐私
I want something hot to drink.	我想喝點熱的飲料
You must not eat too much.	你不该吃太多
Tom is quite likely to be late.	湯姆很可能遲到
This is a bird sanctuary.	这是鸟类庇护所
Smoking isn't allowed here.	这里不允许抽烟
I can't put up with this noise.	我不能忍受這個噪音
I heard a knock at the door.	我聽到了敲門聲
The light is green.	現在是綠燈
She is good at speaking English.	她擅長說英文
If you can't have children, you could always adopt.	如果你不能有孩子
Hi, everybody.	大家好
The party was a success.	晚会很成功
Let's go to the movies.	我们去看电影吧
I took off my hat and entered the church.	我摘下帽子进了教堂
You can reach the park by either road.	哪条路都可以去公园哦
Tom felt very guilty.	汤姆感到非常愧疚
I can't bring myself to do such a thing.	我不能让自己做这样的事
No, thank you. I'm full.	不
The baby cried all night.	這孩子哭了一整夜
Tom doesn't like to discuss his work.	汤姆不喜欢谈论他的工作
You're a celebrity now.	你现在是名人了
The dress suits you very well.	这条裙子很适合你
I looked him in the eyes.	我直视他的眼睛
That black bird is not a blackbird.	那只黑鸟不是乌鸫
It's a risk that Tom and I aren't willing to take.	我和汤姆都不愿意冒这个险
The stars are shining very brightly in the sky tonight.	今晚的夜空星光非常明亮
His horse jumped over the fence.	他的馬跳過了柵欄
Did you go to the book fair?	你去書展了嗎
I admire you for your courage.	我佩服你的勇氣
I don't have much money on me.	我身上沒有很多錢
I'm sober.	我很清醒
His methods are not scientific.	他的方法不科学
The moon is shining.	月光在照耀著
It's easy to catch a cold.	很容易感冒
I took a taxi from the station to the hotel.	我從車站搭了一班到旅館的計程車
They're in danger.	他們有危險
I don't like being treated like this.	我不喜欢以这种方式被对待
I caught the last bus.	我趕上了最後一班公車
I can't survive without air conditioning in the summer.	我夏天没有空调会死
Don't let appearances deceive you.	不要被外貌蒙蔽了
It's worth a try.	它值得一試
This book has a lot of pictures.	這本書有很多圖片
They defended their country against the invaders.	他们抵御入侵者
I consider myself fairly fluent in French.	我认为自己的法语相当流利
The situation went from bad to worse.	情況越來越糟糕
The people here are used to the cold.	这里的人习惯了寒冷
Suddenly, everything fell silent.	突然间
Where's the nearest shopping mall?	最近的大卖场在哪里
I know that you are learning French at school.	我知道你在學校學法語
Do you like oranges?	你喜歡橙子嗎
Here is a letter for you.	这是你的信
Do you know where Tom put his keys?	你知道汤姆把他的钥匙放哪了吗
We'll continue.	我们要继续下去
It's fairly warm today.	今天相當暖和
He looks like a good boy.	他看起來是個好男孩
How about a sandwich?	三明治怎麼樣
My mother is writing a letter now.	我母親現在正在寫一封信
I'm fine.	我很好
You should pay more attention to what you say.	你应该更注意你说的话
I feel very sick.	我覺得我病得很厲害
It rained on and off all day.	雨斷斷續續地下了一整天
What do you want to do?	你想做什麼
Can you translate this song for me?	你能为我翻译这首歌吗
I want to reserve a room.	我想預定一個房間
She freshened herself up before supper.	她在晚飯前把自己梳洗打扮了一下
It is wrong to tell a lie.	說謊是錯誤的
If by any chance I'm late, please don't wait for me.	万一我来晚的话
Tom wants to go to Japan.	湯姆想去日本
The plane takes off in ten minutes.	飛機十分鐘後起飛
He studies contemporary literature.	他学习现代文学
Watch out! There's a big hole there.	小心
The train is due to arrive at noon.	火車該在中午到
I can do it myself.	我可以自己做
They looked up to him as their leader.	他们把他奉为领袖
He slept well last night.	他昨晚睡得很好
I accompanied her on the piano.	我為她作鋼琴伴奏
Are you afraid of dogs?	你怕狗吗
He doesn't altogether trust me.	他並不完全信任我
I am married and have two children.	我结婚了
I can't see anything from here.	我从这里什么也看不见
Are you speaking to me?	你在跟我说话吗
Please speak as slowly as possible.	请尽量慢点说
Will he come tomorrow?	他明天会来吗
Who's the smartest kid in your class?	你班裡最聰明的小孩是誰
Tom wants to spend more time with his family.	汤姆想多把时间花在他的家庭上
I'm clearly missing something here.	我确实在这里丢了东西
He didn't agree to my proposal.	他不同意我的建議
They arrived here safely yesterday.	他們昨天平安抵達這裡
What does this word mean?	这个词是什么意思
Do you know how to drive a car?	你知道如何開車嗎
I told Tom I wouldn't do that anymore.	我告訴湯姆我不會再做了
She was pleased with the new dress.	那条新裙子让她很满意
Don't forget about me.	別忘了我
Tom is Mary's ex-boyfriend.	汤姆是玛丽的前男友
He stopped to put on his shoes.	他停下来好穿鞋
I don't understand what you mean.	我不理解你的意思
We will stay here until Sunday.	星期天前我們將會待在這裡
Is he breathing?	他在呼吸嗎
I think Tom is sleeping.	我以為湯姆在睡覺
Tom's hands are shaking.	汤姆的手在颤动
Hold on a minute, please.	请稍等一下
I get two hours' exercise every day.	我每天做兩個小時的練習
Imagine that you have a time machine.	想象一下
The first item he bought was an alarm clock.	他买的第一项东西是一个闹钟
They mistook him for his brother.	他们错把他当成他的兄弟
We must obey the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
She cooked us a wonderful meal.	她為我們煮了豐盛的一餐
I'm serious.	我是認真的
Let me try another one.	让我试试别的
Will the train leave on time?	這班火車會準時出發嗎
Tom wrote postcards to us.	Tom	寫明信片給我們
We toured all the major cities.	我们游览了所有主要城市
Nothing remained in the refrigerator.	冰箱里什么都没剩下
You're lying, aren't you?	在撒谎吧
My daughter wants a kitten.	我女儿想要一只小猫
She is very thoughtful and patient.	她非常周到和耐心
The bicycle under the tree is mine.	那輛在樹下的自行車是我的
Won't you have some coffee?	你不要點咖啡嗎
He paused to have a cigarette.	他停下来抽根烟
I've got everything that you want.	我已經得到了一切你想要的東西
Her idea is better than yours.	她的想法比你的好
Get serious.	认真点
I held my breath and waited.	我屏住了呼吸等待着
I'm very interested in jazz.	我對爵士樂很有興趣
Did Tom help his mother yesterday?	湯姆昨天幫他媽媽的忙嗎
There was widespread panic after the earthquake.	地震後人們普遍覺得恐慌
Tom told me that he'd lost his textbook.	汤姆告诉我他丢了课本
It's no use crying over spilt milk.	覆水難收
Everything seems OK.	一切看上去正常
What are you reading?	你在看什麼
She got married at seventeen.	她十七岁结婚
I don't like summer.	我不喜欢夏天
He is telling a lie.	他說謊
I'm glad to see you back.	很高興看到你回來了
This word comes from Latin.	這個詞源於拉丁語
We depend on you.	我们可全靠你了
The telephone rang a few minutes later.	几分钟后
I like to read.	我喜欢阅读
She planted roses in the garden.	她在花園裡種了玫瑰
Mary helped her mother cook.	瑪麗幫她媽媽做飯
He had a second helping of soup.	他又喝了一碗湯
A green carpet will not go with this blue curtain.	绿色的毯子和这条蓝色的帘子不配
I've heard you've been sick.	我听说你病了
I know you hired Tom.	我知道你僱了湯姆
He wants something cold to drink.	他想喝些冷飲
Please wait for me at the entrance of the building.	请在建筑的入口处等我
How's the weather there?	那里的天气怎么样
I'm going to miss you, too.	我也会想你的
Exercise is good for your health.	做运动有利于健康
I'll come back.	我会回来的
Tom hoped that Mary wouldn't die.	汤姆希望玛丽别死
That feels good.	那看来很好
There's a car coming.	有車來了
Democracy encourages freedom.	民主支持自由
I like instrumental music.	我喜歡器樂
Come and see me tomorrow.	明天来看看我
All of us like you very much.	我们都非常喜欢你
May I put it here?	我可以把它放在这儿吗
Perhaps it was worth it.	可能是值得的
We hope a solution is found.	我们希望找到解决方法
At last it's stopped raining.	终于不下雨了
He is my brother, not my father.	他是我哥哥
I gave them clothing and some food.	我給了他們衣服和一些食物
She is only a child.	她只是個孩子
We rented an apartment.	我们租了公寓
I like taking walks in the woods.	我喜歡在樹林裡散步
I'm getting farsighted as I get older.	當我年長時
They're very close friends.	他們是非常親密的朋友
You have no fever.	你没发烧
How did you draw this picture?	你怎么画这幅画
Have you already voted?	您已經投了票了嗎
My mother did nothing but weep.	我的母亲只是默默地哭泣
The meaning of this sentence is obscure.	这句句子意思模糊
He doesn't tan.	他晒不黑
I could hardly hear him.	我幾乎聽不到他的聲音
I work every day except for Sundays.	除了星期天我每一天都工作
You're just a coward.	你就是胆小鬼
A brass band is marching along the street.	一个管弦乐团沿着路前进
Tom became a hero.	汤姆成了英雄
My camera is waterproof.	我的照相机是防水的
We're not as young as Tom.	我们不再像汤姆那样年轻
We traveled to Mexico by plane.	我們搭飛機去墨西哥旅行
English has become an international language.	英语成为了一门国际语言
Tom frequently talks in his sleep.	汤姆经常说梦话
I don't have money now.	我现在没有钱
I'm sending you a birthday present by airmail.	我寄給你一個航空郵件生日禮物
Tom forgot to do his homework.	汤姆忘了做作业
The boy I thought was honest deceived me.	那个我以为诚实的男孩欺骗了我
This lake is the deepest in Japan.	这片湖是日本最深的
Open your mouth and close your eyes.	张开嘴巴闭上眼睛
You shouldn't tell him anything about her.	你不應該告訴他任何關於她的事
It was a terrible day.	這是糟糕的一天
They went their separate ways.	他们分道而行
We should've studied harder.	我们本该更加努力学习
I can neither confirm nor deny that.	我既不能确认也不能否定
Dozens are still missing.	数十人仍然失踪
I'm sorry, but I really have to go.	我很抱歉
The storm abated.	风暴减弱了
Do you go to school on Saturday?	你星期六去上學嗎
What about you?	你們呢
Subtract three from eight and you get five.	八减去三就能得到五
She is the one who feeds our dog.	她是喂我們的狗的人
The beach is an ideal place for children to play.	海滩是一个供孩子们玩乐的理想场所
You're working too hard. Take it easy for a while.	你工作太勤奋了
I'm not a witch.	我不是巫婆
I'm learning English.	我學英文
I had a good opinion of her.	我對她的評價很好
I repeated the word several times for her.	我為她重複唸這個字很多遍
An angle of 90 degrees is called a right angle.	90	度的角叫直角
He broke his left arm.	他自己撞坏了左臂
You said Mary was beautiful, but I didn't think she would be this beautiful.	你说玛丽很美丽
Even now, I occasionally think I'd like to see you. Not the you that you are today, but the you I remember from the past.	即使是现在
Everyone loves that place.	每一個人都喜歡那個地方
You are a good person.	你是一個好人
She kept me waiting for 30 minutes.	她让我等了
I'm glad I was there.	我很高興我在那裡
What are you doing?	你在做什麼
We talked about it all night.	我们谈这事谈了一整夜
Learning French isn't hard.	学法语不难
May I borrow your car?	我可以借用你的車嗎
What did she say?	她說了什麼
Tom seems to forget everything.	湯姆好像什麼都会忘
It's very hot today.	今天很热
Get dressed.	你穿點東西
What's your home address?	你家的地址是什麼
Did you tell Tom about your problems?	你告訴湯姆你的問題了嗎
I thought that Tom had a soccer game tonight.	我以为汤姆今晚有足球比赛
Even a child could do it.	连小孩儿都会做
Coal is not always black.	煤并不一定都是黑的
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do what we asked him to do.	汤姆说他做不成我们要他做的事
I have a dim memory of my grandmother.	我对祖母的记忆很模糊
I can't swim at all.	我一点也不会游泳
I didn't see anyone.	我什麼人都沒看見
Please give me a break.	饶了我吧
His speech impressed us very much.	他的话深深触动了我们
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?	你可以告訴我如何到火車站嗎
I'm a good-for-nothing bum.	我是个二流子
A fox is a wild animal.	狐狸是野生动物
Don't forget who you are.	別忘了你是誰
Did you notice Tom's hair?	你注意到湯姆的頭髪了嗎
I decided not to study French.	我決定不學法語
You're not getting it.	你不懂
I was terribly confused by his question.	我對他的問題感到非常困惑
He gave us the signal to begin.	他給了我們信號讓我們開始
I like to run.	我喜欢跑步
Is it true that Tom can't read or write?	汤姆真的不会读也不会写吗
She has already left the office.	她已經離開了辦公室
Is the snake alive or dead?	這條蛇是活的還是死的
Tom is no fool.	汤姆不是白痴
How much will it be?	这个几块
There's no chance of rain today.	今天不可能下雨
When I heard the news, I wanted to cry.	当我听到这个消息时
I don't eat as much as I used to.	我比以前吃得少了
They were afraid.	他们害怕了
What a wonderful night!	多美妙的夜晚啊
The leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red.	花园里树上的叶子已经完全变红了
Throughout the five years of painful cancer treatments, he managed to keep a stiff upper lip.	这五年痛苦的癌症治疗他终于坚持下来了
I will never see him again.	我永遠不會再看到他
I can't wait forever.	我不能永远地等
We sent out the invitations yesterday.	我们昨天发出了邀请
It's a beautiful painting.	是一幅漂亮的畫
I think I have a question.	我覺的有一個問題
There is enough light to read by.	有足夠的光線讀書
I can sing well.	我唱歌很好听
Perhaps she will come tomorrow.	也許她明天會來
His observations are sharp, but he doesn't say much.	他的觀察是敏銳的
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.	我明天把它带给你
I'm at work now, so I'll call you later.	我现在在上班
How about another beer?	再来一杯啤酒怎么样
He's an excellent tennis player.	他是个很棒的网球选手
You should read a lot of books while you're young.	应该趁年轻多读点书
I will telephone you later on.	我晚点打给你
Speaking English is a lot of fun.	說英語很有趣
I agreed with her.	我同意她
You must hurry up.	您要赶快些
What did you do?	你做了什么
I'm afraid to die.	我怕死
Do you know who this belongs to?	你知道这是谁的吗
Queen Elizabeth I passed away in 1603.	女王伊麗莎白一世於
The students could not give an answer.	学生们无法给出一个答案
Did you phone Tom?	给汤姆打过电话了吗
They knocked down a part of the wall.	他們拆掉了一部分牆
Tom hates spiders.	汤姆恨蜘蛛
Would you please have a look at these papers?	請你看看這些文件
My shoes are bigger than yours.	我的鞋比你的大
Don't tell lies.	别说谎
Let me tell you the reasons that I don't agree with you.	让我来告诉你我不赞成你的理由
Something is wrong with the washing machine.	洗衣机有些不对劲
Where are you going to be?	你會在哪裡
Tom has been gaining weight.	汤姆胖了
These apples look very fresh.	这些苹果看起来很新鲜
What do you eat for breakfast?	你早餐吃什麼
Do you miss me?	你想我吗
I love spending time with Tom.	我喜欢花时间和
Do they like oranges?	他们喜欢橙子吗
The car he's driving is not his.	這輛他正在開的車不是他的
I know it's hard to believe.	我知道
Selling cars is my job.	賣車是我的工作
Since he has ambitions, he works hard.	因為他有野心
She is a famous singer.	她是一个著名的歌手
I can't stand this noise.	我不能忍受這個噪音
Wait a moment, please.	请稍等一下
I'm buying.	我买了
Sorry to be late.	對不起我來晚了
The song reminds me of my home.	这首歌让我想家了
Go wash up.	去洗洗吧
I took it for granted that he would keep his word.	我理所當然地認為他會履行諾言
My father made me what I am.	我父親讓我知道了我自己是誰
Do you share a room?	你们共住一个房间吗
My husband earns $100,000 a year.	我丈夫一年收入
I love Korean food.	我爱韩国料理
Did you enjoy the party yesterday?	昨天的派對你玩得開心嗎
My grandmother mailed the letter this morning.	今天早上我祖母寄出了这封信
I feel like eating something sweet.	我想吃點甜的東西
A sponge absorbs water.	海绵吸水
They appointed him as a director.	他们任命他为经理
You took the wrong key.	你拿错钥匙了
Africa was once called the Dark Continent.	非洲曾經被稱為黑暗大陸
Translating this sentence will be very easy.	翻译这个句子会很容易
Shut the door.	不要把门开着
There was a big earthquake last night.	昨晚有一場大地震
He is not what he used to be.	他不再是以前的那个他了
I explained the process to him.	我向他解釋了這個過程
We're still vulnerable.	我们还是脆弱不堪
Stay there.	留在这里别动
Don't play in the road.	別在馬路上玩
I felt that my honor was at stake.	我覺得我的名譽受到了威脅
I am near the station.	我在車站附近
Did you go anywhere for the summer?	你夏天去了任何地方嗎
It is said that treasure is buried in this area.	据说这个区域埋着财宝
I studied French when I was in high school.	我上高中的时候学过法语
There wasn't anybody in the house.	沒有人在家
Tom would like to see you.	汤姆想见你
Thanks anyway.	还是要说谢谢的
Can you guess what I have?	你能猜到我有什么吗
Has Tom broken something again?	汤姆又弄坏了什么东西吗
Tom is my older brother.	Tom	是我哥哥
He asked me two questions.	他問了我兩個問題
He began to look for work.	他开始找工作了
Look at me when I talk to you!	我跟你说话的时候看着我
He gave me 10,000 yen.	他给了我
I have a stomachache.	我胃痛
Can you describe to me the difference between black tea and green tea?	你能告诉我红茶和绿茶的区别吗
All of the dogs were alive.	所有狗都活着
Is there a telephone anywhere?	哪里有电话机
He used to get up early.	他以前很早起床
The sky is clear almost every day.	天空幾乎每天是晴朗的
They came up with a plan after a long discussion.	他们终于在漫长的讨论之后得出了一个计划
She likes to go to the library.	她喜欢去图书馆
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't cry.	湯姆知道瑪麗不會哭
I'm up.	我已经起来了
Have you heard from her recently?	你最近有她的音訊嗎
My parents have just arrived at the station.	我的父母剛剛到達車站
Keep the change!	不用找零钱了
He skis in Hokkaido every winter.	他每年冬天在北海道滑雪
Next time I'll come earlier.	下一次我會早一點到
He was scared you would shoot him.	他害怕你會開槍打他
Tom told me that he hated Christmas.	汤姆告诉我他讨厌圣诞节
Is this your pen?	這是你的筆嗎
She whispered something into his ear.	她在他耳邊低聲說話
You could run.	你能跑
Will you marry me?	你愿意嫁给我吗
Please help yourself to some fruit.	請隨意吃水果
I don't trust him any more.	我不再相信他了
I've always wanted to be a professional basketball player.	我一直想成为一名职业篮球运动员
You've cut my hair too short.	你把我的头发剪得太短了
His greatest fault is talking too much.	他最大的缺点就是话太多
Tom decided to stay with Mary.	汤姆决定陪玛丽在一起
I have to go to sleep.	我必须睡了
She was in the United States last month.	她上個月在美國
I don't have anyone who'd travel with me.	我没有一个愿意跟我一起旅行的人
I cannot speak Japanese.	我不說日語
Islam first reached China about the middle of the 7th century.	伊斯蘭教大約在七世纪中傳到中國
Stop biting your nails.	不要再咬指甲了
I already talked to this student.	我已经和这个学生谈过话了
She thought that I was a doctor.	她以为我是大夫
I work every day except for Sundays.	我除了星期天外每天都上班
What about you?	您呢
I've been busy today.	今天我一直很忙
My aunt made me a new skirt.	我阿姨做了一條新裙子給我
The boy has an apple in his pocket.	这男孩的口袋里有个苹果
I don't believe it at all.	我根本不信
Tom told Mary he had a lot of money.	湯姆告訴瑪麗他有很多錢
Hold your horses, young man.	別那麼猴急
She has gone shopping.	她去购物了
He took out some coins.	他拿出了几枚硬币
I'm a little tired.	我有點累
Please answer my question.	請回答我的問題
Tom knows it's over.	湯姆知道它結束了
Tom won't be happy.	汤姆不会高兴
Could you possibly suggest a way to solve the problem?	你能提出解决问题的方法吗
It isn't something that I'm very good at.	这不是我所擅长的事
She felt like taking a walk.	她想去散步
My aunt made me a new skirt.	我嬸嬸做了一條新裙子給我
You look sleepy.	你看起来很困了
He is a diplomat at the American Embassy.	他是美国大使馆的外交官
Take the road on the right.	走右邊的道路
I'm not busy now.	我現在不忙
He got accustomed to the new way of living.	他适应了新的生活方式
Bring your children along.	把你的孩子带来
He drove the car, listening to music on the radio.	他一面開車一面聽收音機的音樂
Would you like anything to drink?	你想喝點什麼嗎
I know how old you are.	我知道你多大了
Well begun is half done.	好的開始是成功的一半
I want to become a singer.	我想當歌手
I always have a look at the newspaper before breakfast.	我经常在早饭前看一眼报纸
Don't throw trash here.	别在这儿扔垃圾
We go to school to study.	我們去學校學習
I wish I were younger.	但願我年輕一點
I cannot distinguish a frog from a toad.	我无法区分青蛙和蟾蜍
Do you like pirate movies?	你喜欢盗版电影吗
It was impossible to find an answer.	不可能找得到答案
How much does it cost?	这个几块
He is not a doctor but a teacher.	他不是医生
He has been in Hokkaido before.	他以前曾在北海道
I don't work like that.	我不像那樣工作
Let me check your ticket.	讓我看一下你的票
I have a high temperature.	我發燒了
Try again.	再试一下
Tom tried to catch up with Mary, but he couldn't.	汤姆试图去追上玛丽
Did you write?	你写吗
Send for a doctor at once.	立即送醫
He likes listening to the radio.	他喜歡聽收音機
Do you have your student ID card?	你有學生證嗎
He's often mistaken for a student.	他常常被誤認為是個學生
How old is your oldest son?	你的長子幾歲
Don't keep me waiting.	別讓我等著
We had a heavy rainfall last night.	昨晚雨勢很大
Tom wants to be the boss.	湯姆想當老闆
I went for a walk in the park.	我去公园散了步
I can't help feeling sorry for him.	我不禁為他感到難過
She cursed loudly.	她大声诅咒
He's very fond of science fiction.	他非常喜欢科幻小说
Are you a doctor?	你是医生吗
She spent all afternoon cooking.	她花了整個下午作飯
When was she born?	她是什么时候出生的
The train has already left.	列车已经出发
He was out of breath.	他气喘吁吁的
Hope is not a strategy.	希望不是一种策略
I have a pair of red shoes.	我有一双红鞋子
People love to talk.	人們就是愛說話
Poor health prohibited him from traveling.	因为健康状况不佳
He didn't study at all.	他根本就没有学习
She made cookies for the children.	她為孩子們做了餅乾
There's no salt.	没有盐
They didn't know what to do first.	他們不知道先做什麼
I was quite satisfied.	我真是满意
The teacher demonstrated the idea with an experiment.	这位老师用试验论证了这个想法
Don't judge and you won't be judged.	不要做评判
We've been watching you.	我们在看着你
Don't leave the lights on when you leave the room.	离开房间时
Yesterday was the last day of school.	昨天是最后一天上学
Let's take advantage of the long weekend.	来好好利用大周末吧
Tom says you can fix anything.	汤姆说
It is essentially a question of time.	它本質上是一個時間的問題
In case of emergency, call the police.	在緊急情況下
I'm married.	我结婚了
How much is it?	多少錢
The bedrooms are upstairs.	臥室在樓上
We've already won this battle.	我們已經贏得了這場戰鬥
Would you please look after the children?	你可以照顧一下孩子們嗎
Do you know how to recover a deleted file?	你知道怎么恢复已删除的文件吗
Tom never felt comfortable expressing his own opinion.	汤姆在表达自己的意见的时候总是很慌张
They usually sleep in this room.	他們通常在這個房間裡睡覺
Mary has a bad back. It's hard for her to lift things.	瑪麗的背不好
I caught a cold last month.	上個月我感冒了
That’s what we heard.	这都是咱们听说的
I need that as soon as possible.	我尽可能快地需要那个
Somebody had drowned her in the bathtub.	有人把她淹死在浴缸裡
These shoes are too small.	这双鞋子太小了
Father is going to undergo an operation.	父亲将会接受手术
May I use your pencil?	我可以用你的鉛筆嗎
She invited us to her birthday party.	她邀请我们去她的生日派对
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?	你们今天下午想不想去动物园
Money takes a long time to earn, but you can spend it in no time.	錢要花很長的時間來賺
What I hate most of all is having to recite texts from memory.	我最讨厌背诵课文了
He will be at home tomorrow.	他明天会在家
Can you drive a car?	您会开车吗
What's the weather like?	天氣怎麼樣
Detroit is famous for its car industry.	底特律因它的汽车工业而出名
It was an interesting debate.	这是场有趣的辩论
He has spent ten years in jail for murder.	他因為謀殺案在牢裡待了十年
How could things get worse?	事情是怎麼變糟的
Tom is unbearable.	汤姆令人难以忍受
I can't hear you.	我聽不到你的聲音
The two young girls smiled happily.	兩個年輕的女孩高興地微笑了
Tom turned up the TV.	汤姆把电视调大声
I hate my computer.	我恨我的电脑
How could so many people go along with this?	怎么会有这么多的人同意呢
Jeans are now in fashion among girls.	现在女生穿牛仔裤很流行
What's that bird?	那只鸟是什么
World War II ended in 1945.	第二次世界大戰結束於
I don't think that he will come.	我不認為他會來
Tom is in the hospital waiting room.	汤姆在医院的等候室
The plane was three hours late due to bad weather.	由于天气不好
We have some encouraging news.	我们有一些令人鼓舞的消息
The TV remote control is under the couch.	电视遥控器在沙发下面
The dog was hit by a car.	狗被車撞了
I thought that Tom would sleep until noon.	我认为汤姆会睡到中午
I can't believe my eyes.	我无法相信自己的眼睛
They sometimes help us.	他們有時幫我們
She was coming down the stairs.	她下樓
Don't you like baseball?	你不喜欢棒球吗
They all searched for the lost child.	他們都在尋找這個走失的孩子
Is there someone who could help me?	有誰可以幫我嗎
Tom waited for Mary in front of the warehouse.	湯姆在倉庫前等瑪麗
They'll be grateful.	他們會感激
Has anything changed?	有任何事情改變了嗎
The police will put you in prison.	警方將把你關在監獄裡
Tomorrow is my birthday.	明天是我生日
He kissed his daughter on the forehead.	他親了親他女兒的額頭
She was so curious that she opened the box.	她太过好奇
My father quit drinking.	父亲戒酒了
I'll open the window a bit.	我把窗户打开一点
Many kinds of birds live in Japan.	許多種鳥類住在日本
Only you answered the question.	只有你回答了这个问题
He abused our trust.	他背叛了我們的信賴
Don't sign the contract in pencil.	别用铅笔签合同
Tom will be there for a few days.	汤姆会在几天后后到达那里
It's time to take a bath.	是时候洗个澡了
Your house was easy to find.	你家很容易发现
He's getting along well with all of his classmates.	他和他所有的同学相处融洽
She raised her voice.	她提高了她的嗓音
He is no fool.	他不是傻子
Do you keep in contact with your high school classmates?	你还和你的高中同学保持联系吗
There is little chance of his winning.	他贏的機會極小
Does Tom drink coffee?	汤姆喝咖啡吗
I don't want any excuses.	我不想听解释
She asked him to mail that letter.	她請他寄那封信
You may be right.	你可能是对的
Please hold the line a moment.	請在綫稍候
You may use this car.	你可以使用這輛車
It's not at all easy.	这一点都不容易
You have to get this work finished by noon.	你必須在中午以前完成這個工作
We got an interesting piece of information.	我們得到了一份有趣的情報
How are you doing today?	你今天怎么样
Is there anyone who can pronounce this word?	有人可以唸這個字嗎
History is not his major subject.	历史不是他的主修课
He's writing a long letter.	他写长信
Please wait a little while longer.	請稍等一會兒
Here's the bill.	这是账单
I've got it right here.	我就是在这得到它的
Speaking English isn't easy.	說英語不容易
I want to do more.	我想做更多
It's our duty to help.	幫助是我們的義務
Why do you love me?	你为什么喜欢我
I'd like to open a savings account.	我想开个储蓄帐户
Does Tom know you work here?	汤姆知道你在这里工作吗
These are pens.	這些是筆
Don't be terrified.	別被嚇壞了
I'm sorry I wasn't able to see you when you came by today.	我很抱歉今天您来的时候没能见您
I just wanted somebody to help me.	我只是想有个人来帮助我
I usually get up at six.	我一般六点起床
My parents are divorced.	我父母离婚了
I always get along well with him.	我跟他總是相處得很好
She had a healthy baby.	她生下了一個健康的嬰兒
Does anybody want coffee?	有人要咖啡吗
I think it's time for you to grow up.	我觉得你是时候该懂事了
What's the round-trip fare?	往返票多少钱
They say it will be very hot.	他们说天气会很热
I bought a bottle of salad oil.	我買了一瓶沙拉油
He runs in the park every day.	他每天都在公园中跑步
You're our only hope.	你是我们唯一的希望
The rumors are unfounded.	謠言是毫無根據的
What do you think of these poems?	你觉得这些诗怎么样
It's fine today.	今天天气很好
The train was late this morning.	今天早上火車來遲了
I did nothing out of the ordinary.	我沒做什麼與眾不同的事
This medicine will make you feel better.	这药会让你好受点
I'll pick you up at your home at five.	我五点到你家来接你
I think I'll take a bath tonight.	我想我今晚會洗澡
What're you looking at?	你在看什么
Do you want to hear what I think?	你想聽聽我是怎麼想的嗎
It was a nice story.	这是个挺好的故事
Tom was questioned by the police.	汤姆被警察盘问
That's no business of yours.	这不关你的事
Tom isn't dumb.	汤姆不傻
Who do you think we are?	你认为我们是谁
Tom is used to getting up early.	汤姆习惯早起
I'll call you up tomorrow.	明天我給你打電話
She tried.	她试过了
He had a large family to support.	他要養活一個大家庭
She needed some money to buy something to feed her dog.	她需要一些钱来买点东西喂她的狗
She liked tennis and became a tennis coach.	她喜欢网球并成为了一个网球教练
Tom should thank me.	汤姆应该感谢我
We're special.	我们是特别的
It's only your imagination.	那只是你的想象
It's not something that I'm very good at.	这不是我所擅长的事
I'm still young.	我還年輕
We met in 2008. A year later, we got married.	我們在
The wheel doesn't turn.	輪子不轉
Tom practiced in front of the mirror.	湯姆在鏡子前練習
If it is worth doing at all, it is worth doing well.	如果值得一做
He doesn't have any friends.	他没有朋友
We've got lots of time.	我們有很多時間
Don't run risks.	不要冒险
This is so boring.	这太无聊了
He is like his father.	他像他父亲
I can do without his help.	沒有他的幫助我也能做
Wine helps with digestion.	葡萄酒幫助消化
There are many different people in Europe.	欧洲有许多不同的人
Do you know the reason why he cut class today?	你知道为什么他今天逃课了吗
This isn't love.	这不是爱
Leave this to me.	把这个留给我吧
I have an urgent message from Tom.	我收到汤姆的一条紧急消息
I need to take a shower.	我需要洗个澡
He often drives his father's car.	他經常駕駛他的父親的車
He lacks common sense.	他缺乏常识
I like to eat meat.	我喜歡吃肉
Were you working last night?	你昨晚在工作吗
I think jogging is good exercise.	我認為慢跑是很好的運動
The cat is sleeping on the chair.	猫在椅子上睡觉
I have some money.	我有一些錢
Choose one from among these.	从中选一个
Your opinion matters.	你的觀點是重要的
That bicycle is mine.	那自行车是我的
Why do you want to be a nurse?	你为什么想成为护士呢
My house is here.	我家在這裡
They furnished the library with new books.	他們在圖書館裝備了新的書籍
I will come earlier next time.	我下次會早點來
I'm getting off at the next station.	我在下一站下车
We want to go home.	我們想回家
Tom took Friday off.	汤姆星期五闲着
This is Room 839.	这是
Keep them.	留着吧
She plays the piano every day.	她每天都弹钢琴
It was not until I reached home that I missed my purse.	那是在我到家以后
I have to go meet with Tom.	我必須去見湯姆
I am an honest person.	我是个老实人
This is the deepest lake in Japan.	这片湖是日本最深的
I'm hot.	我觉得很热
Bush followed Reagan as president.	布什继里根之后当上了总统
Those are their books.	这是他们的书
I'm sure that he'll get angry.	我確定他會生氣
Take a picture with your phone.	用你的手机拍一张照片
Please remain seated for a few minutes.	请坐一会
What fruit do you like the best?	你們最喜歡什麼水果
What was it for?	那是为了什么
What's your biggest fear?	你最害怕的是什么
You've set a bad example.	您做了个坏榜样
I think we should talk about this now.	我认为我们现在就该谈谈这事
She seems rich.	她看來有錢
My house is five blocks away.	我家离这里五个街区远
I am cold.	我冷
Please look up this word in a dictionary.	请在词典里查这个词
He really likes baseball.	他非常喜欢棒球
There is a little water left.	还剩一点水
My passport's been stolen.	我护照被偷了
Tom felt cold.	湯姆覺得冷
Come and see me whenever you like.	你隨時都可以來看我
He acted as my guide.	他擔任我的嚮導
You have only to ask for it.	你只要问就好了
You could count to ten when you were two.	在你兩歲時
We're throwing a party Friday evening at our place.	我们星期五傍晚在我们的地盘开派对
What would you think if I did that?	如果我那么做你会怎么想
Don't stand in front of me.	不要站在我前面
You cannot have your cake and eat it, too.	既要马好
Sometimes you get lucky.	你有時候真走運
This is ice.	這是冰塊
Let's go by bus.	讓我們坐公共汽車去
Can we meet tomorrow morning at nine?	在明天早上九点见可以吗
I'm very tired.	我很累
How many children were injured?	有几个小孩受伤了
I can't believe that you were the smartest kid in your class.	我不敢相信你是你们班里面最聪明的孩子
Can you guess what I have?	你们能猜到我有什么吗
Yesterday I played soccer.	我昨天踢了足球
Who exactly is responsible?	究竟谁要负责
I can speak English.	我會講英語
Have you found your ticket yet?	你找到你的票了吗
I can't forget what happened that day.	我无法忘记那天发生了什么
I built a new house.	我盖了栋新房子
Do you study at a private school?	你在私立学校读书吗
You must not be late for school.	你上學不可以遲到
There are noticeable differences between the two.	两者之间有显著的差别
Mary helped her mother cook.	瑪麗幫她母親做飯
Tom isn't accustomed to walking barefooted.	汤姆不习惯赤脚漫步
Here are some pictures.	這裡有一些圖片
I'm now working in Boston.	我現在在波士頓工作
I should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it.	我本该在买下这个电动剃须刀之前试一下的
You'll never be alone.	你们永远不会一个人的
When I came home, my sister was playing the guitar.	当我回到家的时候
We didn't know how to do it, so we asked for help.	我們先前不知道要怎麼做
He wrote to his parents.	他寫信給他的父母
It is easy to read this book.	读这本书很容易
Give us two knives and four forks, please.	请给我们两把刀和四把叉
She respects her homeroom teacher a lot.	她很尊重她的導師
I'd like to come with you.	我想和你一起走
That's because you're a girl.	那是因為妳是女生
Show it to me.	给我看下它吧
I know who likes Tom.	我知道谁喜欢汤姆
Did you forget anything?	没有什么落下的吧
I haven't seen her since then.	我從那時起就沒有見過她
I have lost my umbrella somewhere in the park. I have to buy one.	我的雨傘遺失在公園裡某個地方
I put it in the drawer.	我把它放在了抽屜裡
I have to go to the toilet.	我要去上廁所
These pants fit me well.	我穿這條褲子很合身
They sell candy.	他們賣糖果
Your behavior leaves much to be desired.	你的行为离要求的太远了
He is an old friend of mine.	他是我的老朋友
I know how to drive a car.	我知道怎么驾驶汽车
Tom got up from his desk.	汤姆从办公桌旁站了起来
If you eat that much, you'll get a stomachache.	那么吃的话
The ozone in the stratosphere absorbs ultraviolet radiation.	平流層的臭氧會吸收紫外線
How do I explain that to Tom?	我怎麼跟湯姆解釋
Takoyaki is really quite delicious.	章鱼小丸子真的很美味
They tasted the bread.	他們嚐了麵包
Turn right at the first traffic light.	在第一个信号灯处右转
I'll keep doing it.	我要一直做下去
If for some reason I'm late, please don't wait for me.	万一我来晚的话
God helps those who help themselves.	上天会帮助自力更生的人
Does Tom have to be there?	湯姆必須在那裡嗎
This is not true.	这不是真的
Stay out of the rain.	別被雨淋了
He had his wallet stolen.	他的钱包被偷了
None of the money is yours.	這些錢都不是你的
No words can relieve her deep sorrow.	沒有話語能減輕她的深痛悲傷
We plan to climb that mountain.	我們計劃去爬那座山
Do you like to watch movies?	你喜歡看電影嗎
My sister is twenty-one years old and a college student.	我妹妹
I wonder whether or not it'll rain tomorrow.	我不知道明天会不会下雨
She has an eye for beauty.	她有一雙美麗的眼睛
School finishes before noon on Saturdays.	學校在星期六中午之前放學
It was a great shock to me.	這對我是很大的震撼
My watch has been stolen.	我的表被偷了
Who cares?	爱谁谁
I can't believe that.	我不能相信
These days it snows quite a lot.	这些天下了好多雪
I wish he had attended the meeting.	要是他有參加這場會議就好了
Tell me where to put these books.	告訴我這些書要放在哪裡
You should follow your teacher's advice.	您應遵循你老師的建議
Follow me.	请跟我来
Tom freed the bird.	Tom	將鳥放走
Tom sells T-shirts at a 30 percent discount.	汤姆以七折销售
She taught music for thirty years.	她教了三十年的音樂
Give it back.	还回去
This work is not necessarily easy.	这项工作未必容易
Sorry, but can you show me the way to the next village?	能不能麻烦你告诉我去邻村怎么走
He got off at the next station.	他在下一站下車了
Don't trust anyone here.	你在這別相信任何人
This is my mother.	这是我母亲
I made other plans.	我另有计划
He has three times as many books as I have.	他的书有我的三倍多
The Second World War lasted from 1939 to 1945.	第二次世界大战从
Tom filled out the application form.	湯姆填寫了申請表
Do you believe ghosts exist?	你相信鬼存在吗
Did I miss the party?	我错过派对了吗
Nobody will believe you.	没人会相信你
Do you want apples or peaches?	你要蘋果還是桃子
Tom and I are good friends.	湯姆和我是好朋友
One of the main products of this country is coffee.	这个国家的主要产品之一是咖啡
What's Mary's husband's name?	玛丽的丈夫叫什么名字
You shouldn't talk to Tom that way.	你不該那樣跟湯姆講話
I'll never leave you.	我永远不会离开您的
Can you repeat that, please?	能不能请你重复一下
Those two are exactly alike.	那兩個是一模一樣的
Fasten your seat belts.	系上安全带
Stop talking and listen to me.	別說話
I watch my weight very carefully.	我非常注意我的體重
He's good at flying kites.	他擅長放風箏
What time is it?	現在幾點
There was a car accident yesterday.	昨天發生了一場車禍
I left my briefcase on the bus.	我把我的公事包留在公車上了
He's worried that he might be late.	他担心他可能会迟到
I remember the first time.	我记得第一次
We're boys.	我們是男孩
This is a very hard mattress.	這個床墊很硬
It's not something anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
Tom has to protect himself.	汤姆得保护自己
I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.	我一点都不知道这会给你带来那么多问题
The island is a paradise for children.	这个岛是孩子们的天堂
He leaves for China tomorrow.	他明天出发去中国
Tom knows we aren't happy.	湯姆知道我們不高興
Does this bus go to the museum?	這輛公車去博物館嗎
What's my room number?	我的房间号是多少
I am very, very sorry.	我非常
I think I left my wallet at home.	我想我把錢包放家裡了
Explain to him the difficult situation you are in.	给他讲解一下你的困境
I can't stand that kind of politician.	我受不了那种政治家
Let's stop at the next gas station.	我们在下个加油站停一下
I have a job for you.	我有工作給你
How was the food?	食物怎麼樣
I know that she is cute.	我知道她很可爱
He flatly refused to let me in.	他斷然地拒絕讓我進去
I guess you heard about what happened this morning.	我想你听说今天早上发生什么了
We are not short of oil in this country.	我们国家不缺石油
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car I want.	我认为我现在有足够的钱买我想要的那辆车
My neck still hurts.	我的脖子还疼
This is secret between you and me.	这是我们之间的秘密
We have to try to communicate with them.	我们要设法跟他们交流
I met him by chance on the train this morning.	今天早上我在火车上偶遇他
She lives in New York.	她住在纽约
He went to America to study medicine.	他去美国学医了
If a man had 11 sheep and all but 9 died, how many sheep would he have left?	如果一个人有
This glass contains water.	這個杯子裡有水
I never answer email messages from people I don't know.	我从不回复陌生人发来的电子邮件
The accident happened on Sunday at about 3:00.	此事故发生在周日
Who wrote these two letters?	誰寫了這兩封信
This is not a sentence.	这不是一句话
Their contract is to run out at the end of this month.	他们的合同在这个月底到期
Tom said it was a diamond.	汤姆说它是钻石
I want to study abroad next year.	我明年想出国留学
He cut the envelope open.	他裁開了那個信封
Let them have their fun.	讓他們鬧去
What did Tom say?	汤姆说了什么
Stay put till I get to you.	待在原地
He has no children.	他沒有孩子
This makes me very angry.	這讓我很生氣
By the way, what is your address?	对了
God knows we did everything we could.	上帝知道我们做了我们所能做的事
We'll be ready in time.	我们会及时准备好
I'm thirty years old now.	我现在
I'm sad.	我很难过
He got up at five as usual.	他像往常一樣五點鐘起床
I don't have a bike.	我沒有腳踏車
They tied the thief to the tree.	他们把小偷绑到了树上
Sometimes I have to read boring novels.	有时候
The flowers in the garden need to be watered.	花园里的花需要浇水
She was very embarrassed when her child behaved badly in public.	當她的孩子在公共場合行為表現不好的時候
Good night.	晚安
Tom's passport has expired.	湯姆的護照過期了
It's on the sofa.	它在沙發上
I don't want to lose you again.	我不想再失去你
Tom came home drunk from the party.	汤姆从派对上醉醺醺地回家了
He read a book all morning.	他整個上午都在看書
He won everything.	他赢得一切了
Do you want to eat garbanzo beans?	你想吃鹰嘴豆吗
Have you ever written a blog?	你写过博客吗
She must be angry with me.	她一定在生我的氣
Waiter, please bring me some water.	服務生
It is an advantage to be able to use a computer.	會用電腦是一個好處
Does anyone here know where Tom lives?	這裡有人知道湯姆住在哪裡嗎
I'll have to find a part-time job.	我得找一份兼職工作
My father made a shelf for me.	我父親為我做了個架子
Tom doesn't have much energy today.	Tom	今天沒什麼活力
It won't stop raining.	雨下个不停
The bargain sale will run for three days, beginning today.	这场减价活动会持续三天
Is there anything you want that you don't have?	有什么你想要但是没有的东西吗
Every now and then he drops in at this bookstore on his way home from the office.	有時從辦公室回家的路上他會到這家書店看一看
He passed away yesterday.	他昨天去世了
She greeted us with a smile.	她面帶微笑向我們打招呼
He bent over backward to please his wife.	他竭尽全力地讨好他老婆
The police arrested the suspect.	警方逮捕了嫌疑人
I've already finished reading this book.	我已經讀完了這本書
Could you sign here, please?	請你在這裡簽名好嗎
My job is to wash the dishes.	洗碗是我的工作
Work harder if you plan to succeed.	如果你計劃要成功
It's so different now.	现在真是不一样了
There was some chewing gum stuck to the sole of Tom's shoe.	汤姆的鞋底粘了口香糖
We'll go when it quits raining.	雨停了我們就會去
Could you tell me where I can get a bus?	你能告诉我能在哪里上公交车吗
What're you planning to do?	你打算做什么
I don't love her, not even if she loves me.	即使她愛我
Don't worry about it.	別擔心
The tie doesn't go with my suit.	领带和我的西装不配
In my opinion, he is correct.	在我看来
I haven't seen her since last month.	我從上個月開始就沒有看到她了
Close the door when you leave.	出去的时候把门关上
Thousands of people wanted to know the answer.	成千上万的人想要知道答案
I saw them walking arm in arm.	我看见他们胳膊挽着胳膊地走路
I'll drive you home.	我開車送你回家
He went by bicycle.	他骑自行车去的
I lost my papers.	我的证件丢了
I thought Tom would sleep until noon.	我认为汤姆会睡到中午
He lost face.	他丢脸了
This might not be a genuine diamond.	這可能不是真的鑽石
I ate apples.	我吃苹果了
It was just a joke.	我这么说只是开个玩笑
I got the information from him directly.	我直接從他那裡得到訊息
This is smaller than that.	这个比那个更小
This job doesn't pay.	这份工作不付钱的
What is the price of this cap?	这顶帽子多少钱
Tom took this photo.	汤姆拍了这张照
Would you mind coming with me?	你介意跟我一起来吗
You can watch TV after supper.	晚餐之後你才可以看電視
He accelerated.	他提速了
I like your advice.	我喜欢你的建议
Do you know a good restaurant?	你知道哪家飯店好嗎
She's absent because she's sick.	她不在是因为病了
They killed time playing cards.	他們玩牌來殺時間
I wish I didn't have to work.	我希望我不必工作
She doesn't have any enemies.	她没有敌人
Tom took out his key and opened the door.	汤姆掏出钥匙开了门
Venus doesn’t have any moons.	金星沒有衛星
Do your best in anything you do.	你做任何事都要尽全力
I think that they're a lot of fun.	我觉得他们很有意思
I told you not to talk about the matter in her presence.	我跟你说过她在的时候不要说这件事
I'd like something to eat.	我想吃点东西
Are you sure Tom can do that?	你確定湯姆能做嗎
Who's behind it?	幕后操纵者是谁
My father allowed me to go swimming.	爸爸准许我去游泳
I don't know her.	我不認識她
The criminal didn't let the hostages go.	罪犯没有放人质们走
The birds were flying in a group.	鸟儿成群飞着
Tom isn't likely to do that again.	湯姆不太可能再那麼做了
His advice is always very sensible.	他的忠告总是很明智
It'll take a long time.	我要花很长时间
The road is very treacherous.	这条路挺险恶
Come as soon as possible.	尽快来
He bumped his head against a post.	他的頭撞到了一根柱子
It can be used as a knife.	它可以被當成一把刀來用
Here is the bill.	这是账单
Put the gun on the table.	把槍放在桌子上
Stay with us.	和我们留在一起吧
No matter where I go, I get lost.	不论去哪
I get a kick out of life.	我為人生感到很開心
Give me your location.	给我你的位置
We enjoyed watching TV.	我們喜歡看電視
Is there anybody in the room?	屋里有人吗
He likes watching TV.	他喜歡看電視
He often goes abroad on business.	他經常出國洽商
I work every day except Sunday.	除了星期天我每一天都工作
The most logical place to keep your shoes is near the door.	最合逻輯的放鞋處是門口附近
In this case, the adjective goes before the noun.	在这种情况下
Is that pure gold?	那是純金嗎
Their losses reached one million yen.	他們的損失到達了一百萬日圓
I'm getting choked up.	我快要激动得说不出话来了
Today is my treat.	今天是我请客
I'd like to see your sister.	我想見你姐姐
We were caught in a storm.	我们被暴风雨袭击了
Let's take a trip to New York.	去纽约吧
I used to eat pizza, but now I don't.	我以前吃披萨
It seems so familiar.	这看起来似曾相识
He's always at home on Sundays.	他星期日總是在家裡
I give you my word.	我向你保证
He is old enough to understand it.	他年紀夠大可以瞭解它
Good job!	干的好
By the way, my English is absolutely hopeless.	順道一提
This makes me so angry.	這讓我非常憤怒
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.	每一個人對事情的看法不同是依據他們是富有還是貧窮
Whose house is across from yours?	你家對面的房子是誰的
Can you teach me how to steal?	你能教我偷东西吗
My brother is a first-year student.	我弟弟是個一年級的學生
Finish your work.	完成你的工作
Will you help me give out the programs to those people?	你能帮我给这些人分发节目单吗
I could tell Tom the truth, I suppose.	我覺得我能告訴湯姆真相
You can come in.	你可以進來
Tom doesn't have a lot of freedom.	汤姆没有很多自由
I'm already full, thank you.	我已经很饱了
I ache all over.	我全身酸痛
She turned eighty-one.	她八十一歲了
The dictionary is of great use to me.	这本字典对我很实用
You won't be able to see anything without a flashlight.	沒有手電筒的話
I've just been to my uncle's house.	我剛剛去了我叔叔家
Things are getting out of control.	事情要失控了
Part of his story is true.	他的故事一部分是真的
Is there a discount if you pay in cash?	用現金付的話會有折扣嗎
It seems that you're not having a good time here.	好像你们在这儿玩得不愉快啊
One of your buttons has come off.	你的一個按鈕脫落了
I'm glad to see you again.	很高興再次見到你
I tried to call Tom back.	我試著給湯姆回電話
Love is blind.	恋爱使人盲目
The picture is hanging on the wall.	那幅图挂在墙上
How much is this?	这个几块
How strange!	真奇怪
Foxes are wild animals.	狐狸是野生动物
She disappeared.	她消失了
Both Tom and Mary can't speak French.	汤姆和玛丽都不说法语
I know the feeling.	我知道那種感覺
I need to find out when we need to be there.	我得知道我们什么时候要到那里
Tom bought a car.	湯姆買了輛車
God exists.	上帝存在
It's wrong to tell lies.	說謊是錯誤的
They have been married two years.	他們已經結婚兩年了
I think Tom lied to us.	我觉得汤姆对我们撒谎了
Everyone noticed.	所有人都注意到了
He knows who they are.	他知道他们是谁
There isn't anyone in the room.	房間裡沒有任何人
I think this book is worth reading.	我覺得這本書值得一讀
She hopes to become a designer.	她希望成為一名設計師
I write letters.	我寫字母
My mother made me a white dress.	我媽媽為我做了一件白色的洋裝
Tom carried the chairs to the next room.	汤姆把椅子拿到了下个房间
Where did you go that night?	那天晚上你在哪裡
How many does he want?	他要多少
Please speak in a louder voice.	請說話大聲一點
You don't need to do it right away.	你没必要马上去做
Who wants hot chocolate?	谁要热巧克力
Tom told me he'd love to help.	汤姆告诉我他很乐意帮助
What you said doesn't make sense.	你說的沒有道理
He's lazy.	他很懒
Aren't there any qualified applicants?	没有合格的申请人吗
The horse broke its neck when it fell.	马倒下时脖子断了
This is Tom's umbrella.	這是湯姆的雨傘
I'll pick you up at three.	我三点钟来接你
This is true.	這是真的
I don't know if I can go to the party.	我不知道我是否可以去派对
She happened to know his address.	她恰巧知道他的地址
We're doing the best we can.	我们尽力而为
I quickly ate lunch.	我迅速地吃了午飯
What on earth are you doing here?	你到底在这里干什么
He is making great progress in English.	他的英語有很大的進步
The mother missed her daughter who was away at college.	妈妈想念她在读大学的女儿
Do you have anything for a cold?	你有任何治感冒的東西嗎
The orange left a strange taste in my mouth.	橙子在我嘴里留下了一种奇怪的味道
I don't want it anymore.	我再也不想要了
How in the world did you do it?	你到底是怎么做的
You've got a lot of guts.	你膽子很大
I get two hours' exercise every day.	我每天做兩個小時的運動
She takes care of my children.	她照顧我的孩子
It is clear what must be done.	顯然地勢必要做些什麼
This dictionary isn't the most recent version.	這本字典不是最新版的
She was wearing a blue coat.	她穿了一件蓝色大衣
Do you know how to open this box?	你知道如何打開這個箱子嗎
I would like to rent a car.	我想租一輛車
I had to do that to survive.	我不得不这么做以维生
They broke into the jewelry shop.	他們闖進了珠寶店
I'm afraid of death.	我怕死
She didn't like him.	她不喜歡他
Do you know my name?	你知道我的名字嗎
They live across the river.	他們住在河對面
I arrived at school on time.	我按时到了学校
They live in peace.	他们过着和平的生活
I will try it again.	我會再試一次
Are you certain?	你确定
Thank you for coming to meet me.	謝謝你來接我
Put out the light.	熄灯
We forgive you.	我們原諒你
I felt cold and uncomfortable the entire night.	我整個晚上覺得又冷又不舒服
Our library is on the third floor.	我們的圖書館在三樓
Hurry up, or you will miss the train.	快點
Tom currently resides in Boston.	汤姆现在住在波士顿
It's late.	很晚了
I haven't seen you for ages. Do you remember when I saw you last?	好久不见了
The famous pianist smiled.	著名的钢琴家露出了微笑
Your family's waiting for you.	你的家人在等你
There are many hotels downtown.	市中心有很多旅馆
Don't pry into the affairs of others.	不要探听别人的事
There was nobody in the garden.	花園裡沒有人
How long does it take?	要花多久時間
There's a back entrance.	有后门
How much is the late fee?	滞纳金是多少
He came to Japan seven years ago.	他七年前來日本
They greeted me with a smile.	他們面帶微笑向我打招呼
She left early in the morning.	她清晨離開了
I didn't sleep a wink last night.	我昨晚沒睡
Why should I care what you think?	為什麼我應該在乎你怎麼想
The traffic accident deprived him of his sight.	這場交通意外讓他失明了
I provided him with food.	我為他提供了食物
He is my type!	他是我的菜
Mary had to go to school.	瑪麗必須去上學
Tom heard the sound.	汤姆听到了声音
You won't be able to catch the train.	你將無法趕上火車
We grow a variety of crops.	我們種植各種的作物
Some object to Tom's opinion.	有些人反对汤姆的意见
Bring me the newspaper, please.	请把报纸拿来给我
That's encouraging.	那真令人鼓舞
We're not ready to leave.	我们还没有准备好离开
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened.	他繼續讀書
Let's get divorced.	我们离婚吧
She asked a very good question.	她問了一個非常好的問題
Move quietly.	轻轻地移动
Who else in Boston do you know?	你还認識波士頓的誰
English is a very important language in today's world.	英语是当今世界上一种非常重要的语言
She's in the restroom.	她在上廁所
Can you put some suntan lotion on my back?	你能在我的背上涂些防晒霜吗
This is what I want.	这就是我想要的
I often have bad dreams.	我经常做噩梦
Tom is always tired.	汤姆经常累
I know that he can draw.	我知道他会画画
What're you after?	你想要什么
I found this at the risk of my life.	我冒著生命危險找到了這個
This is where I want to live for the rest of my life.	這裡是我餘生想待的地方
Where were you yesterday?	您昨天在哪儿
He likes to watch baseball games on TV.	他喜歡看電視上的棒球比賽
Ask her when she will come back.	问问她什么时候回来
I want to make a pie.	我想做个派
Please write with a pen.	请用钢笔写
She glanced briefly at the newspaper.	她很快地瞟了一眼報紙
Let's finish up in a hurry.	讓我們快點做完吧
How long will this rope hold?	這條繩子能撐多久
The trees are beginning to bud.	树木开始抽芽
She decorated her room with roses.	她用玫瑰花装饰了她的房间
Her mother is writing a letter.	她的母親正在寫信
Let's be realistic.	現實點吧
What's so fun about taking pictures of trains?	拍火车的照片什么的
I guess it depends on the weather.	我想這要看天氣情況而定
I'm dead tired.	我累死了
How about tomorrow night?	明晚怎么样
He keeps making the same mistake.	他总是犯同样的错误
Tom has been to this park with Mary at least a dozen times.	汤姆跟玛丽来这公园至少十二次
Tom's happy.	湯姆高興
I met him on his way home.	在他回家的路上我遇見了他
Tom almost always uses a credit card when he goes shopping.	汤姆在去购物的时候
What is this?	這是什麼
I don't remember.	我不記得了
I lost my wallet.	我掉了我的钱包
I'm glad to make your acquaintance.	我很高興能夠認識您
In order to do that, you have to take risks.	要这么做
He gave me whatever help I needed.	他給了我任何我需要的幫助
I don't enjoy singing in public.	我不喜歡在公共場合唱歌
Are you happy?	你快樂嗎
The truck is gone.	貨車走了
I think that it's unlikely Tom will get elected.	我觉得汤姆不太可能会当选
Tom acted without thinking.	汤姆不加思索地行动
My mom and I are completely different.	我媽媽和我完全不同
I want to go to school and study hard.	我想上学并努力学习
Don't make stupid jokes.	开什么国际玩笑
My grandfather usually eats breakfast at six.	我的祖父通常在六點鐘吃早餐
The importation of rare wild animals to this country is strictly prohibited.	该国严禁进口稀有野生动物
Tom often reads when his children aren't at home.	汤姆经常在孩子们不在家时阅读
I'm sure that he'll come on time.	我確定他會準時來
I want this phone.	我想要这部电话
I tried to change the subject.	我試圖改變話題
Tom may still be alive.	汤姆可能还活着
He was injured in the leg.	他的腿受伤了
I can't get rid of my cold.	我的感冒怎麼也不好
I think the train will come soon.	我想火車很快就會來了
He looks like his father.	他看起來像他的父親
I have more money than Tom.	我比汤姆有钱
There are some boys in the park.	公園裡有一些男孩子
The barometer is falling. It is going to rain.	气压计下降了
Tom needs to be told what to do.	汤姆需要被告知怎么做
She patted her son on the shoulder.	她拍拍她兒子的肩膀
I felt an impulse to cry out loud.	我突然好想大叫
I felt like I was dead.	我感觉好像死了一样
I was puzzled about what to do next.	我对以后做什么很迷茫
Tom doesn't usually eat breakfast.	汤姆一般不吃早饭
Tom made a bet with Mary.	湯姆跟瑪麗打了個賭
My father made me a delicious lunch.	我父親為我做了一頓美味的午餐
He has no sense of right and wrong.	他是非不分
He is one of the greatest artists in Japan.	他是日本最伟大的艺术家之一
She said to herself, "I am very happy."	她对自己说
I had difficulty in solving this problem.	我在解決這個問題上有困難
The world is running out of oil.	世界上的石油快用完了
He likes to go out on horseback.	他喜欢骑马出行
Let me carry your suitcase.	让我来拿你的行李
Don't look at Tom. Look at me.	不要看湯姆
Tom knows my number.	Tom	知道我的號碼
Long time, no see.	真是好久不见啊
I always walk to school.	我總是走路到學校
Did you hear the click?	你聽到了點擊聲嗎
Did he go to see Mary?	他去看瑪麗了嗎
French is easy.	法语很简单
The huge explosion killed six people.	大爆炸致死六人
Tom is a friend of mine.	湯姆是我朋友中的其中一位
Today I'm feeling melancholic.	今天我很憂鬱
Everyone in her class likes her.	她班上的每個人都喜歡她
Tom was sobbing.	汤姆在啜泣
What're you reading?	你在看什么
I'll make you happy.	我会让你幸福的
He is a promising student.	他是一位有前途的学生
I have already finished this book.	我已經讀完了這本書
How many of you are there?	你们是几位
I'm a member of the tennis club.	我是网球俱乐部的会员
Don't be fooled by appearances.	不要被外貌蒙蔽了
Don't be shy.	不要害羞
The church is in the middle of the village.	教堂在村子的中心位置
"More coffee?" "No, thanks."	“	还要咖啡吗
I want you out of my room.	我想讓你離開我的房間
Is eating with chopsticks difficult?	用筷子吃飯難嗎
I can't shake off my cold.	我的感冒怎麼也不好
I'm the one who wants to be with you.	我才是那个想和你在一起的人
He made fun of me in public.	他在公共場合取笑了我
I don't know what I'd do without you.	我不知道如果沒了你我還能做什麼
Tom said he'll ask Mary to do that.	湯姆說他會讓瑪麗去做
We should call the doctor.	我們應該去請醫生
You ought to see a dentist.	你應該去看牙醫
Are you angry at Tom?	你在生汤姆的气吗
Something has happened to my car.	我的车出了点事
She is giving the baby a bath.	她正在給嬰兒洗澡
Hi! How are you?	嗨
The lion is the king of the beasts.	狮子是万兽之王
I've been here for a very long time.	我在這裡很長時間了
How long have you been waiting for me?	你等我多久了
This is a book about stars.	这是本关于星星的书
He walks fast.	他走路很快
What's wrong with you?	你到底怎么回事嘛
Tom doesn't care about money.	汤姆不关心钱
I don't know anything.	我什么都不知道
Don't talk rubbish.	别胡说
According to my calculation, she should be in India by now.	根據我的估計
Mary hugged her doll.	Mary	擁抱她的娃娃
What have you done with my pen?	你用我的筆做了什麼
Wait for a moment outside the room.	在房間外面等待片刻
I'll drop you off at the station.	我載你到車站
It looks like your dog is thirsty.	你的狗看起来口渴了
I like to take a walk after meals.	我喜欢饭后散步
Shall we go out for a walk?	出去散步怎麼樣
Tom isn't planning to stay.	湯姆不打算留下
Why is everyone being so nice to me all of a sudden?	为什么大家突然对我这么好
That's exactly how I feel.	那就是我的感受
He threw the ball.	他把球扔了
The police accused him of murder.	警方指控他謀殺
You can't go outside.	你不能到外面去
Tom doesn't like football.	汤姆不喜欢足球
Freedom is the center of American democracy.	美國民主的中心思想是自由
I'm surprised you're so naive.	我很惊讶你竟然那么天真
Pace yourself.	量力而行
Did you notice anything strange?	你注意到奇怪的地方了嗎
Can you tell us a bit more about that?	能再告诉我一点吗
Did you already eat at home?	你在家吃过了吗
I'm bad at sports.	我不擅長運動
This house is mine.	這房子是我的
I'll show you around town.	我會帶你逛逛這個鎮
He thought that I was very tired.	他认为我非常的累
I can't speak English at all.	我一点英文都不会说
I don't read newspapers much.	我不太看报纸
How long will you be staying?	你会待多长时间
He was brave.	他很勇敢
How long is the Rainbow Bridge?	彩虹橋有多長
Were you in Boston for a long time?	你在波士顿待了很久吗
We enjoyed ourselves at the picnic.	我們在野餐玩得很開心
How much time does it take?	要多久
Here is a photograph of my family.	這裡有一張我全家的照片
I haven't finished my homework yet.	我还没做完作业
I bought some clothes.	我買衣服了
He looks young.	他看起来很年轻
You have to finish this by 2:30.	你必须在两点半之前完成它
He is a friendly person.	他是一個友善的人
They must be waiting for you.	他們一定在等你
My father takes a walk every day.	我父親每天散步
I miss you. I need to see you. Could I come over?	我想你
The doctor will be here in a minute.	醫生馬上就來
Popcorn is my favorite snack.	爆米花是我最喜欢的零食
Tom is three years younger than Mary is.	汤姆比玛丽小三岁
How did Tom get out of jail?	汤姆是如何出狱的
Where do you study?	你在哪讀書
I think I understood everything Tom said, but I'm not absolutely sure.	我认为我听懂了汤姆说的所有话
I'll be back before lunch tomorrow.	我会在明天午饭前回来
He took part in the Olympic Games.	他参加了奥运会
Walk two blocks, and turn left.	走過兩個街區
Tom is wearing the same clothes as he was yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
She can swim further than I can.	她能遊得比我遠
It might rain.	可能要下雨了
He often goes with her to watch movies.	他常和她一起去看电影
You seem to know everything.	你看起来什么都知道
He has had a crush on her.	他一直暗恋着她
Do you know what color she likes?	你知道她喜歡什麼顏色嗎
Fruit is very good for your body.	水果对身体非常好
Your name has been crossed off the list.	你的名字已经从名单删除了
Are you going to eat all of that yourself?	你打算自己一人把它全部吃了吗
All our efforts were in vain.	我们所有的努力都白费了
Tom can walk.	汤姆能走路
Take things a little more seriously.	對事情比較正經嚴肅
We found that everyone was asleep.	我們發現每個人都睡著了
I really want to see you.	好想見到你
I paid him five dollars.	我付了他五塊美元
Tom has already fed the dog.	汤姆已经喂过狗了
I'm not a junior high school student.	我不是個初中生
They passed by her house yesterday.	他們昨天路過她家
That's absolutely right.	那是絕對正確的
Learning a foreign language is difficult.	學習外語是困難的
Hug Tom.	请抱紧汤姆
You're doing it wrong.	你這樣做是錯的
Let's wait till he comes back.	等到他回来吧
He was wet all over.	他从头到脚都湿了
I have a friend waiting for me in front of the library.	在圖書館前有朋友在等我
I don't think it's good.	我不觉得它很好
Where's the nearest church?	最近的教堂在哪里
I agree with what you say to some extent.	在某种程度上
Are you a senior high school student?	你是個高中生嗎
He didn't mean to hurt you.	他不是故意要傷害你
That cloud looks like a rabbit to me.	那朵云对我来说像一只兔子
Thank you very much for lending me $500 when I was having difficulty making ends meet.	谢谢你在我贫困潦倒之时借给我
You've been late for school more often than before.	你比以前更容易上課遲到了
I didn't mean to do that.	我没想那样做的
Are you saying that my life is in danger?	你在说我有生命危险吗
No students were absent.	沒有學生缺席
I had difficulty in solving this problem.	我很難解決這個問題
Can I come to your place?	我能去你那吗
The castle is beautiful.	这个城堡好美
I hung my hat on the peg.	我把我的帽子掛在掛鉤上
She told me she knew my brother.	她告訴我她認識我的哥哥
She ironed her shirt.	她熨了衬衫
Turn the knob and open the door.	轉動門把
Her English is excellent.	她的英语好极了
She was frequently late for school.	她經常上學遲到
Let's leave the decision to Tom.	讓我們留給他作決定
Excuse me for interrupting you.	對不起
What would you like to do in the future?	以后打算干什么
I'm so sorry I hurt your feelings.	我很抱歉伤害了你的感情
Do you think they noticed?	你认为他们注意到了吗
I'm not good at mathematics.	我的數學不好
Louder, please.	请大声一点
He spent all night cramming for the test.	他通宵备考
They hugged.	他们拥抱
Can you tell silver and tin apart?	你能分辨銀和錫嗎
I look forward to hearing from you.	我期待收到你的來信
It rained three times during the trip.	这次旅途下了三场雨
Can I have a look at that?	我能看看那个吗
Who do you think I am?	你把我当什么啦
People should do their best.	人們應該盡力而為
Every rose has its thorn.	沒有不帶刺的玫瑰
I don't have a pencil.	我沒鉛筆
Call home!	打电话回家
He arrived after I had left.	我走之后他到达了
He's coming closer.	他在靠近
I don't meet him so often.	我不常見到他
Please enjoy yourself at the dance.	請盡情地跳舞
They arrived in Osaka at the beginning of May.	他们五月初到了大阪
Where is the city hall?	市政府在哪裡
We've done everything possible.	我们已竭尽所能
Would you like something to drink?	你想喝點什麼嗎
I think you should do that before you go home today.	我認為你該在今天回家前做
This plane flies between Osaka and Hakodate.	這架飛機往返於大阪和函館之間
Everyone is talking about Tom.	每个人都在谈论汤姆
I can't believe Tom just did that.	我不敢相信汤姆那么做了
I can't focus on two things at the same time.	我不能同時注意两件事
It was a very, very hot night.	那真是很熱
I was still an amateur at that time.	我那時還是個外行
I hate winter.	我恨冬天
Don't talk to others during the class.	上課中不要跟別人講話
You need to be aggressive.	你需要更有进取心
Tom doesn't know why Mary left.	汤姆不知道为什么玛丽走了
You're probably smarter than you think.	你可能比你想的更聪明
Tom is unbelievably stupid.	汤姆傻得难以置信
"Where were you?" "I was at a friend's house."	“	你在哪里
That hat cost around fifty dollars.	那頂帽子花費了大約五十美元
Does this book belong to you?	這是你的書嗎
There will be a math test tomorrow.	明天有一個數學測驗
Who's the woman in the brown coat?	那个穿棕色大衣的女人是谁
He bought his daughter a new dress.	他買了新衣服給他的女兒
What subjects are you taking at school?	你在學校裡讀哪些科目
I can't figure out what he means.	我不懂他的意思
Do you like any of these pictures?	你喜歡這些照片裡的任何一張嗎
I like to eat apples.	我喜欢吃苹果
I'm not married.	我單身
I asked Tom a few questions.	我问了汤姆几个问题
I know you're richer than me.	我知道你比我有錢
Zip your lips.	闭上你的嘴
You are a friend of Tom's, aren't you?	你是湯姆的朋友
You should've stayed in the car.	你該留在車裡
Tom closed his eyes.	汤姆闭上了眼睛
It is ten degrees below zero now.	現在是零下十度
Tom wants to know more about Mary's past.	汤姆想要知道更多关于玛丽的过去
He broke the law.	他触犯了法律
She said that she was ill.	她说她病了
Take off your socks.	把襪子脫掉
He seldom, if ever, goes to church.	他很少
Dentists take x-rays to examine your teeth.	牙医用
They don't even know why.	他們甚至不知道為什麼
I still need to talk to you.	我还有话要对您说
Do you know how far it is from the station to city hall?	你知道从火车站到市政府有多远
Winter is over and spring has come.	冬天結束了春天已經來了
Where are your things?	你們的東西在哪裡
I listen to the radio every night.	我每晚都听收音机
The blanket is still wet.	这个毯子还是湿的
It's six o'clock already.	已經六點鐘了
It rained three times during the trip.	这次出游下了三次雨
Is there enough food for everyone?	有足夠的食物給大家嗎
I'm here to help you.	我來這裡幫你
I believe that he's happy.	我相信他是幸福的
I am familiar with this subject.	我熟悉這個主題
Tom said that Mary was asleep.	汤姆说玛丽在睡觉
You should've kept it secret.	你應該保密的
What is your phone number?	您的手机号码是多少
Excuse me, but I feel sick.	不好意思
I washed the dishes after supper.	晚饭后我洗了碗碟
I like to travel alone.	我喜欢独自旅行
Shouldn't Tom be doing this, too?	Tom	也需要做这件事吗
Can anyone pronounce this word?	有人能发这个词的音吗
She had my mother take care of the baby.	她让我母亲照顾孩子
I often play tennis after school.	我常常在放學後打網球
When I hear that song, I remember my younger days.	每次听到这首歌
I'm sorry I'm late.	对不起
I wasn't yelling.	我沒有在吼
Tom should've known better.	汤姆应该更清楚
Did you drink tea yesterday?	你昨天喝茶了吗
I hope I will have a chance to see you next time I'm in New York.	希望下次我在纽约还可以有机会见到你
Dogs bark.	狗会叫
I like to go fishing with my father.	我喜欢和父亲一起去钓鱼
It will be snowing when we arrive at Shiga Heights.	我们到达志贺高原时会下雪
Yesterday, an explosion occurred at the fireworks factory.	昨晚
I said open the door.	我說開門
That wasn't what I intended.	这不是我的初衷
Don't confuse desire with love.	不要把欲望和爱情混为一谈
We had a lot of snow last year.	去年下了很多雪
I don't know if I'll have time to do it.	我不知道我是否有时间做
Let's see what's in the box.	看看我會在盒子裡找到什麼
I had fun last night.	昨晚我玩得开心
As long as you're here, I'll stay.	只要你在這兒
My brother would often stay up all night reading novels.	我哥哥經常熬夜看小說
Tom is going to a concert this evening.	汤姆今晚会去演唱会
Everything depends on it.	全都靠它了
I don't know the exact date.	我不知道確切的日期
I've always wanted to meet you.	我一直想見你
I know you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?	我知道你已经等很久了
Tom always makes me laugh.	湯姆總是讓我笑
Please tell me why Tom was fired.	请告诉我为什么汤姆被炒了
I couldn't agree with you more.	我非常同意你
Who will you vote for for president?	你選誰當總統
Do you have paper?	你们有没有纸
I am doubtful whether he will come.	我怀疑他是否会来
How often do you buy flowers?	你多久买一次花
This is too expensive.	这太贵了
Come to my house whenever you like.	只要你喜歡
The students are in the classroom.	学生们在教室里
He lives by himself.	他独自生活
I was very moved by her kindness.	我深深地被她的仁慈所感動
It's your favorite song.	它是你最喜歡的歌
I would rather not go there alone.	我寧可不要單獨去那裡
They accused me of having broken my promise.	他们指责我没有信守诺言
Stop meddling.	别再插手
I cut a branch from the tree.	我從樹上砍下了一根樹枝
I'm sorry for the delay in responding.	我很抱歉這麼遲才回復
Everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion.	大家都渴望知道前冠军得主发生了什么
Who said that to you?	是谁给你说那个的呢
He kept me waiting all morning.	他讓我等了整整一上午
It's a secret.	它是個秘密
I like football.	我喜歡足球
What if Tom is still alive?	如果汤姆还活着呢
He sang a song.	他唱了一首歌
I'll lend you my notebook.	我會借給你我的筆記本
Almost all the students like English.	幾乎所有的學生喜歡英語
How old will you be next year?	明年你会是几岁
Could you say that one more time?	你能再說一次嗎
The policeman aimed his gun at the man.	警察瞄准了那个男人
Think about tomorrow.	請思考一下明天
I found the book very interesting.	我覺得這本書非常有趣
Where is nearest American Express office?	最近的美國運通辦公室在哪裡
It's absolutely impossible for me to go on like this.	让我像这样继续下去是绝对不可能的
Stay out of my kitchen.	别进我的厨房
They helped each other with homework.	他們互相幫忙做功課
I hope you have sweet dreams.	祝你好梦
What's this?	那是什么
She killed herself yesterday.	她昨天自杀了
Whose is this car?	這輛汽車是誰的
He's a strange character.	他的性情古怪
Don't let the dog in.	别让狗进来
How's everyone doing?	大家好嗎
Please continue.	请继续
Everybody knows that.	那件事谁都知道
Is it true you're trying to do that?	你真的要试着那样做吗
You ought to let Tom know Mary is going to do that.	你該讓湯姆知道瑪麗要去做
I'd like to reserve a hotel room.	我想要订房
Tom was a teacher for nearly thirty years.	汤姆当教师约有三十年了
I don't like big cities.	我不喜歡大城市
That's very handy.	这很方便
I'm wet.	我濕了
Did you buy cat food?	你买猫粮了吗
Let's go back to lesson three.	让我们回到第三课
My hands were shaking too much to thread the needle.	我的手抖得太厉害
Don't move.	不要动
I like each of them.	我喜欢他们每一个
"Where's your book?" "On the table."	「	你的書在哪
How's your wife, Tom?	你媳妇怎么样
They freed the prisoner.	他們釋放了犯人
She was on the verge of crying.	她要哭出来了
May I ask you for your name and address?	我能问一下您的姓名和住址吗
I expect you to be punctual.	我期待你能準時
This is very good.	这很好
Did you come here alone?	你是一个人来这儿的吗
I'm sure we'll find a solution.	我确信我们会找到解决办法的
Why didn't you call me yesterday evening?	怎么你昨晚没有给我打电话
Why are you still unmarried?	你為甚麼還不結婚
Who is that woman in the brown coat?	那个穿棕色大衣的女人是谁
The young man saved the girl from a bunch of hoodlums.	该名青年将少女从流氓团伙中救了出来
How much money do you have hidden under your bed?	你在你的床下面藏了多少钱
Tom should've finished it by now.	汤姆现在应该已经完成了
He sometimes goes to Tokyo on business.	他时不时地因为工作去东京
I need to go to bed.	我该去睡觉了
His intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble.	他的智慧和經驗使他能處理這個麻煩
It's not my fault.	不是我的错
What subjects do you like best?	你最喜歡什麼科目
He is just pulling your leg.	他只是跟你開玩笑
All the furniture was covered with dust.	所有的家具都佈滿了灰塵
This is my fault.	这是我的错
French bread is delicious.	法国的面包很好吃
He is likely to be late for school.	他上学很可能会迟到
I can't keep up with Tom.	我跟不上汤姆
I was uncertain whether to advance or to retreat.	我不确定该前进还是后退
How can I get to the station?	我怎樣才能到火車站
One of the hawk's wings is broken.	鹰的一只翅膀断了
Almost everyone in our village is related to one another.	我们村里所有的村民几乎彼此都是亲戚
I could hear doors slamming.	我可以聽見門砰砰作響
Why did you buy travel insurance?	为什么你买了旅行保险
Are you working?	你在上班嗎
Tom said Mary snored.	湯姆說瑪麗打鼾
I can come tomorrow.	我明天能来
They aren't quarreling, but are rehearsing a play.	他们不是在打架
What else have you figured out?	你还发现什么了
Drive slowly.	开车慢点
Everything's ready.	一切就绪
I watched a great movie yesterday.	我昨天看了部很棒的電影
Tom studies hard.	汤姆努力学习
Red-haired people tend to have freckles.	红发的人往往有雀斑
I need a doctor.	我需要医生
I'm cooking dinner.	我准备晚餐
Can we trust them?	我们能信任他们吗
You're an idiot.	你个呆瓜
The workers are on strike.	工人罢工
I can't go.	我不能走
You like to talk about architecture, don't you?	你喜欢讨论建筑
It never rains but it pours.	不下雨則矣
Tom thought that he had a chance to make a lot of money on the stock market.	汤姆觉得他有机会在股市赚一大笔钱
Tom put his money in the safe.	汤姆把他的钱放在保险柜里
Tom said he'd wait.	湯姆說他會等
Mary is the youngest of the three sisters.	玛丽是三姐妹中的老幺
If you need my advice, I'd be glad to give it to you.	如果你需要我的建议
Let me have a try.	让我试试
I have already eaten lunch.	我已經吃過午餐了
I was amazed at his courage.	我對他的勇氣感到驚訝
Well, have you decided?	那麼
I was struck by lightning.	我被雷劈了
Are you here on business?	你来这里出差的
I just thought I should double check.	我只覺得我應該再檢查一遍
I don't like to eat nattō.	我不喜欢吃纳豆
She does not have a ticket.	她沒有票
Wouldn't you like to eat?	您不想吃饭吗
She stabbed him in the back.	她在他的背上戳了一下
Put your weapon down.	把你的武器放下
I couldn't understand him at first.	起初我聽不懂他說的話
Water is liquid. When it freezes, it becomes solid.	水是液体
It's said that she loves him.	據說她愛他
Do you commute to school by bus?	你搭公車上下學嗎
On my way home, I met him.	我在回家的路上遇到了他
He wrote the report.	他寫了這份報告
The soup is thick.	汤很稠
It's easy for monkeys to climb trees.	猴子爬树容易
This is a comfortable chair.	這是一張舒適的椅子
All of us would like to get rid of nuclear weapons.	我們所有的人都想除掉核子武器
I'm job hunting.	我在找工作
I'll follow you anywhere.	到哪里我都会跟着你
He is still very much alive.	他依旧充满活力
Are there any bigger carrots?	還有更大的胡蘿蔔嗎
Will it snow tonight?	今晚会下雪吗
I have plenty of money with me.	我身上帶著很多錢
In my room, there are no clocks.	我的房间里没有时钟
Shame on you.	你真丢脸
Tom ate half the cake by himself.	湯姆獨自吃了半個蛋糕
I felt good tonight.	我今晚感觉良好
Is this your car?	這是你的車嗎
Tom will never do it again.	汤姆再也不做了
Send us a telegram when you arrive.	當你到的時候發一份電報給我們
Nobody encouraged him.	没有人鼓励他
She ignored all my warnings.	她忽視了我所有的警告
Do you like Japanese food?	你喜欢日本菜吗
You don't need to thank me.	您不必感谢我
Where were you last night?	昨天晚上你在哪裡
How do you get your children to eat vegetables?	你怎样让你的孩子们吃蔬菜
He did not accept their invitation.	他沒有接受他們的邀請
Tom should've been ready.	汤姆本该已经准备好了
UK is the abbreviation for the United Kingdom.	UK	是英国的缩写
Which book is yours?	哪本是您的書
Please translate the sentence below.	请把下面的句子翻译一下
She lived for a long time.	她活了很久
Where does he live?	他住在哪里
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.	雪梨是澳洲最大的城市
We are looking for a nice house to live in.	我们在找一个漂亮的屋子住
I've had to do everything by myself.	我必须靠自己做所有事
Do you believe there are ghosts?	你相信有鬼魂吗
I've been wanting to see you.	我一直想見你
What's your favorite fruit?	你最喜爱的水果是什么
I don't like winter.	我不喜欢冬天
There isn't any milk in the glass.	這個玻璃杯裡沒有任何的牛奶
Wait!	等一下
That was really boring.	那真是無聊
Keep Tom safe.	确保汤姆安全
I don't have an excuse.	我没有任何借口
Visiting a foreign country must be expensive.	到外國一定很貴
She gave it her personal attention.	她親自過問了此事
We were crowded into the small room.	我们挤进了那间小房间里
I saw him crossing the road.	我看见他穿过了马路
I knew what Tom was doing.	我知道汤姆在做什么
A doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me.	一位医生告诉过我
I'm going to take the 10:30 train.	我要搭
I can verify that that's the truth myself.	我自己能够证实那是真的
I think this book is very interesting.	我覺得這本書非常有趣
After she had lunch, she got ready to go out.	吃過午飯後
This toy is made of wood.	這玩具是用木頭做的
I wish he would write more often.	我希望他来信更勤些
No one noticed her absence until the meeting ended.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
There are more important things in life.	人生里有更重要的事情
Please knock before entering.	进来之前请敲门
Spring is just around the corner.	春天就要来了
I don't take any responsibility at all.	我完全不负任何责任
Tom studies French as well.	湯姆也學法語
What sports do you like?	你喜歡什麼運動
She stayed in the house all day.	她整天待在房子裡
If we don't keep walking, we'll be late.	如果我们不继续赶路
My grandpa believes that the moon landing was a hoax.	我的祖父相信登月是一個騙局
Tom asked Mary to buy a gift for John.	汤姆叫玛丽买一份礼物给约翰
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed.	他给我们讲了一个有趣的故事
The heater doesn't work.	暖氣壞了
He's about the same age as you.	他岁数和你差不多
Do you have a cell phone?	你有手機嗎
I saw a strange woman there.	我看见那儿有个奇怪的女人
It's really bad for your eyes.	它对你的眼睛有害
Are you still collecting stamps?	你還在收集郵票嗎
Tom recently found a good job.	湯姆最近找到了一份好工作
Actions speak louder than words.	行動勝於雄辯
I need something to write with.	我需要一些用來寫字的東西
Mercury is a planet.	水星是一顆行星
How many brothers do you have?	你有多少兄弟
I can do this myself.	我可以自己做
I'm repairing the house.	我在修房子
How about going out tonight?	今晚出去怎么样
Please give me a minute to explain.	请给我些时间来解释
They're children.	他们是孩子
She pressed her nose against the glass.	她把鼻子贴在玻璃上
I like Tom's attitude.	我喜歡
My mother is a very good cook.	我媽媽的廚藝很好
I'm not very particular about food.	我對食物不是很講究
Whose book is this?	這是誰的書
Are there any English magazines in this library?	這間圖書館有任何英語雜誌嗎
Tom laid the newspaper on the table.	汤姆把报纸放在桌上
He placed the ladder against the fence.	他把梯子倚著柵欄放
Everything went well.	一切都很顺利
It's lunch time.	午餐時間到了
He did not appear until about noon.	直到快要中午前他都沒出現
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想挂科
I'm going to learn French.	我要学法语
He has a good command of English.	他有很好的英語能力
He is afraid of his own shadow.	他是个胆小鬼
Please spell your name.	请拼一下您的名字
I'll pay you the money tomorrow.	我明天會付錢給你
Which season do you like the best?	您最喜欢哪个季节
Africa is a continent, but Greenland isn't.	非洲是一個大陸
She taught me how to swim.	她教我如何游泳
It is wrong to tell a lie.	说谎不好
I saw a group of foreigners on my way to school this morning.	今天早上在去学校的路上
I got on the wrong train.	我上錯了火車
A mile is about 1,600 meters.	一英里大约是
I don't remember anything about the incident.	我不记得事故的情况
Please tell me where to go next.	請告訴我下一步去哪裡
This is expensive.	這很貴
I admit that I was a little drunk.	我承認當時是有點醉
In the summer I wear short-sleeved shirts.	夏天我穿短袖衬衫
What have you told them?	你告诉了他们什么
Later he wrote to the president.	他后来写信给总统
"A rolling stone gathers no moss" is a proverb.	“	滚石不生苔
World War I broke out in 1914.	第一次世界大戰於
Hope to see you again next year.	希望明年再次見到你
How do I get my dog to eat dog food?	怎么样才能让我的狗吃狗粮
She married him.	她嫁给了他
I got five hours sleep last night.	我昨晚睡了五小时
Bears can climb trees.	熊會爬樹
I'm sorry to hear it.	我听了感到抱歉
Don't lean against the wall.	别倚着墙
He always takes sides with her.	他總是支持她
One language is never enough.	一種語言是永遠不夠的
It'll be spring soon.	春天快來了
Don't forget to take a camera.	别忘了带个相机
I feel like getting some fresh air.	我想要呼吸一些新鮮空氣
He has no interest in politics.	他對政治沒有興趣
Do you understand?	你们懂吗
Everything went smoothly.	一切进展顺利
This is a Chinese restaurant.	这是家中国餐厅
Your time is up.	你的時間到了
What are you reading?	你在看什么
She is hard up for money.	她錢不夠
Do you feel tired?	你覺得累嗎
I remember you. We met three years ago.	我記得你
Go away!	滾
Please come as soon as possible.	请尽快过来
Why do you want to buy this book?	您为什么想买这本书
It's too hot for us to work.	太熱了所以我們無法工作
There are so many people at this concert.	這場演唱會的人真多
Show him in.	让他进来
She has no enemies.	她没有敌人
The lights are out.	灯已关了
I laughed at his joke.	他的笑話讓我大笑了
He failed to follow our advice.	他沒有遵循我們的忠告
All the apple trees were cut down.	所有苹果树都被砍倒了
He took over his father's business.	他继承了他父亲的事业
I had a good sleep last night.	我昨晚睡得很好
I'm not afraid of death.	我不怕死
Take any train on track 5.	到
Get up early in the morning.	早上要早起
We only have tea.	我们只有茶水
Tom's Canadian.	汤姆是加拿大人
I have a computer.	我有一台电脑
He hadn't eaten in two days.	他已經兩天沒吃東西了
Is it true that Tom wants to paint his house green?	汤姆想把房子漆成绿色
I like to listen to the radio.	我喜歡聽廣播
She was often late for school.	她經常上學遲到
Good morning. It's time to wake up.	早安
I want to ride a horse.	我想騎馬
In the light of what you told us, I think we should revise our plan.	根据你所说的话
Tom didn't know that the deadline was today.	汤姆不知道今天是期限
My mother is reading a magazine.	我媽媽正在讀一本雜誌
I'm going to register at a gym.	我去註冊一家健身房
How was your summer?	夏天过得怎么样
Tom didn't tell me the truth.	湯姆沒有告訴我實話
Anniversaries are important.	週年紀念很重要
Are you good at math?	你数学好吗
Those chairs are in the way.	那些椅子擋住了去路
He is living abroad at the moment.	他现在住在国外
Everyone is here except for him.	除了他每個人都在這裡
Tom is a native speaker of French.	汤姆是法语母语者
Tom dozed off during the meeting.	汤姆在会议期间打瞌睡
Don't eat so fast.	别吃得这么快
The child's body felt feverish.	這個小孩身體很燙
They all have come.	他们全都来了
The dog looks hungry.	这只狗看上去饿了
She visits us every other day.	她每兩天探訪我們
This camera is cheap.	这个相机很便宜
Smoking is not allowed here.	这里不允许抽烟
Don't put the cart before the horse.	不要把馬車放在馬的前面
I was bored with his speech.	他的演讲让我很无聊
My favorite sport is baseball.	我最喜歡的運動是棒球
Tom says he hopes Mary can do that.	汤姆说他希望玛丽能做到
This room is air-conditioned.	這個房間有空調
Do you share a room?	您共住一个房间吗
This book is full of mistakes.	這本書充滿了錯誤
I got home at seven.	我七點回到家
I'm good at singing.	我唱歌很好听
The diamond was set in a gold ring.	钻石被镶在一个金戒指上
Tom ripped out the page.	汤姆把这一页撕掉了
It's sort of strange.	有點奇怪
Russia is facing great financial difficulties.	俄罗斯面临着严重的财政困难
Do you know whose this is?	这是谁的你知道吗
She is just as beautiful as her mother.	她跟她媽媽一樣漂亮
I'd like to work at the cafeteria.	我想在餐廳工作
It would be great if you could sing.	如果你唱歌的話一定很棒
How many apples do you want?	你要多少個蘋果
He was busy with his homework.	他忙於做功課
What was the situation in Boston?	波斯顿那时的情况如何
The red dress looked good on her.	她穿這套紅色的洋裝很好看
Tom has visited Boston.	汤姆去过波士顿
Who threw a stone at my dog?	谁朝我的狗扔的石子
It's getting warmer every day.	每天都在變暖
A lot of houses were washed away by the flood.	许多房屋被洪水冲走了
I made a mistake.	我犯了一個錯
Not everyone can be a poet.	不是每個人都能成為詩人
Could you tell me what my choices are?	你能告訴我我的選項是甚麼嗎
I want to move out of this cramped room as soon as I can.	我想尽快从这个不透气的屋子里出去
He lives just across the road.	他就住在馬路對面
The clouds are getting darker.	雲越來越黑
We're having a party tomorrow night.	明天晚上我們有一個派對
Haven't we met before?	我们以前没见过吗
If you stay at a big hotel, you can use their swimming pool.	若你住到的是大的旅館
Did you have a good rest?	休息好嗎
You're a professor, aren't you?	你是一名教授
I have to get my computer repaired.	我必須把我的電腦拿去給人家修理
Maybe I should go help Tom.	或許我該去幫湯姆
He acknowledged his faults.	他得知了他的错误
We skipped his turn on purpose.	轮到他时
Tom's speech was excellent.	湯姆的演講非常好
I've lived here since I was a boy.	我还是一个小男孩的时候就住在这里
I want to eat something delicious.	我想吃點好吃的
How important can it be?	它能有多重要
He came back last August.	他去年八月回來的
The store can supply us with anything we need.	这家商店可以提供所有我们需要的东西
How can Tom not understand that?	湯姆怎麼能不懂
Clothes make the man.	人要衣裝
The river flows under the bridge.	河從橋下流過
Tom doesn't want to talk to anybody.	汤姆不想跟任何人说话
Approximately thirty young people attended.	约有三十个年轻人到了
I was ashamed of my behavior.	我对自己的行为感到羞愧
We have to leave in five minutes.	我们必须在五分钟之内离开
Lie still.	躺着不动
This isn't difficult.	這個不難
I can't believe Tom is really planning to do this.	我无法相信汤姆真的打算做这事儿
I have a feeling he is right.	我覺得他是對的
I got some sand in my eye.	我的眼睛進了些沙
This is all the money I have on me.	這是我身上所有的錢
He dropped his books on the floor.	他的書掉在地板上了
Is there an app for that?	有它的应用吗
Do you think he is good for the position?	你认为他适合这个职位吗
We had no secrets.	我們沒有秘密
It wouldn't be wise to ignore Tom completely.	完全忽视汤姆不会是明智的
The train was crowded with people.	火车挤满了人
She is a well-known singer.	她是一个著名的歌手
I want to breathe some fresh air.	我想呼吸一下新鮮空氣
I think that our living together has influenced your habits.	我觉得我和你一起住影响了你生活的方式
Let me remind you again that March 31st is the due date.	讓我再次提醒你
We took strong measures to prevent it.	我们使用了强大的措施来预防
His parents took him for a walk.	他的父母帶他去散步
Are you going to be there?	你会在那里吗
Do you have a lot of pens?	你有很多笔吗
There is food on the desk.	书桌上有食物
I think it's unlikely Tom will get elected.	我觉得汤姆不太可能会当选
He came to pick me up.	他來接我走
I am in favor of your proposal.	我贊成你的建議
My shoulder really aches.	我的肩膀很痠
You don't have to help me.	你不用帮我
This is a great day.	真是美好的一天
She went shopping with her mother.	她和她母親去購物
To tell the truth, I don't agree with you.	实话说
Tom thanked me for the gift.	湯姆為這個禮物感謝我
Go ahead.	继续吧
He wrote to me from time to time.	他有时会给我写信
She's not prettier than her mother.	她没有比她妈妈更漂亮
What's the matter with you?	你到底怎么回事啊
Where are we meeting?	我们在哪里见面
She's busy now and can't talk with you.	她現在忙
Will you please lend me a stapler?	請你借給我一支訂書機好嗎
His decision to retire surprised all of us.	他要退休的決定讓我們都感到吃驚
Do you really believe in ghosts?	你真的相信鬼嗎
You must get the job done before the deadline.	你必须在到期前完成这项工作
I will do my best.	我會盡力而為
Will Tom really do that?	湯姆真要做嗎
Where's my plate?	我的盤子在哪
I've got a flat tire.	我有个轮胎瘪了
What's your opinion on that?	关于那个你有什么看法
His behavior is worthy of respect.	他的行为值得尊重
Tom will like this place.	汤姆会喜欢这里的
He came home late last night.	他昨晚很晚回家
I can't afford to buy that.	我买不起那个
Tom is working hard.	汤姆在努力工作
For that reason, he lost his job.	因為那個原因
I don't speak Japanese.	我不說日語
She was in a hurry to see her father.	她急于见她的父亲
That is not my line.	这不是我拿手的
You can bank on that.	你可以相信那個
He was brought up by his uncle.	他被他的叔叔撫養長大
The sun doesn't shine at night.	太陽在晚上不亮
I'd like a glass of water.	我想要一杯水
Tom overslept.	汤姆睡过头了
Tom did a good job predicting who would win the election.	汤姆很会预测选举
Once you've formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.	坏习惯一旦被养成
My father likes strong coffee.	我父親喜歡濃咖啡
He quickly accustomed himself to his new surroundings.	他很快就适应了新环境
She couldn't look him in the face.	她无法看着他的脸
The student handed the examination papers in to the teacher.	該學生把考試卷交給了老師
The goods arrived undamaged.	货物毫无损坏地到达了
I'd like your help.	我想請你們幫個忙
I don't like living in the country.	我不喜歡住在鄉下
I was trying to kill time.	我试着消磨时间
On Sunday, I go to church.	周日我去做礼拜
You're stupid.	你很愚蠢
There is something wrong with my car.	我的車子故障了
I'm not a beggar.	我不是乞丐
Is one thousand yen enough?	1000	日元够不够
She gave me a smile of recognition.	她給了我一個認可的微笑
You're a mean old man.	你这个吝啬的老头
Don't worry about me.	不要擔心我
I need to charge my cellphone.	我需要給手機充電
Come if you can.	如果你能就來吧
Who invited you guys?	誰邀請了你們
The car hit a wall.	那辆车撞到墙了
They won't find Tom.	他们不会找到汤姆
Our plans fell through at the last minute.	我们的方案在最后的时刻失败了
He is not the man that he was when I first knew him.	他已经不是我最初见他那时的那个人了
You'd better go.	你最好走
He wrote me a letter.	他给我写了封信
Who's the man playing the violin?	那個正在拉小提琴的男人是誰
Have you been eating?	你在吃东西吗
She accused me of making a mistake.	她指責我犯了錯
This flower is beautiful, isn't it?	這朵花很美
I want a piece of candy.	我想要一颗糖
He found the box under the table.	他在桌子底下發現了這個盒子
The old man starved to death.	這位老人餓死了
No one knows why.	沒人知道為什麼
I used to play tennis in high school.	我高中时曾打网球
I don't have anything else I have to do today.	我今天沒有更多的事要做的了
The ecological footprint of a country is closely related to its level of economic development.	生態印跡與一國的經濟發展程度密切相關
What would you like to eat?	您想吃什么
Tom and Mary went camping in the mountains.	湯姆和瑪麗去山裡露營
He's not as tall as you are.	他沒你高
The bell rings at eight.	鈴聲在八點鐘響起
Is Tom ready for that?	汤姆准备好了吗
How late did you stay at the party last night?	昨晚的派對你待到多晚
It's wrong.	不对
She likes to cook for her family.	她喜欢为她的家人做饭
Tangerines contain a lot of vitamin C.	柳丁含有大量的維生素
Who looks after the children?	谁照顾孩子
She almost passed out.	她几乎喝晕了
All at once she began to shout in a shrill voice.	突然間她開始用尖銳的聲音大喊
I stayed home all day long reading novels.	我全天在家讀小說
Beethoven was a great musician.	貝多芬是一個偉大的音樂家
Do you really believe that's what happened?	你真的相信那发生了吗
Reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people's privacy.	记者没有犹豫地去干涉了人们的私生活
Everyone knows Tom speaks good French.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
What do you know about the CIA?	你知道中央情报局的什么
Nobody knows the truth.	没有人知道真相
A picture is worth a thousand words.	百闻不如一见
God helps those who help themselves.	自助者天助
Where did you go last Sunday?	上周日您去哪儿了
Is that true?	真的
She resembles her mother in every respect.	她在各方面都像她的母親
The mother occasionally reread her son's letter.	这位母亲偶尔会重温她的儿子的信件
I awoke to find it snowing.	當我醒來時
Is there a supermarket near here?	這附近有超市嗎
This is the best restaurant that I know.	这是我所知道的最好的餐厅
He doesn't live there anymore.	他不再住在這裡了
He will not be able to do the work.	他没能力做这个工作
The situation hasn't changed at all.	情况丝毫没有改变
I know none of them.	他们中的任何一位我都不认识
I spent twelve hours on the train.	我在火车上待了
Tom is only pretending he's not interested.	汤姆只是在装没兴趣
Time flies.	時光飛逝
He attributed his success to good luck.	他把他的成功归功于好运
I belong to the swimming club.	我參加游泳社
The room was full of smoke.	这个屋子里满是烟雾
Tom has lost his mind.	湯姆失去理智了
Is Tom there?	汤姆在吗
I have no knife to cut with.	我沒有刀子可用來切
Can you make it on time?	你能准时做好吗
He built a new house for himself.	他給自己蓋了一棟新房子
This is a miracle.	这是一个奇迹
We're having fun.	我们在高兴地玩
Tom doesn't have a microwave oven.	汤姆没有微波炉
I don't want to go to church today.	今天我不想去教堂
Tom knew what Mary had done.	湯姆知道瑪麗做了甚麼
The hunter killed the fox.	獵人殺死了狐狸
Tom has lost his keys.	湯姆弄丟了他的鑰匙
More than 40 percent of the students go on to university.	40%	以上的学生去读大学
There are no clean plates.	没有任何干净的盘子
Tom didn't want Mary to know he didn't know how to do that.	汤姆不想玛丽知道他不知道怎么做
Come on, hurry up.	来吧
Did you bring a hair dryer?	你吹風機帶來了嗎
What color is your new car?	你的新車是甚麼顏色的
Tom goes to school on foot.	湯姆走路去上學
I wonder if Tom likes me.	我不知道湯姆是否喜歡我
Tom had nowhere to return to.	汤姆无处可归
We've not done well.	我们没有做好
Rice is sold by the kilogram.	米以公斤為單位來出售
He stuck to his promise.	他信守了承诺
If he studied hard, he would pass the test.	如果他努力学习
Tom asked for Mary's permission to leave early.	汤姆请玛丽允许他早走
She testified that she saw the man.	她作證說她看見了這名男子
Tom couldn't go to the concert because he had to work.	汤姆去不了音乐会
Generally speaking, men can run faster than women can.	一般來說
According to the guidebook, this is the best restaurant around here.	根據指南
It is easy for a monkey to climb a tree.	对猴子来说
The town was sleeping peacefully.	城市安睡了
Tom and Mary are out of danger.	湯姆和瑪麗脫離了危險
Thank you for your advice.	谢谢你的建议
Like it or not, we have to attend that meeting.	不管喜不喜歡
She's collecting material for a book.	她为一本书收集材料
Years passed.	多少年过去了
We're going to eat now.	我們現在就要吃飯
You're doing very well. Keep it up.	做得非常好
I'm a bachelor.	我单身
I've been taking this medication for many years.	这种药我吃了好多年了
Who died?	谁死了
They will not pass!	他們不會通過的
I'm thirsty.	我渴了
I had to take shelter under a tree.	我不得不在树下躲雨
I've always wanted to do that.	我一直都想去做
Summer vacation begins next Monday.	暑假從下星期一開始
I want to show you something in my office.	我想给你看看我办公室里的一些东西
This is a hospital.	这是医院
He is constantly complaining.	他總是在抱怨
Where are you off to?	你要去哪裡
Don't move, or I'll shoot you.	別動
He is different from what he used to be.	他和從前不一樣
I'll come and see you one of these days.	这些天我会抽一天来看你的
Europe has a smaller population than Asia.	欧洲的人口比亚洲少
Tom wears a wig.	湯姆戴假髮
What is it you want to tell me?	你想对我说什么
We don't expect Tom to live much longer.	我们不指望汤姆能活得更久
Would you like to have some coffee?	你要喝點咖啡嗎
My uncle gave me his car.	我叔叔給了我他的車
Tom put a cover over his car.	汤姆给车盖上套
I'm sorry I was so rude.	對不起
Tom and Mary even always wear the same color clothes.	汤姆和玛丽甚至经常穿同样颜色的衣服
They got thoroughly wet in the rain.	他們在雨中被淋得全身都濕了
When people meet, first impressions determine more than 50 percent of whatever happens next.	在人际交往中
She calmed down.	她冷靜下來
He rarely stays home on Sunday.	他很少週日待在家裡
There was a lot of snow last year.	去年下了很多雪
I, for one, am for the plan.	就個人而言
Could you wrap this separately, please?	請你分開包裝好嗎
We can't talk here.	我们不能在这里谈
Let me give you some advice.	讓我給你一些建議
I have a bit of a headache today.	有今天有點頭疼
His doctor ordered him to rest.	他的医生命令他休息
I'm almost finished.	我差不多完成了
I should've gone to bed earlier last night.	我昨晚应该早点睡觉的
I am on speaking terms with Tom.	我和汤姆无话不说
I prefer rice to bread.	比起面包
I'm watching TV now.	我正在看电视
I know her very well.	我非常了解她
If you make a mess, clean it up.	如果你弄乱了
Would you please lock the door?	請你鎖門好嗎
Who can say what will happen in the future?	谁能说将来会发生什么呢
I want to see your older sister.	我想見你姐姐
Tom loves dogs.	汤姆喜欢狗
Tom came in first.	湯姆第一個進來
My eyesight is getting worse.	我的视力正慢慢下降
I was watching TV when the telephone rang.	电话响的时候
Tom turned red.	汤姆脸红了
He is the richest man on earth.	他是世界上最有錢的人
She promised not to go out alone.	她答應不單獨外出
Tom probably knows someone who can teach us French.	湯姆應該知道有誰可以教我們法文
I'm glad that the thief was caught.	抓到小偷真是太好了
He is likely to win the game.	他有可能赢得比赛
What you said about Tom isn't true.	你说的关于汤姆的话不是真的
She attempted suicide.	她企图自杀
That flower smells sweet.	那花闻起来很香
Everyone in the class climbed the hill.	班上每個人都爬上了這個山坡
What language is spoken in America?	在美國的人說什麼語言
This dictionary has about 40,000 entries.	这本字典包含了约
He was late for the 7:30 bus.	他错过了
Good luck.	祝你好运
We were all pretty shocked.	我们都很震惊
I've been waiting for you since two o'clock.	我從兩點開始一直等你
She cooks chicken the way I like.	她用我喜歡的方式烹調雞肉
I know all your secrets.	我知道你所有的秘密
That's soft.	这很软
She went upstairs to her bedroom.	她上樓到她的臥室
All men are created equal.	人人生来平等
Come on! Give me a chance.	来嘛
She was very happy with my gift.	她對於我送的禮物感到很開心
If the car breaks down, we'll walk.	如果車子壞了
She studied English in the morning.	她上午學習英語
If you won a million yen, what would you do?	如果你中了一百万日元的奖
The men's room is on the second floor.	男厕所在二楼
I need a bag. Will you lend me one?	我需要个包
My mother is in the hospital now.	我媽媽現在在醫院
Optimists see opportunities in disasters while pessimists find disasters in every opportunity.	樂觀者在災禍中看到機會
Tom cannot drive.	湯姆不能開車
You're not satisfied, are you?	你并不满意
Roll up your right sleeve.	捲起你右邊的袖子
I can't believe you were the smartest kid in your class.	我不敢相信你是你们班里面最聪明的孩子
Tom didn't like the idea.	湯姆不喜歡這個主意
Our eyes take time to adjust to the darkness.	我们的眼睛需要时间来适应黑暗
It is easy to answer this question.	回答這個問題很容易
Will you lend me your dictionary?	把你的字典借給我好嗎
My husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.	我丈夫一边吃早餐一边读报纸
I wrote her a letter every day.	我一天又一天地给她写信
All of the milk was spilled.	所有的牛奶都溢出去了
A good many people have told me to take a holiday.	很多人都跟我說要我休假
One good friend is better than ten relatives.	一个好友胜过十个亲戚
They didn't pay me.	他们没付我钱
Wipe the pan dry with a paper towel.	用纸巾把那口锅擦干
I have low blood pressure.	我的血压很低
They settled in Canada.	他们在加拿大安家落户
If I were rich, I'd go abroad.	如果我有钱了
Are you through with your homework?	你把功課做完了嗎
I'm leaving for Chicago next week.	我下週將離開去芝加哥
I heard my name called.	我听见有人叫我
There's a picture on the wall.	牆上有一幅畫
He is a member of the baseball club.	他是這棒球俱樂部的成員
It's hard to maintain one's reputation.	維持一個人的聲譽是很難的
He said he was tired, so he would go home early.	他说他累了
Yes, I have student ID.	是的
I accompanied her on the piano.	我彈鋼琴為她伴奏
Don't stay in the sun too long.	不要在陽光下逗留太久
Let me have a try at it.	让我试试
Tom couldn't see anyone.	汤姆看不到任何人
My apartment is on the fourth floor.	我的公寓在四樓
She woke up on her own.	她自己起床的
New York is on the Hudson River.	紐約位在哈得遜河
I'm still puzzled.	我還不明白
Tom told me that I should do that.	湯姆告訴我我應該去做
My shirt isn't dry yet.	我的衬衫还没干
I ate caviar.	我吃了魚子醬
They settled in the country.	他们在乡村安定了下来
Stop gambling.	戒掉赌博吧
Leave no stone unturned.	把这里翻个底朝天
A lot of people are starving in the world.	世界上许多人很饥饿
You haven't even asked me what I think.	你甚沒問過我怎麼想
She scolded her son for being lazy.	她罵她的兒子懶惰
I think this book is easy.	我觉得这本书很简单
Try to avoid making any more trouble.	盡量避免製造任何更多的麻煩
How much was it?	多少錢
The bike parked over there is my brother's.	那邊停著的那輛自行車是我哥哥的
School will start next Monday.	下周一开学
I admire him for his courage.	我佩服他的勇气
I've dealt with this store for years.	我数年来都和这家商店做生意
We have to wash the clothes.	我们得洗衣服
I had a vision.	我有一个愿景
I learned to drive a car and got a driver's license when I was eighteen.	我十八歲時
There is an apple on the desk.	桌上有个苹果
I don't get what you mean.	我不理解你的意思
I have no idea why she got so angry.	我不知道她為什麼如此生氣
Tulips will bloom soon.	鬱金香很快將盛開
I always find puppet shows a bit creepy.	我总觉得木偶戏有点吓人
Rome wasn't built in a day.	罗马不是一天建成的
Things are not clearly defined.	事情还没解释清楚
Tom made fun of me.	汤姆拿我开心
I wrote down his phone number.	我寫下他的電話號碼了
I don't remember where I bought it.	我想不起来我在哪儿买的了
The organization furnished the refugees with food.	那个团体为难民们提供食品供给
I love you more than you love me.	我愛你多於你愛我
Tom is perfect, isn't he?	湯姆是完美的
I don't take drugs.	我不吸毒
A computer is an absolute necessity now.	電腦現在是一個絕對必要的東西了
Tom said he didn't see anything.	汤姆说了他什么也没看到
He is bound to succeed.	他一定会成功
It is a privilege to meet you.	幸会
Was the baby crying then?	那時嬰兒正在哭嗎
I'm a translator.	我是个翻译
I heard the front doorbell ring.	我聽到前門的門鈴響了
Tom was able to go to college thanks to a scholarship.	因為一份獎學金
Please save electricity.	请节约用电
I was waiting for a taxi.	我等着出租车
Tom dragged himself out of bed and put on his clothes.	汤姆从床上爬起来
Can you teach me how to fly?	你能教我飞吗
This room has air conditioning.	這個房間有空調
There is an urgent message for you.	你有一個緊急的訊息
Tom bought a pair of black leather shoes.	汤姆买了一双黑色皮鞋
I don't know what the time is.	我不知道現在幾點鐘
He's very sloppy in his dress.	他穿着上很不讲究
Elephants are the largest land animals alive today.	大象是如今现存的陆生动物里最大的
This isn't a tiger.	这不是老虎
She can swim as fast as her brother.	她能和她哥哥游得一樣快
You were supposed to tell Tom that.	你该告诉汤姆
I don't have many friends.	我朋友很少
Please hurry.	请抓紧时间
Are you sure you haven't forgotten anything?	你確定你沒有忘記什麼嗎
Chinese is a tonal language.	漢語是一個聲調語言
Talking in the library is not allowed.	不准在圖書館裡談話
The river's water level has risen.	河的水位上升了
I didn't want to get up early.	我不想很早起床
He barely passed the examination.	他勉強地通過了考試
I couldn't make him understand it.	我無法讓他明白
I have lost my cap.	我的帽子丢了
We can help Tom.	我们可以帮汤姆
I shouldn't have eaten the whole bag of potato chips.	我不该把一整包薯片都吃完的
Tom was wrong.	汤姆错了
Do you want to know why I lied to Tom?	你想知道为什么我对
I don't procrastinate as much as I used to.	我不像我以前那么拖延了
Large, isn't it?	很大
It's good to see you.	见到你真好
I'm sorry. I have another appointment.	很抱歉
This program is a rerun.	这个节目是重播
He quickly went out of the room.	他很快地走出了房間
That company is managed by a foreigner.	這家公司由一個外國人經營
Tom wants to speak.	汤姆想说话
I met him at the station.	我在車站遇見他
He doesn't eat raw fish.	他不吃生鱼
My grandfather is a bit hard of hearing.	我爺爺的聽力不太好
I've been sick.	我生病了
Can I eat my lunch here?	我能在這裡吃午飯嗎
She likes music very much.	她非常喜欢音乐
You should've told me yesterday.	你昨天就该告诉我了
This zipper doesn't zip smoothly.	這拉鍊卡卡的
Tomorrow is Sunday.	明天是星期天
Tom can take care of himself now.	湯姆現在能照顧自己了
I am glad to have her company.	我很高興有她的陪伴
He began to eat his breakfast.	他開始吃他的早餐了
Who's the girl in a yellow raincoat?	穿黃色雨衣的女孩是誰
I had no choice but to stay in bed all day.	我不得不一整天都待在床上
My father is very angry with me.	我父親對我非常生氣
I don't know why you don't like Tom.	我不知道你不喜欢汤姆的理由
I'm not going to tell you until I tell Tom.	我在告訴湯姆之前不會告訴你
She looks as if she were drunk.	她看起來好像喝醉了
I'll be back by seven or eight o'clock.	我会在七八点回家
Will he be able to come tomorrow?	他明天能来吗
I missed a lot.	我错过了很多
His brother goes to school by bus.	他哥哥搭公車去學校
I thanked Mary for her help.	我对玛丽的帮助表示了感谢
Do you have these shoes in my size?	你們這款鞋子有我的尺寸嗎
I never should've let Tom eat so much candy.	我不論甚麼時候都不該讓湯姆吃那麼多糖
You're partially correct.	你对了一部分
Tom and I have a lot more in common than I thought.	汤姆和我的共同点比我想的要多
Tom watched in horror.	汤姆惊恐地盯着
Tom bought a camera at a store not too far from here.	Tom	在离这里不远的一家商店里买了一台相机
Tom lit his cigar.	湯姆點了雪茄
That couldn't have gone any worse.	再糟糕不过了
I don't think Tom trusts many people.	我不認為湯姆相信許多人
Can you take a picture of us?	您能好好给我们照一张相吗
I wish that Tom would go home.	我希望湯姆回家
The lion is stalking its prey.	狮子在跟踪它的猎物
Tom went out for a walk with his dog.	湯姆帶他的狗出去走
Now it's time for the weather forecast.	现在是天气预报的时间
She is on a diet.	她在节食中
How can that be possible?	那怎麼可能
I'm not afraid of anything.	我什么都不怕
Do you want to buy anything?	你要买点东西吗
The sun is larger than the moon.	太陽比月亮大
He took a week off.	他休了一周的假
Good job!	做得好
Who are you?	你是谁
You won't need it.	你不會需要它
Drive cautiously.	开车小心点
Who found my bag?	誰找到了我的包
They forgave him for his crimes.	他们原谅了他的罪行
I'm so excited.	我很激动
She declared that she was not guilty.	她声称自己没罪
I like strawberry ice cream.	我喜歡草莓味的冰淇淋
Can you help us?	你能幫我們嗎
This bus will take you to the museum.	這輛公車會載你去博物館
There's something odd going on.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
Happiness can't be bought.	幸福是买不到的
Tom is going to run for mayor.	汤姆要竞选市长
My room faces east.	我的房間面向東邊
I'd wear a helmet.	我要戴頭盔
I can't get over my cold.	我的感冒怎麼也不好
We all like cycling.	我们都喜欢骑自行车
I was absent from work yesterday.	我昨天沒去上班
It's too hot.	太熱了
I am sure that he is an honest man.	我确定他是个老实人
This medicine will help you.	這個藥會幫助你
Where do you attend high school?	你在哪裡唸高中
Her husband is an excellent cook.	她丈夫是個優秀的廚師
Obey your teachers.	要听老师的话
What are you learning?	你在学什么
What a pity!	太可惜了
Nearly all Japanese have dark hair.	几乎所有的日本人头发都是黑色的
What color is your car?	你的车什么颜色
You're my best friend.	你是我最好的朋友
Our school is near the station.	我們學校在車站的附近
Let me do this for you.	让我为您做这件事
Beer is sold by the pint.	啤酒论品脱卖
I was stung by a bee.	我被蜜蜂蛰了一下
She walked around looking for him.	她走來走去地找他
None of those books are useful.	這些書都沒有用
You told her that you had finished the work three days before.	你告訴她你已經在三天前完成這個工作了
We were just talking about you when you called.	當你打電話來時
Tom didn't have to thank me.	汤姆不必谢我
He took us back in his car.	他开车送我们回来的
I want some paper.	我想要一些纸
Do you have any friends that are doctors?	你有朋友是醫生嗎
She has a round face.	她有张圆脸
I went swimming in the river.	我去河裡游泳
Could you get me some tea?	能來點茶嗎
Ask your dad to help you.	請你父親幫你
How are you all?	你們好嗎
I met her on campus yesterday.	我昨天在校園裡遇到了她
Do you know how to eat with chopsticks?	你會用筷子吃飯嗎
He taught himself French.	他自學法語
I wouldn't try that again.	我不会再试了
We are anxious about her safety.	我们为她的安全担忧
I wish to see my father.	我希望看看我的父親
Hold on just one second.	请稍等一下
I'm glad to see you back.	很高兴再见到您
You're the one who suggested that we sing together.	你是那個建議我們一起唱歌的人
I'm staying at the Hilton Hotel.	我留在希尔顿宾馆
Do you know how to play the organ?	你能演奏管风琴吗
Did you buy it on the black market?	你是在黑市上买的它吗
His wife comes from California.	他太太来自于加利福尼亚州
Tom says he's willing to help.	汤姆说他愿意帮忙
I heard him play the piano once.	我聽過一次他彈鋼琴
A cat has a tail and four legs.	一隻貓有一條尾巴和四隻腳
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want to."	"	你为什么不去
Are you a wizard?	你是个术士吗
She practiced the piano every day.	她每天練習彈鋼琴
Have you finished doing your homework yet?	你做完回家作業了嗎
Grab this.	抓住这个
Would you mind closing the door?	你介意關上門嗎
No matter how much I think about it, I can't understand it.	无论怎么去想我都搞不清楚
This is going to be a great trip.	這會是個絕好的旅行
I like this dog.	我喜欢这只狗
I'm to blame for it.	这是我的错
Where's your mom?	你妈妈呢
Please give me your permanent address.	請給我你的永久地址
He worked too hard, and became sick.	他工作得太多
Who did you give it to?	你把它給誰了
There's a telephone in the hall.	在大廳裡有一支電話
I belong to a tennis club.	我是网球俱乐部的会员
I need advice.	我需要些建议
The baby is playing with some toys.	這個小嬰兒正在玩一些玩具
Stars began to appear in the sky.	星星開始在天空中出現
Does love exist?	愛存在嗎
Most Americans supported the decision.	大部分美國人支持這項決定
He'll be back by five o'clock.	他五點左右會回來
This car sells well.	这辆车卖得好
The space race was an exciting time in history.	太空跑步是历史上激动人心的时刻
Tom will be sentenced next Monday.	汤姆下个星期一会被判决
She had a pleasant dream last night.	她昨晚做了个美梦
I have a good appetite today.	我今天的食慾很好
I can't stand this heat.	我受不了這麼熱
He teaches English to his friends.	他對他的朋友教英語
He committed suicide.	他自杀了
Answer my questions.	回答我的問題
He lived here for a time.	他在这儿住了有一段时间了
When did you get to know Tom?	你是甚麼時候認識湯姆的
I know that she has been busy.	我知道她一直很忙
I hope he'll wait for me.	我希望他會等我
Thank you for always taking care of me.	谢谢你一直以来对我的照顾
She came here as soon as she heard it.	她一來這裡就聽到了
My sister made me a beautiful doll.	我姊姊做了一個漂亮的娃娃給我
I bought a new television.	我买了台新电视机
Would you please take my picture?	請你幫我照相好嗎
I avoid discussing personal subjects with my boss.	我避免跟老板讨论个人话题
What is the price for this?	多少錢
She has buried her only son.	她埋葬了她的独生子
I want more.	我想要更多
I have an egg.	我有一只蛋
This mountain is covered with snow all year round.	这座山全年覆盖着雪
What happened to Tom's head?	汤姆的头怎么了
I don't feel like playing either.	我也不想玩
There's no chance of rain today.	今天没有任何下雨的可能性
What're you waiting for?	还在等什么呢
I'm in a desperate situation.	我处在绝境
It appears that she had a nice time at the party.	看來她似乎在派對上玩得很開心
What is the price?	多少錢
How much is this handkerchief?	请问这个手帕多少钱
I can't go.	我走不了
You really are an idiot.	你真的是
I lived abroad for ten years.	我住在國外十年了
My body aches all over.	我全身酸痛
He had a book on physics published.	他有一本關於物理學的書被出版了
The magician had the children's attention.	魔术师吸引了孩子们的注意
She followed him home to find out where he lived.	她跟他到家以得知他住哪
Why me?	为什么是我
He must be over sixty.	他应该超过六十岁了
What's the last thing you remember?	你能记起来的最后一件事是什么
I was bitten by a mosquito.	我被蚊子叮了
In Canada, there are many areas where it is illegal to log trees.	在加拿大有很多區域砍伐樹木是非法的
Children should drink milk every day.	孩子们应该每天喝牛奶
Tom has always been a bachelor.	汤姆一直都是单身汉
The baby smiled at me.	宝宝对我笑了
The Rhine flows between France and Germany.	萊茵河流經法國和德國國界
I lent my friend some money.	我借给了朋友一些钱
He continued reading the book.	他繼續看書
America was discovered by Columbus in 1492.	美國在
Tom drinks juice.	Tom	喝果汁
This is gibberish.	這是胡說
Did the dog bark?	狗叫了吗
My stomach has been hurting.	我肚子疼
Tom goes for a walk every morning.	Tom	每天早上去散步
Tom lives in a slum.	汤姆住在贫民窟里
My brother is small but strong.	我哥哥雖然矮小可是很強壯
He doesn't lie.	他不说谎
She told him that she believed in astrology.	她告诉了他自己相信占星术
We sometimes meet them.	我們有時會見到他們
She got wet to the skin.	她渾身濕透了
Nobody had ever heard of it.	从没有人听说过这件事
Tom gave us nothing.	汤姆什么也没给我们
My watch is very accurate.	我的手錶很準
No matter what happens, I'm not changing my mind.	無論如何
Tom translated a letter from French to English for his boss.	汤姆为他的老板把一封信从法语翻译成了英语
I like to travel by train.	我喜歡搭火車旅行
I am not married.	我没有结婚
Are you still in school?	你还在上学吗
Let me in.	让我进去
I'd do anything for Tom.	我会为汤姆做任何事
Her acting is on the level of a professional.	她的演技堪比专业人士
It is rude to point at others.	指著別人是不禮貌的
I guess you're right.	我猜你是對的
My father died of a subarachnoid hemorrhage when I was fourteen.	我十四岁的时候
He is unfit to be a teacher.	他不适合当老师
I will provide you all the necessary information.	我会把所有有用的信息给你的
The dog barked at the stranger.	這隻狗對著陌生人叫
Some people criticized our decision.	一些人批评了我们的决定
Would you please wait for a few minutes?	请您等几分钟好吗
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?	你可以告訴我要怎麼去火車站嗎
Are there many trees in the park?	公園裡有很多樹嗎
Have you still not finished paying for my bike?	你还没有为我的自行车付完款吗
The rumor proved to be true.	经过证实
We're having dinner.	我們在吃晚餐
Please turn off the television.	请关闭电视机
They're eating apples.	他們正在吃蘋果
He hurt his left foot when he fell.	當他跌倒時
There's no one in the building now.	現在樓裡沒人
Tom came over to my house for dinner yesterday.	汤姆昨天来我家吃晚饭
Even chocolate contains vitamins.	連巧克力中也含有維他命
Tom is not a friendly guy.	汤姆不是个友好的家伙
Compare your answers with the teacher's.	把你的答案和老师的比较一下
She ironed his shirts.	她烫了他的衬衫
The police are after him.	警察在跟著他
He dropped the cup and broke it.	他把杯子掉到地板上打碎了
I am Chinese.	我是华人
I don't think I'll be able to get there on time.	我估计我无法及时赶到
He thinks he's so great.	他以為自己很了不起
She doesn't like soccer.	她不喜欢足球
She gave us lots to eat.	她給了我們很多吃的東西
My mother left me a message.	我媽媽留了口信給我
He gave us the signal to begin.	他給了我們開始的信號
I am tired of reading.	我讀書讀膩了
Were you guys serious?	你们是认真的吗
Do you want this T-shirt?	你要這件
Tell Tom what Mary asked you to do.	把玛丽交代你去做的事告诉汤姆
Cosmetic surgery is not covered by most insurance plans.	大部份的保險計劃不包含整容手術
You don't have to work so hard.	你不必這麼辛苦地工作
This book costs 20 dollars.	这本书二十美元
The short answer is yes.	短回答是是
You can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude.	抱著失敗主義的態度你無法打一場漂亮的仗
You'll have to leave now.	你现在必须离开
I think I can run as fast as Tom.	我认为我能跑得跟汤姆一样快
After I got married, my Japanese got better and I could understand more.	在我结婚之后
This work doesn't pay.	这个工作没有酬劳
How much do you want in terms of salary?	您想要多少工资
It is important for old people to stay strong.	老人保持强健很重要
Due to the worsening weather, the departure was delayed.	由于天气变差
You should've come and talked to me.	你應該來跟我說
You're such an idiot!	你真是個傻瓜
I'm chewing gum.	我嚼口香糖
Both Tom and his wife grew up in Australia.	汤姆和他的妻子都在澳大利亚长大
He swims better than I do.	他游泳比我好
Now tell us what we want to know.	现在告诉我们我们想知道的
What time does the movie start?	电影什么时间开始
I'm a good person.	我是一个好人
Earth is a planet.	地球是一個行星
I think we should change the topic.	我認為我們該換個題目
Let's drink coffee while we talk.	让我们边喝咖啡边谈
The army quelled the rebellion.	军队镇压了叛乱
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with him.	我盡力追趕他
Keep oil away from the fire.	讓油遠離火
Tom seems to be prepared.	湯姆看來準備好了
Allow me to go.	請允許我去
I'm a computer scientist.	我是一名電腦科學家
She's really smart, isn't she?	她真的很聪明
She was wearing dark brown shoes.	她穿著深褐色的鞋子
Please keep it secret.	請保守秘密
Did Tom not know what to do?	汤姆不知道该做什么吗
This is my dictionary.	这是我的字典
My uncle gave me a gift.	我叔叔给了我一份礼物
He likes cooking for his family.	他喜歡為家人做飯
I'd like for you to go.	我希望你去
Don't you want to know the reason?	你不想知道原因吗
Tom was unable to remember what he had eaten for breakfast.	汤姆记不得他在早餐吃了什么
Take off your socks.	把你的袜子脱了
Tom did a very good job today.	湯姆今天做得非常好
I'm sorry to trouble you.	我很抱歉打擾你了
Of course.	当然是的
Perhaps we should help Tom.	我们可能要帮汤姆
Trouble began immediately.	麻烦说来就来
I like tennis and golf.	我喜歡打網球和高爾夫球
He is an aggressive person.	他是个咄咄逼人的的人
How curious!	多怪啊
What'll you be doing over the weekend?	你整個週末會做什麼
Tom laughed.	汤姆笑了
There's nothing I can do.	沒有我可以做的事
I'm home.	我在家裡
Honesty is not always the best policy.	誠實不總是最好的策略
Tom waited outside.	湯姆在外面等
Really?	你确定
His story can't be true.	他的故事不可能是真的
I hate the winter.	我恨冬天
Boys, don't make any noise.	男孩們
The king will appear in person tomorrow evening.	国王明晚会亲自出现
Tom expected this to happen.	汤姆预料这会发生
I think it's better not to try it.	我觉得最好别试
The boy went to bed with his socks on.	男孩穿着袜子就上床睡觉了
Tell them we're coming.	告诉他们我们要来了
I really should be going.	我真的该走了
Are you sure that Tom is happy?	你確定湯姆高興嗎
I almost won.	我几乎赢了
Tom didn't notice the surveillance camera.	汤姆没有注意到监控摄像头
I forgot what his name was.	我忘记他叫什么名字了
The early bird catches the worm.	早起的鸟儿有虫吃
She is fond of animals.	她很喜欢动物
Is there anything I can do?	有什么事我可以做吗
Can anyone answer my question?	有人可以回答我的問題嗎
If you hear hoofbeats, don't look for zebras.	不要听风就是雨
The watch on the desk is mine.	桌上的手表是我的
He writes Arabic.	他写阿拉伯文
I'm an optimist by nature.	我生性樂觀
We need some more coffee.	我們需要多一點咖啡
I can swim very fast.	我游泳可以游得很快
A leaf is falling.	一片葉子正在掉下來
Do you drink coffee?	你喝咖啡嗎
Who's to blame for the accident?	誰該為這次事故負責
You can say whatever you want to.	你可以說你想說的話
I know that you did your best.	我知道你盡力了
He caught a cold.	他着凉了
He is a head taller than me.	他比我高一个头
He's always worrying about his daughter.	他一直很担心他的女儿
It is easy to read this book.	這本書很容易讀
They were all dressed in uniforms.	他們全部穿制服了
He ate the whole apple.	他把整个苹果都吃了
He lived to be eighty years old.	他活到了八十歲
Could you help me translate this into French?	你能帮我把这译成法语吗
I hear you've got a new girlfriend.	听说你有新女朋友了
Hurry home.	赶快回家
Should Tom be worried?	Tom	應該要擔心嗎
Tom told Mary that it would probably snow all day.	汤姆告诉玛丽雪可能会下一整天
The poor young man finally became a great artist.	这个穷小子最后成为了一个了不起的艺术家
How long will you stay here?	你会在这儿待多久
Tom can't speak French well.	湯姆說法語說得不太好
He wasn't able to open the box.	他沒有能力打開箱子
Is this your first time in Japan?	這是你第一次到日本嗎
I'm married.	我已婚
He graduated from Tokyo University.	他畢業於東京大學
For me, this isn't a problem.	对我来说这就不是个问题
Step out of the car and place your hands behind your back.	下车
You're my hero.	你是我的英雄
Each of them was given a prize.	他們每個人都被授獎了
You need to get your eyes checked.	你得检查一下眼睛
I've got to go to the bank.	我必须到银行去
They turned around.	他们转过身
Would you like tea or something?	你需要茶或者别的什么吗
Tom has been quite cooperative.	汤姆很合作
It's so secret that even I don't know what it's all about.	这太秘密了
He's eligible for the presidency.	他有資格當選總統
She kindly showed me the way.	她友善地為我指路
I know how to make beef stroganoff.	我知道怎麼做俄式炒牛肉片
They decided to get married next month.	他們決定在下個月結婚
The train arrived on schedule.	火车准时到了
This intersection is dangerous.	這個十字路口很危險
She carried the box under her arm.	她把箱子挾在手臂下
All people are created equal.	人人生来平等
"Whose chair is this?" "It is mine."	“	这是谁的椅子
How long are you going to stay in Japan?	你會在日本多久
I helped him with his homework.	我幫他做他的家庭作業
He can drive a car.	他會開車
Tom won't be late, will he?	汤姆不会迟到吧
I like them.	我喜欢他们
She has many friends in Hong Kong.	她在香港有很多朋友
I'll be free all day tomorrow.	明天我一整天都有空
It's too expensive.	这太贵了
I guess I haven't made myself clear.	我想我沒有把話說清楚
Everybody has weaknesses.	谁都有弱点
It's all just a big misunderstanding.	这只不过全是个大误会而已
The building is seven stories high.	這棟建築物有七層樓高
What is love?	愛是什麼
Are you planning to help them?	你打算幫助他們嗎
Tom asked for food.	汤姆要食物
He is a very imaginative writer.	他是非常有想像力的作家
His wife is quite a talented woman.	他妻子是个才女
We are the problem.	我们就是问题所在
There are four members in my family.	我家有四個人
Lie down and rest for a while.	躺下來休息一會兒
She didn't tell me her secret.	她沒有告訴我她的秘密
My brother became an engineer.	我哥哥成了一名工程師
I love my grandmother very much.	我非常愛我的祖母
I'm sorry for the late response.	我很抱歉回复晚了
I'm so tired.	我好累
I've been here a long time.	我在這裡很長一段時間了
She's correct for sure.	她的確是正確的
He set fire to the school building.	他放火燒了校舍
Mathematics is an easy subject for me.	數學對我來說是一個容易的科目
The airplane took off on time.	這班飛機準時起飛
We were kids then.	我们那时是孩子
Tom lost his balance and fell.	Tom	失去平衡並跌到了
It is an hour's drive from here to there.	从这里到那里驾车需一小时
Compared with her sister, she isn't very punctual.	與她的妹妹相比
There is a strike.	有罢工
He practiced every day at home.	他每天在家練習
Everyone knows I don't like Tom.	每個人都知道我不喜歡湯姆
This turkey tastes good.	这只火鸡味道很好
Are you sad?	你傷心嗎
Who told you about this?	这件事是谁告诉你的
Don't you have to work?	你不用工作吗
I'm a foreigner.	我是一個外國人
Tom died two days after he moved to Boston.	汤姆在他搬去波士顿后的两天死了
We want to know the facts.	我们想知道真相
Please don't say that.	请你不要说这个
Say it in another way.	换种方式说
I guess that would be all right.	我猜那應該可以的
Our car broke down last night.	我們的昨晚車拋錨了
He'd prefer not to eat that.	他宁愿不吃这个
Something strange is happening.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
I paid five dollars for the book.	我花了五元買這本書
It looks like an orange.	它看起來像橙子
I'll call for you at three.	我三点钟来接你
This is the time he normally arrives.	他这个时候该到了
Tom was full.	汤姆饱了
The horse stopped and refused to move.	馬停了下來
Sheep provide us with wool.	绵羊提供我們羊毛
In the winter, many older people slip on ice and fall down.	在冬天有很多老人在冰上滑倒
Let them take care of themselves.	讓他們照顧自己
They went to the station by car.	他們坐車去車站
Count to thirty.	数到三十
My passport was stolen.	我护照给偷了
What is the name of this river?	這條河的名字是什麼
Tom hurried so he wouldn't miss the train.	汤姆加紧步伐以赶上火车
May I ask you some more questions?	我可以問你一些問題嗎
You can't depend on Tom.	你不能靠湯姆
Can you distinguish silver from tin?	你能分辨銀和錫嗎
You disappointed me.	你让我失望了
What time does your plane leave?	你的飛機什麼時候起飛
Tom is a native French speaker.	汤姆是法语母语者
I think that it's OK.	我想沒關係
I don't go to school on Sunday.	我周日不去学校
No way!	没门
Who is the secretary?	谁是秘书
The shower doesn't work.	淋浴坏了
He saw a dog near the door.	他在門附近看到了一隻狗
He likes to go to the beach now and then.	他喜欢偶尔去海边
The universe is limitless.	宇宙浩瀚無邊
Here is a letter for you.	这儿有你的一封信
Did Tom tell you why he wasn't at school yesterday?	汤姆昨天告诉你他为什么不去学校了吗
Help yourself to anything you like.	喜歡什麼就隨便吃吧
Reading books is important.	读书很重要
He's much taller than you.	他比你高得多
I don't want to be involved in that matter.	我不想被牵扯到这件事里
Where's the phone book?	电话簿在哪里
This doll is a gift from my aunt.	这个洋娃娃是婶婶给我的礼物
After supper, I washed the dishes.	晚饭后我洗了餐具
What time do you wake up on Sundays?	你星期天幾點起床
The teacher can't have said such a thing.	老师不可能说过这样的事
My son is playing in the rain.	我儿子在雨里玩
It's a long story.	说来话长
What's it made from?	这是什么做的
Did you find your contact lenses?	你找到你的隱形眼鏡了嗎
Put the book on the top shelf.	把書放在最上面的架子上
This book is easy to read.	這本書很容易讀
Nobody understands me.	没有人理解我
Do you have a fever and a sore throat?	你發燒和喉嚨痛嗎
Tom couldn't read very well until he was thirteen.	湯姆十三歲以前讀得不好
You have something stuck in your teeth.	牙齿卡了点东西
Put it back on the desk.	把它放回桌子上
My grandmother likes traveling by train.	我奶奶喜歡坐火車旅行
You must pay attention to his advice.	你一定要注意他的建议
You've got to be joking.	你一定是开玩笑
I encouraged Tom to study harder.	我鼓励汤姆更努力学习
I can't find my keys anywhere.	我到处都找不到我的钥匙
The living room adjoins the dining room.	客廳緊鄰著餐廳
You are working too hard. Take it easy for a while.	你工作得太辛苦了
He was considered very qualified for the job.	人们认为
He plays the guitar well.	他吉他彈得很好
I don't want to look stupid.	我不想看起來傻
A lot of trees were cut down.	很多树被砍倒
I didn't go, but stayed at home.	我沒去
I cannot help thinking that my son is still alive.	我不禁想我的儿子一直都在生
There's no time for explanation.	没时间解释
I don't want to wait.	我不想等
Would you please lend me some money?	你能借我些钱吗
I'll never forget going to Hawaii with her.	我永远不会忘记那次跟她一起去夏威夷
I saw him reading a book.	我看見他在讀一本書
What's done can't be undone.	覆水難收
I promised.	我答应了
Why aren't you married yet?	你为啥还不结婚
It's already 11.	已经是
Your room is very big.	您的房间很大
I admit that I was careless.	我承认我大意了
He asked me whether I like math.	他问我喜不喜欢数学
Put the book there.	把書放在那裡
You're blocking my light.	你擋住我的光了
That gentleman usually wears a hat.	那位紳士經常戴著一頂帽子
We played soccer yesterday.	我们昨天踢了足球
This shirt needs to be ironed.	这衬衫需要熨
If you don't go, I won't, either.	如果你不去
Did you miss me?	你想我了
Maybe you should study harder next time.	你可能下回要更努力地学习
I got off at the wrong station.	我下錯了車站
What do you do on Sundays?	你星期天都做什麼
I am quite ignorant of their plan.	他们的计划我一无所知
He went to see his grandfather off at the station.	他去车站送爷爷了
It was an advantage having learned Chinese while I was in school.	在学校时我学了中文是个优势
I don't belong to any club.	我不屬於任何社團
She translated the letter from Japanese into French.	她把信从日语译成法语
Please have a seat and wait until your name is called.	请在被叫到名字之前坐在椅子上等候
I will give you the money tomorrow.	我明天會給你錢
The law isn't always fair.	法律並不總是公平的
I'm not very athletic.	我不太擅长运动
Now, what do you want me to do?	現在
What do you usually do with your friends?	你一般和朋友一起做什麼
How's everybody doing?	大家好嗎
He looks old for his age.	他看起來比他的實際年齡大
She's Tom's older sister.	她是
My mother told us an interesting story.	我的媽媽給我們講了個有趣的故事
At last, he came.	最终
Excuse me, do you know what time it is?	不好意思
I'm quite satisfied with my life.	我对我的人生很满意
I'll write to you soon.	我會盡快寫信給你
Read Lesson 10 from the beginning.	從第十課的開頭讀起
Why is my internet access so slow?	我的网怎么会这么慢
She's not a regular employee of this company.	她不是這間公司正式的職員
You can always count on Tom.	你可以永遠信賴湯姆
Lie down and make yourself comfortable.	躺下來讓自己舒服一點
What are we having for dinner tonight?	今天晚饭吃什么
You're the only one who can help us.	你是唯一一个能帮助我们的人
What's the purpose of your visit?	您此行的目的是什麼
Which is better, red thread or white thread?	哪个更好
He's a talented young director.	他是个富有才能的年轻导演
Where can I find toothpaste?	在哪儿我能找到牙膏
I bought a camera for 30 dollars.	我花
I always get nervous just before a match.	比赛前我一直都很紧张
Mars is a planet.	火星是一顆行星
Sometimes I hate myself.	偶尔我会讨厌我自己
Things are totally different now.	現在全都不一樣了
We ought to obey the law.	我们必须遵纪守法
How do you pronounce your last name?	你的姓怎么读
I have no idea who she is.	我不知道她是谁
Tom turned out to be a thief.	原来
Soccer is the most popular of all sports.	足球是所有体育运动中最受欢迎的
Playing cards is a popular pastime.	打牌是一種流行的消遣方式
Tom found a job in Boston.	汤姆在波士顿找了份工作
Who are you going with?	你和谁一起去那
He likes to watch TV.	他喜歡看電視
Tom is not as old as you.	湯姆的年紀不比你大
I played catch with my father.	我和我爸爸玩接球
Tom admitted killing Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
I graduated from high school last year.	去年我從高中畢業了
She borrowed a saw from the farmer.	她向農夫借了一把鋸子
Pick up the phone.	接电话
His speech inspired all the boys.	他的演說激勵了所有的男孩
Tom isn't a very good driver.	湯姆不是一個好司機
You have to have confidence.	你必须得自信
He is very kind.	他非常親切
I'd like you to have a blood test.	我希望你做血液檢查
Can I start?	我可以开始了吗
He has little confidence in himself.	他對自己沒有多少信心
It is hard for me to believe this.	我觉得这难以置信
In the United States, school buses are yellow.	在美国
I'm scared of dogs.	我怕狗
There are some eggs in the box.	盒子裡有一些蛋
He is as tall as his father.	他和他爸爸一样高
Tom can't tell Mary his real feelings.	汤姆不能把他的真实感受告诉玛丽
People have two legs.	人有两只脚
Take a breath and hold it.	深吸一口氣然後屏住氣
You did what was necessary.	你做了必要的事
He was standing behind the door.	他站在門後
He taught us that Columbus discovered America.	他教導我們說
I can play Chopin.	我會彈蕭邦
I'm going to propose to her.	我打算向她求婚
You shouldn't have done it.	你不應該做的
She can never keep a secret.	她永远也做不到保守秘密
The moon landing was a monumental achievement.	登月是一項里程碑式的成就
Do you know anyone who's been to Australia?	你知道谁去过澳大利亚的吗
She was accused of telling a lie.	她被指责说了谎
Our team lost all of its games.	我們的隊伍輸了所有的比賽
I was planning on going to the beach today, but then it started to rain.	我本来预备今天去海滩的
Did you accomplish your goals?	你達成你的目標了嗎
This isn't a trivial matter.	这不是鸡毛蒜皮的事
Tom might've missed the last train.	汤姆可能错过了最后一班列车
You need two to make a pair.	你需要两个才能凑成一对
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	她整齊地把她的手帕折好
Can you speak French?	你會講法語嗎
Tom said that he was really jealous.	湯姆說他很嫉妒
The doctor may have said so.	医生可能说过
It isn't something that anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
You can use this car.	你可以使用這輛車
He's two years older than me.	他比我大两岁
I want to travel around the world.	我要環遊世界
We're classmates.	我们是同学
Hold fire.	停火
I think you will find it convenient to put a short-cut on the desktop.	我想你迟早会知道在桌面建立一个快捷方式是有多方便
Should I help you?	我该帮你吗
Tom put the vase on the table.	湯姆把花瓶放在桌上
Tom ripped a page out of his sketch book.	汤姆从他的绘画本上撕下了一页
The firm went under due to lack of capital.	公司由于缺乏资本倒闭了
They set fire to their neighbor's house in revenge.	為了報仇
I almost left my umbrella on the train.	我幾乎把我的雨傘忘在火車上
She asked for my help.	她向我求助
Tom will come back from Boston next Monday.	汤姆会在下周一从波士顿回来
Don't tell anyone that I wet the bed.	别告诉任何人我尿床了
I'll try to find them for you.	我会努力帮你找到他们
The two teams fought very hard.	两队打了场硬仗
I think it's time for me to buy a house.	我想我該是時候買間房子了
Is your school far from your home?	你的學校離你家很遠嗎
He is a doctor.	他是医生来的
Can I hold your hand?	我可以牵着你的手吗
This fish is not fit to eat.	这条鱼不能吃了
She was more beautiful than all the others.	她比其他人都漂亮
Your son is dating my daughter.	你儿子正在和我女儿约会
All of them are good teachers.	他们都是好老师
She cooked vegetable soup for us.	她為我們煮了蔬菜湯
I owe Tom some money.	我欠湯姆錢
When the phone rang, he ran to answer it.	電話響起時
Tom is intoxicated.	汤姆醉了
Tom hurt himself.	湯姆弄傷了自己
He tried to make his wife happy, but in vain.	他試著想讓他妻子開心
We saw monkeys at the zoo.	我們在動物園裡看到了猴子
My father has already given up smoking and drinking.	我爸爸已经戒烟戒酒了
Do you like English?	你喜歡英語嗎
I'm expecting someone.	我在等待着某个人
He told us an interesting story.	他给我们讲了一个有趣的故事
I know it's hard.	我知道它有困難
Switzerland is a beautiful country.	瑞士是一个美丽的国家
I'm new here.	我是新來的
Don't talk to me like this.	不要这样对我讲话
This is difficult.	这很难
I hung the calendar on the wall.	我把日曆掛在牆上
Texting while driving is dangerous.	開車時打字是危險的
My mother boiled ten eggs.	妈妈煮了十只蛋
There was no one there besides me.	那儿除了我
The funeral was yesterday.	葬禮是昨天
Repairs will cost a lot of money.	修理将要花费很多钱
She cut up the cloth to make bandages.	她裁布做绷带
The waves crashed against the rocks.	浪拍在岩石上
She likes to go to the sauna.	她喜欢去桑拿
Your suggestion is worth considering.	你的建议值得考虑
Be more precise.	更清晰些
He wore a dark sweater.	他穿了一件深色毛衣
Tom doesn't want to talk about it.	汤姆不想谈这件事
He plays tennis very well.	他打网球打得很好
Get out of bed!	起床
Tom robbed a bank.	湯姆搶了家銀行
Is Tom infected?	汤姆被感染了吗
That toy is made of wood.	這個玩具是用木頭做的
This is my own bike.	这是我自己的自行车
Whose bicycle is this?	这辆自行车是谁的
People are counting on us.	人们正在依赖着我们
This is a kind of watermelon.	这是一种西瓜
We speak the same language, don't we?	我們說的是同樣的語言
I know that you know that I know.	我知道你知道我知道
Tom sat beside Mary.	汤姆坐在玛丽旁边
The dog attacked the little boy.	這隻狗攻擊了這個小男孩
Sensing danger, he ran away.	他感覺到危險就逃跑了
Don't forget to put the fire out.	不要忘了熄火
I'm not sick.	我没生病
He is a good fellow.	他是個好人
I trust his executive ability.	我相信他的执行能力
Tom approached cautiously.	汤姆小心地接近
I don't doubt it.	我没有疑问
I've still got things to do.	我还有点事
I can't live without TV.	没有电视
Tom made his servants eat in the dark.	汤姆让他的仆人们在黑暗下进餐
What do you want me to do?	你要我做什麼
That's flammable.	那是可燃的
I am sixteen years old.	我
A man must work.	男人应该工作
OK, you win.	行
He walked past the house.	他走過這棟房子
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.	坦率地说
She stepped forward to shake his hand.	為了握住他的手
Tom seems to be much happier than me.	汤姆看来比我高兴
There are billions of stars in the sky.	天空中有數十億的星星
Where are we going to meet?	我们在哪里见面
All three of you are very lucky.	你們三個很走運
He has lost his job.	他已經失去了他的工作
Do you want pepper on it?	您吃不吃辣椒
I'll join you all later.	我会晚些加入你们
If you want to, you can use my car.	如果你愿意
They changed the system.	他們改變了制度
You'll never know the truth.	你永远不会知道真相
I gave her just what she needed.	我給她的正是她所需要的
I can hear it.	我听得到
Don't forget Tom is allergic to peanuts.	不要忘记汤姆对花生过敏
Scary, isn't it?	是不是嚇人
You can buy it at any bookstore.	你可以在任何一家書店買到它
I persuaded him to give up the idea.	我说服他放弃了这个主意
What time are you going on duty?	你幾點值班
I have nothing in common with her.	我和她沒有共同之處
They were very excited.	他们非常兴奋
Her father devoted his life to science.	她父亲把一生都贡献给科学事业了
Do your best.	盡力而為
I have an opinion.	我有一個意見
Please don't interrupt me.	请不要打断我
The children went out to play.	孩子們出去玩了
I hate fish.	我讨厌鱼
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.	目前哈里發塔是世界上最高的摩天大樓
Tom hasn't taken a bath in a long time.	汤姆很长时间没洗澡了
Do you mind if I turn off the light?	您介不介意我把灯关了
This medicine doesn't have side effects.	这药没有副作用
I want a girlfriend.	我想找女朋友
I've got a few friends.	我有一些朋友
Tell me how to solve the problem.	告訴我如何解決這個問題
We made an appeal for support.	我們提出了請求支持的呼籲
Tom had a heart attack last year.	汤姆去年得了心脏病
I have to sell my house.	我得卖我的房子
She told him she wanted a divorce.	她告诉他说
Switzerland is a neutral country.	瑞士是一个中立的国家
Where's the nearest telephone booth?	最近的電話亭在哪裡
You're such a jerk.	你真是個傻子
I think we need a doggy bag.	我觉得我们需要一个打包盒
It is rude to stare at strangers.	盯著陌生人看是不禮貌的
The United States is abundant in natural resources.	美国的自然资源很丰富
Tom is fearless.	汤姆无所畏惧
Tom told me that he has no intention of marrying you.	Tom	告诉我他们有想要娶你的想法
We have to pick a name for the child.	我們要給孩子起個名字
I'm too busy to go.	我太忙了不能去
Tom was the last one to get in the van.	汤姆是最后一个上面包车的
A man is responsible for his deeds.	一个人要为他的行为负责
He may become a baseball player.	他可能成為一個棒球選手
I wish I could stop hiccuping.	我希望我能停止打嗝
Leave him alone.	让他一个人待着
I expect a lot from him.	我對他期望很高
There's a full moon tonight.	今晚月亮很圆
I didn't study at all yesterday.	我昨天都沒讀書
Could you put my name on the waiting list?	你能把我的名字加到等候批准的申请人名单上吗
I've lived away from home for a long time.	我在外地生活了很久
I slipped and fell down the stairs.	我滑了一跤並從樓梯上摔下來
My sister made me a beautiful doll.	我妹妹做了一個漂亮的娃娃給我
There are fifty states in the United States.	美国有
The candle went out by itself.	蜡烛自己灭了
I'm amazed at your audacity.	我对你的厚颜无耻感到惊讶
He got tired of reading.	他厌倦了读书
That makes sense.	那是有道理的
How do you spell your last name?	你的姓怎麼拼
Sorry to be late.	对不起
I want to eat something that isn't sweet.	我想吃点不甜的东西
I'm going there alone.	我一个人去那边
How long did it take you to translate this book?	你用了多少时间来翻译这本书
Why don't you eat pineapple?	你為什麼不吃菠蘿
You can sit anywhere you want.	你可以坐你想坐的任何地方
Whose notebook is that?	這臺筆記本電腦是誰的
He fell backward.	他向后跌倒了
I can help you, too.	我也能幫你
There is a military base near here.	這附近有一個軍事基地
Without the sun, there would be no life.	沒有太陽就沒有生命
I want to learn French.	我要学法语
I hope that Tom has learned his lesson.	我希望汤姆已经吸取教训了
I have no energy today.	今天我沒有精神
You could've answered that question.	你本来可以回答那问题
I don't think that he's honest.	我不觉得他很诚实
Don't forget us.	别忘了我们
I'm calling from a cell phone.	我正在用手机打电话
Tom isn't a good worker.	湯姆不是個好工人
She's wearing high heels.	她穿著高跟鞋
Japan depends on imports for raw materials.	日本依賴進口原料
I remember mailing the letter.	我記得寄了信
In 1848, people came to California to dig for gold.	1848	年人们来加利福尼亚淘金
You're an idiot.	你是一個笨蛋
I don't feel well.	我感觉不舒服
I'll prove it to you.	我会给你证明的
Would you care for another cup of coffee?	再来一杯咖啡怎么样
There's no more salt.	沒有再多的鹽了
This is a picture of my mother.	這張是我媽媽的照片
How frequently do you check your mail?	你多久看一次郵箱
I was really confused.	我真的很困惑
How do you want your hair cut?	你想將頭髮剪成怎樣
Say which one you would like.	说你想要哪个
It's rude to talk during a concert.	在音樂會中講話是不禮貌的
You didn't need to take a taxi.	你不必搭計程車
I guess that she is over thirty.	我猜她超過三十歲了
We need to make a plan.	我们需要做计划
I intend to become a lawyer.	我有志成为一名律师
I'll be busy tomorrow.	我明天会很忙
The bakery is closed.	面包房打烊了
Listen and listen carefully.	听
I'll get started right away.	我會立刻開始
Tom doesn't like any kind of spicy food.	汤姆不喜欢任何辣的食物
Do you really believe that story?	你真的相信那故事嗎
When does the movie start?	电影什么时间开始
It was raining heavily when I got up this morning.	我今天早上起来的时候雨下得很大
He sometimes watches TV.	他有時看電視
Their way of thinking is behind the times.	他们的想法太过时了
The door was kicked open.	门被踢开了
He studies much harder than before.	他比以前学得更努力了
These dogs are big.	這些狗很大
I've heard this story before.	我以前听过这个故事
Two people can enter with this ticket.	兩個人可以用這張票入場
I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the monkey.	我不是在跟你說話
The castle is across the river.	城堡在河的對面
Who is that old man?	那個老男人是誰
What disease do I have?	我得了什麼病
This car runs on natural gas.	这辆车靠天然气驱动
She gave birth to her first child at twenty years old.	她在二十歲的時候生下第一個孩子
He's a regular at the bars and pubs around here.	他是这里附近酒吧和酒馆的常客
His work is washing cars.	他的工作是洗車
I want another slice of bread.	我要另一片面包
My uncle lived abroad for many years.	我叔叔住在國外很多年了
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.	我穿著我的睡衣吃早餐
Tom is an important person.	湯姆是個重要的人
I chose the wrong one.	我選了錯的那個
How are things at school?	学校怎么样
When are you coming home?	你什麼時候回家
My father insisted that I should go to see the place.	我爸爸坚持要我去那地方看看
She plays golf every weekend.	她每周末都打高尔夫球
I provided him with food.	我提供了他食物
Lie on your right side.	躺在你右邊
It's none of your business.	跟你没半毛钱关系
Do I have to be hospitalized?	我必须去医院吗
I can make that happen.	我不能让那事发生
The garden was filled with flowers.	花園裡充滿了花朵
They say love is blind.	人们说爱情是盲目的
You should not have lent the money to such a person.	你不應該借錢給這樣的人
Tom's eyes were glued to the screen.	Tom	的眼睛被荧幕吸引住了
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.	我找工作已经很久了
Very few people live to be 100.	很少人活到
How about taking a walk with us?	跟我們一起散步怎麼樣
Would anyone like some coffee?	有人要咖啡吗
We make milk into cheese and butter.	我們把牛奶製成乳酪和奶油
He disguised himself as a woman.	他把自己化裝成一個女人
You're barking up the wrong tree.	你白費力氣了
What would you like to drink?	您想喝什么
Call the police.	报警
I haven't seen Tom since 1988.	我從
He bought his daughter a dress.	他買了一件洋裝給他女兒
Do you often hear from him?	你常常收到他的音訊嗎
She must have been sick.	她一定是生病了
I don't mind if it's hot and spicy.	辣点儿没关系
Tom didn't have time to finish his report.	湯姆沒時間完成報告
He has a good reading knowledge of French.	他能很好地读懂法语
I'm new at this kind of work.	我在這種工作上是新人
This is my friend.	這是我的朋友
How many different kinds of pizzas are on the menu?	菜單上有多少種比薩
Don't go out after dark.	天黑以後不要出門
Can you lend me your bicycle?	你能把你的自行车借给我吗
Mary spoke Japanese slowly.	瑪麗日語說得很慢
He failed the exam, but he doesn't care too much.	他考试失败了
The light is green now.	紅綠燈現在是綠色的
Stop resisting!	停止抵抗
I've already tried that.	我已经试过那个了
We ran after the cat.	我們追著貓
We lost our cat and Tom found it for us.	我們弄丟了車
Don't quit your day job.	别辞掉你的正职
The cold weather lasted for three weeks.	寒冷的天氣持續了三個禮拜
I will go there even if it rains.	即使下雨我也會去那裡
Everybody but Tom knew he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
I had a funny dream last night.	我昨晚做了一個有趣的夢
We know everything.	我们什么都知道
I'm really cold.	我真的冷
Women tend to live longer than men.	女人往往比男人活得更長
I just don't want to marry you.	我就是不想嫁給你
Where did you get those old coins?	你从哪里得到这些古钱的
I remember giving him the key.	我記得給了他鑰匙
I work too much.	我工作得太多了
I'm content with my job.	我對我的工作感到滿意
She helped me pack my suitcase.	她幫我打包我的手提箱
All subscriptions must be paid before the end of this year.	所有訂購必須在今年年底前支付款項
Whose turn is it?	輪到誰了
I often catch colds.	我常常感冒
You don't like love stories, do you?	你不喜歡愛情故事
Wait until the light changes to green.	等到燈變為綠色
If you had left home a little earlier you would have been in time.	如果你早点出门的话
I'm having my house painted next month.	我下個月刷我的房子
I'm drinking orange juice.	我在喝橙汁
This food is too salty.	這個食物太鹹了
There are too many people here. Let's go somewhere else.	这里人太多了
Did you do this on your own?	這是你自己做的嗎
Can you turn the TV down?	您能把电视开小声点吗
She's still dependent on her parents.	她是啃老族
Everyone is special.	每个人都很特别
He is a baseball player.	他是个棒球手
The meeting ended at 4:00 p.m.	會議於下午
It's more polite to say thin than skinny.	说苗条比说瘦更有礼貌
Where's Tom?	汤姆在哪儿
Doing the laundry is my job.	洗衣服是我的工作
He may not be happy.	他可能不高兴
I am going to buy a new car.	我要买辆新车
Tom came here to talk to Mary.	汤姆来这里和玛丽谈话
Good luck on the test!	祝考试好运
He is not a good driver.	他不擅长开车
I will not eat ice cream.	我不會吃冰淇淋
What are you driving at?	你想暗示什么
They go to church on Sunday.	他們禮拜天上教堂
I was to blame.	这是我的错
Computers save us a lot of time and trouble.	电脑为我们节省了很多时间
My aunt made a new skirt for me.	我姑姑做了一條新裙子給我
The children slid down the bank.	孩子們滑下岸邊
What's your schedule for tomorrow?	你明天的行程安排是什麼
Wait here till I come back.	在這兒等著
This is an important event.	这是个重要事件
The fish tasted like salmon.	這魚吃著像三文魚
Are you afraid of insects?	你怕虫子吗
She patted her hair into place.	她把头发拍整齐了
The explorers discovered a skeleton in the cave.	探险家们在洞穴里发现了骸骨
Can you whistle?	你会吹口哨吗
I didn't see him.	我没见到他
I'm sorry to disappoint you.	我對讓你失望感到抱歉
You should go.	你最好去
I can't give up smoking.	我無法戒煙
Are you free tonight?	您今晚有空吗
Tom knows all the answers.	汤姆知道所有答案
I've lost my key.	我钥匙丢了
Did you complete the work?	你完成工作了吗
Carrots cost three dollars.	胡萝卜要三美元
Come if you can.	你能来就来
Look at that picture on the desk.	看看桌上的那張相片
May I have a talk with you?	我能和你谈谈吗
The lion is the king of the jungle.	狮子是丛林之王
She left here right away.	她馬上離開了這裡
Tom and Mary discussed their future plans.	汤姆和玛丽讨论了他们未来的计划
He told his wife not to buy on impulse.	他叫自己的妻子不要衝動購物
Are you free tomorrow?	你明天有空吗
He sleeps during the day and works at night.	他白天睡觉
I have three cousins.	我有三个堂兄
Please turn off the lights.	請關燈
You're sharp.	你很聰明
There's no mistake.	没有错误
He jumped onto the table.	他跳上了桌子
I put the money into the safe.	我把錢放入保險櫃裡
My uncle made me serve as interpreter.	我叔叔讓我擔任翻譯
Nothing is more valuable than friendship.	沒有比友情更有價值的東西
Why do you want to kill me?	你們為什麼想殺我
I was very, very lucky.	我非常非常幸运
She looks very elegant.	她看上去十分优雅
Traffic downtown is all backed up.	市中心的交通都堵塞了
I really enjoyed myself tonight.	今晚我玩得很開心
I missed the opening ceremony of the Olympics.	我错过了奥运会的开幕式
You're joking!	你在開玩笑吧
A dog will bark at strangers.	狗会对陌生人叫
Tom wanted to be a better teacher.	汤姆想做个更好的教师
You can bank on that.	你可以寄希望于此
We went to the races.	我们去看了比赛
You can't fire us.	您不能炒了我们
It's been ten years since I came to this town.	我來這個鎮有十年了
How long have you been working here?	从什么时候开始您就这里工作着的呢
Let's do it another time.	再找時間吧
Can I use your pen?	我可以用你的筆嗎
We managed to get there on time.	我們總算準時到那裡了
I like spring the best of the seasons.	春天是我最喜歡的季節
I'm afraid I wouldn't be very good company.	我恐怕不是个很好的伙伴
The story of Tom and Mary is very interesting.	汤姆和玛丽的故事真有意思
I can't understand why you are so critical of him.	我不明白为什么你这么批评他
He isn't going to buy a camera.	他不打算买一个摄像机
Who's she?	她是谁
Blenders are nice for people who really like smoothies.	攪拌機對真的喜歡冰沙的人來說很不錯
Onions cook more quickly than potatoes.	洋蔥比馬鈴薯快熟
She left her son a lot of money.	她留了很多钱给她儿子
It'll rain for sure.	绝对将要下雨
Scary movies will frighten the children.	恐怖片會嚇到小孩
He does not get up early.	他不早起
Tom was wearing an old pair of shoes.	汤姆穿着一双旧鞋
What would you say to Tom?	你要对汤姆说些什么
Fight like a man!	像男人一样战斗
The world is beautiful.	世界真美好
Something is wrong with my watch.	我的手錶壞了
How long has it been going on?	那持续了多久了
Good luck. You'll need it.	祝你好運
The traffic light turned green.	紅綠燈變成綠色了
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.	隔壁的男孩常常晚回家
I know this hasn't been easy for you.	我知道這對於你不容易
She spoke scarcely a word of English.	她几乎不说英语
Tom couldn't hold back his anger.	汤姆没法压抑自己的怒火了
The charge for a front row seat is 5 dollars.	第一排的座位
I like playing tennis.	我喜欢打网球
Did Tom say anything?	Tom	有說什麼嗎
I went camping with my family.	我和家人去露營
A true gentleman never betrays his friends.	一个真正的绅士不会出卖他的朋友
Tom didn't return my phone calls.	湯姆沒有回我的電話
I think that you ought to apologize to her.	我認為你應該跟她道歉
Did you ever try?	你试过吗
He compared his car to the new model.	他拿他的車和新款車作比較
Now is a great time to buy one of those.	现在是买它的最好时机
Even though Tom is wealthy, he's not happy.	即使汤姆很有钱
Tom is a Canadian.	汤姆是加拿大人
He absconded with the money.	他携款潜逃
The truth is that nothing is totally true or false.	真相是沒有甚麼完全正確或錯誤
He is curious about everything.	他对什么都感好奇
I no longer love you.	我不再爱你了
Tom is going to shovel the snow off the roof for us.	汤姆正要为我们铲掉屋顶上的雪
When does that start?	什么时候开始
You're kidding!	你開玩笑吧
I'll think it over carefully.	我会仔细考虑
I'm used to it by now.	我现在已经习惯它了
The car pulled up in front of the bank.	这辆车停在银行前
Are you free on Tuesday?	周二你有空吗
Three months is too short a time to finish the experiment.	要完成实验
Take a taxi to the hotel.	打的去旅馆吧
We got him to carry our bag.	我們讓他幫我們拿袋子
They have twelve children.	他们有
If someone irritates you, it is best not to react immediately.	如果有人激怒你
I can't locate the source of the problem.	我无法找到问题的根源
She studied Japanese after dinner.	晚飯後她讀日語
I really don't sing.	我真的不会唱
I'll attend the meeting.	我將參加這個會議
They won't tell us anything.	他們甚麼也不會告訴我們
I wasn't aware that Tom was sick.	我還不知道湯姆生了病
Who is going to speak tonight?	今晚谁发言
Keep it up!	坚持
Computers are certainly playing an important role in our life, whether we like it or not.	无论我们是否喜欢电脑
We don't think it's serious.	我们认为这不严肃
My brother is good at mathematics.	我哥哥擅長數學
The policemen arrested the burglar.	警察逮捕了竊賊
That should make you happy.	那该让你高兴
I've never been to New York, and my sister hasn't, either.	我从没去过纽约
You only gave me fifty cents.	你只給了我五十美分
I'll keep that book for myself.	我要把这本书留给自己
An eight-year-old car is almost worthless.	一輛車齡八年的車子幾乎是毫無價值的
I need to find somewhere to practice dancing.	我需要找個地方練舞
That's not my wife.	这不是我的妻子
I got bored with his long talk.	我厌烦了他的长篇大论
Tom didn't deny that he did that.	汤姆没有否认他做的事情
Tom was a little overweight when he was a kid.	湯姆在小时候有點超重
My father is a teacher.	我父亲是老师
We're on the third floor.	我们在三楼
My father is busy.	我爸爸很忙
The weather is good today.	今天天气很好
He was home alone at the time.	他当时一个人在家
I'll explain everything to you.	我会向你全部解释清楚的
Everybody looks up to Tom.	每个人都看向汤姆
I hope Tom will understand.	我希望汤姆能明白
I had a wonderful time.	我玩得很愉快
It's 7:45.	现在是
I'd like to attend the party.	我想要出席派对
He stretched out his arm to take the book.	他伸长了手臂为了能拿到书
It's a good idea.	这是个好主意
This is much better.	这样好多了
Are you lost?	您迷路了吗
Tom mopped the floor.	汤姆擦了地板
You'd better consult the doctor.	您最好请教一下医生
Korean food is generally very spicy.	韓國菜一般都很辣
Tom says Mary isn't tired.	湯姆說瑪麗不累
I know that Tom is tired.	我知道湯姆累
He changed schools last year.	去年他换了学校
How would you like your eggs?	请问鸡蛋要什么做法
This really is great weather.	這真的是個好天氣
My uncle made a will last year.	我叔叔去年立下了遺囑
I'm a university student.	我是个大学生
My brother is very important. At least he thinks he is.	我弟弟是個很重要的人物
Tom has come up with a good plan.	湯姆想到了個好計劃
He worked very hard.	他工作很努力
I'm in a bad mood today.	我今天的心情不好
He should have bought a used car.	他應該買一輛二手車的
He came all the way from Chicago.	他從芝加哥遠道而來了
I'm really glad you're here.	你能来我真高兴
Save yourself.	拯救你自己
He looks suspicious.	他看起来很可疑
Swimming makes your legs strong.	游泳使腿部强健
I like that singer a lot.	我挺喜欢那个歌手的
Thanks for the clarification.	感谢澄清
These scissors are suitable for left and right-handed people.	這把剪刀左右撇子都適用
I thought I could be of some help.	我認為我能幫點忙
Don't let me down.	别让我失望
I can't bear the pain.	我無法忍受這個痛苦
We go to school by bus.	我們乘公共汽車去上學
That wasn't very good.	那不太好
I'm tired of eating fast food.	我受够吃快餐了
Get down!	趴下
He does not come here every day.	他不是每天都來這
Please put on these slippers.	请穿上这双拖鞋
I've seen Tom naked.	我见过汤姆光着
I went to the zoo yesterday.	我昨天去了动物园
You've been had.	你受骗了
He's not at all afraid of snakes.	他一點也不怕蛇
I have a bad headache.	我頭疼得厲害
Use a dictionary to find the meanings of the phrases below.	用字典查出下面词组的意思
Please try again.	请再试一次
You're everything to me.	你是我的一切
Do you know Tom well?	你很了解汤姆吗
I can't follow your logic.	我跟不上你的逻辑
I want to buy a pair of pants.	我想買條褲子
I expected him to offer some help.	我期待他提供一些幫助
I prefer tea to coffee.	我喜歡茶勝過咖啡
I've never seen him in jeans.	我從來沒有看過他穿牛仔褲
Tom is our starting quarterback.	汤姆是我们的首发四分卫
We're going downtown.	我们正在去市里
I'm always forgetting people's names.	我總是忘記別人的名字
I'll wait another five minutes.	我还要等五分钟
Paper is made from wood.	纸是由木制成的
He was very busy all day.	他一整天都很忙
Are you implying something?	你是不是想暗示什么
He is afraid of death.	他害怕死亡
I would like your picture.	我想要你的照片
That boy is running.	这个男孩子在跑步
Tom's French is already rather good.	汤姆的法语已经很好了
You like classical music, don't you?	你喜歡古典音樂
You're smart.	你很聰明
She successfully got him to tell the truth.	她成功地从他口中得知了真相
Write your name and address on this envelope.	把你的姓名和地址寫在這個信封上
The boy is wearing glasses.	這個男孩戴著眼鏡
The building is under construction.	大樓正在建造
I can't deal with this problem anymore.	我不能再管这问题了
This letter is addressed to you.	這封信是寄給你
What is it that Tom wants to eat?	汤姆想吃的是什么
He told me he would go to Venice.	他告诉过我他会去威尼斯
I was a little bit nervous.	我有点紧张
Would you mind shutting the door?	請你把門關上好嗎
Will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me?	您能为我解释这句句子的意思吗
She identified him as the murderer.	她確認他是殺人兇手
Help yourself to anything you'd like to eat.	想吃什么就吃什么吧
Isn't that skirt too short?	那条裙子是不是太短了
The importance of music is underrated.	音乐的重要性被低估了
Does she know your phone number?	她知道你的電話號碼
I have a large collection of stamps.	我收集很多郵票
This is the worst movie I've ever seen.	这是我看过的最差劲的电影了
I have to stay in bed all day.	我不得不一整天都待在床上
When did she break the window?	她什麼時候打破了窗戶
There are some strange animals in the zoo.	动物园里有很多奇怪的动物
This lake is deepest at this point.	这里是湖最深的地方
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.	我们今晚会吃很多
He retired at the age of 65.	他
Tom asked if I'd found my key.	湯姆問我找到我的鑰匙了吗
You can take your time.	你可以慢慢来
He has lots of money.	他有很多钱
I don't know if Tom can help us.	我不知道湯姆能不能幚我們
He pretended to be a doctor.	他假裝是一名醫生
Shut up!	閉嘴
What's for breakfast?	早饭吃什么
She went to the movies by herself.	她獨自去看了電影
What're you eating?	在吃什么呢
He gave in.	他让步了
I could not afford to buy a bicycle.	我买不起自行车
Run like your life depends on it.	拼命地跑
You're making progress.	你在進步
I thought that was a great story.	我觉得那是个很棒的故事
My son is ten years old.	我儿子十岁了
I can read Spanish easily.	我能很輕鬆地讀西班牙文
She graduated in 1996.	她在
I bought the book yesterday.	这本书我昨天买了
How do you feel?	你感觉如何
My dad died before I was born.	我出生前
Have you given Tom the key?	你把钥匙给汤姆了吗
I'll be in my office.	我会在我的办公室里
Tom was a little late.	Tom	迟到了一小段时间
Mary wants to become a teacher.	瑪麗想成為一名教師
A boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father.	十七歲的男孩常常長得和他父親一樣高
Don't you agree?	您不同意吗
I never drink beer.	我从不喝啤酒
I'm thrilled.	我激動不已
He is as smart as any other boy in the class.	他和班上其他男生一样聪明
But I wasn't afraid.	但我没有害怕
Is this jacket right for me?	我穿這件外套好看嗎
His mother didn't want to do it.	他的母親不想做
What do you think about that?	你觉得怎么样
I've seen it.	我見過
His childlike laugh is charming.	他孩子般的笑很迷人
How much did this cost?	多少錢
He likes to travel alone.	他喜歡獨自旅行
It was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man.	他对一个生病的男人说这种事真是没良心
What do you do before breakfast?	早餐前你做什麼
I can't take the place of her as an English teacher.	我无法取代她做英语老师
I don't know any of them.	他们中的任何一位我都不认识
You should do your homework now.	你應該現在做功課
Where're you going?	你要去哪裡
Take your time. There's no rush.	慢慢來
Where are my books?	我的書在哪
He is poor.	他很穷
How much do I owe you?	我欠您多少
May I use your toilet?	我能用一下你们的厕所吗
Tom was all worn out.	湯姆完全筋疲力盡了
You'll be punished if you break the law.	如果你違反了法律
I really appreciate what you've done.	我真的很感激你所做的一切
What's the number for the Tokyo Dome?	东京巨蛋的电话号码是多少
This is a friend of mine.	這個是我的朋友
I always enjoy listening to classical music when I have some free time.	有空的时候
I think that what you're doing is wrong.	我觉得你正在做的是错的
The boy I love doesn't love me.	我爱的那个男孩不爱我
The whole class is present once a week.	全班同学每周出席一次
There's nothing else we can do.	我们没有别的事能做
She pretended that she was sick.	她假裝生病了
It is dangerous to drive so fast.	車開得這麼快很危險
He should have been a lawyer.	他本应该成为一个律师
He is not as intelligent as his brother.	他沒有他弟弟聰明
Didn't you write a letter to him?	你沒寫信給他嗎
Two hundred people died of cholera last year.	去年有两百人因霍乱死亡
I have not finished breakfast yet.	我還沒吃完早飯
That's the other reason I'm here.	那是我在这里的另外一个理由
You've gained weight, haven't you?	你的體重增加了
Let's play baseball.	我們去打棒球吧
My friends don't play tennis.	我的朋友不打網球
Would you please show me that skirt?	请你给我看一下这条裙子好吗
A fire broke out last night and three houses were burnt down.	昨晚發生了一場火災
Keep quiet!	保持安静
That child resembles his father.	那孩子和他父亲很像
Hi.	你好
I know that Tom is allergic to bees.	我知道汤姆对蜜蜂过敏
Tom wants me to join his team.	汤姆希望我加入他的团队
When will we go?	我們甚麼時候出發
What is your name?	你叫什么名字
She's asking for the impossible.	她在无理取闹
Why do you need change?	你為什麼需要零錢
Let's clear up this problem.	把问题澄清一下
On the whole, the Japanese are conservative.	总体上说
They enjoyed themselves at the party.	他們在派對上玩得很開心
What do you want to do with your life?	你想如何过完一生
Would you carry my luggage upstairs?	你可以把我的行李拿到樓上嗎
Let's talk about what you did in Boston.	让我们谈谈你在波士顿做的事
That's your opinion.	那是你的想法
The army forced him to resign.	军队强迫他辞职
This is my I.D. card.	这是我的身份证
You should've come earlier.	你應該早點來的
Then what?	那又怎樣
The monkey climbed up a tree.	猴子爬上了树
It doesn't sound like Tom.	聽起來不像湯姆
Tom demanded an explanation.	汤姆要求有人解释
Please speak more loudly.	請說話大聲一點
I am pleased with his work.	對於他的工作我很滿意
Who's your favorite actor?	你最喜歡的演員是誰
He got hurt in the game yesterday.	他昨天在這場比賽中受了傷
We know.	我们知道
Now let's get down to work.	現在讓我們開始工作
We hear with our ears.	我们用耳朵听
I didn't see anybody.	我什麼人都沒看見
It looks like you need help.	看來你需要幫助
All you have to do is to take care of yourself.	你要做的只是照顾好你自己
According to TV news, there was a plane crash in India.	根据电视新闻
I hope so.	我希望如此
He might change his mind.	他可能會改變心意
I had nothing in common with them.	我同他们没有过共同之处
I slept on the bus.	我在公交车上睡觉了
Tom had no children.	Tom	沒有孩子
Tom poured cold water over himself to wake himself up.	汤姆给自己浇凉水以清醒过来
Tom isn't going to stop.	湯姆不會停
A tiger has escaped from the zoo.	一隻老虎逃出了動物園
Can anyone drive?	有人会开车吗
I love nature.	我愛大自然
I have a frog in my throat.	我的喉嚨裡有一隻青蛙
Read this now.	现在读这个
I agree with that.	我同意
The amount of paper produced by a country is closely related to its cultural standards.	一个国家纸的产量和它的文明程度密切相关
My house is a long way from here.	我家离这儿很远
There's something I've been meaning to discuss with you.	有件事我一直想跟你商量
Children need loving.	孩子们需要关爱
We did it ourselves.	我们自己做的
I wanted to get drunk.	我想喝醉
From time to time, he goes to Tokyo on business.	他时不时地因为工作去东京
We need competent leaders.	我们需要称职的领导人
Let us go home.	让我们回家吧
He should have come.	他本该来的
How do I sign up?	我怎样报名参加呢
He told his son an interesting story.	他給他兒子講了一個有趣的故事
We know it was you that killed Tom.	我們知道昰你殺了湯姆
I feel like going to the movies.	我想去看電影
Please turn off the light.	請關燈
You don't look so good.	你看上去不太好
I think I made a mistake.	我认为我犯了个错
This message doesn't make sense.	這個消息沒有道理
I'll come to your place.	我會來你的地方
What time is it by your watch?	你表上是几点
A fox isn't caught twice in the same snare.	一只狐狸不会两次掉入同一个陷阱里
I owe you ten dollars.	我欠你
Tom wished he hadn't won.	汤姆希望他没有赢
I will wait here till he comes.	我會在這裡等直到他來
Does this belong to Tom?	这是汤姆的东西吗
Do you want me to call the police?	你想要我叫警察吗
Sit down and rest for a while.	坐下来休息一会儿
I hope you can come.	我希望你能来
Tom told me he didn't win.	湯姆告訴我他沒贏
You'd better stay in bed for a few days.	这几天你最好还是别下床
She cooked herself a good meal.	她為自己煮了好吃的一餐
May I ask some questions?	我可以問一些問題嗎
Look up the word in your dictionary.	在你的词典查一查这个词
Tom was the first to react.	湯姆是最先作出反應的
I don't like early morning meetings.	我不喜歡在清晨開的會議
Do you like movies?	你喜歡電影嗎
Please say it once more.	請再說一次
He has decided to become a teacher.	他已經決定要成為一名教師
We have to do a great deal of reading.	我们要读很多书
No one will bother you here.	這裡沒人會打擾你
I haven't seen anything.	我什麼都沒看見
Tom wanted Mary's phone number, but she refused to give it to him.	汤姆想要玛丽的电话号码但是被拒绝了
I'm not accustomed to speaking in public.	我不習慣在公眾場合說話
I was bored with his old jokes.	我厌倦了他的老笑话
It seems that something has happened.	似乎发生了什么事
Tom didn't get much sleep.	汤姆没怎么睡
We headed for the mountain cottage.	我们向山间小屋走去
You're a person.	你是人
I'll give you a ride.	我会让你搭个便车
Everybody knew Tom was good at French.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
I'm being patient.	我很有耐心
Would you like to eat lunch together?	要一起吃午餐吗
The magazine is issued twice a month.	這份雜誌每個月出刊兩次
He put on the black coat.	他穿上了黑色的外套
The plan was executed.	计划被执行了
Tom is a good guy.	Tom	是一個好人
We had a large audience.	我们有很多听众
Our flight was canceled.	我们的航班被取消了
Why are you alone?	你为什么一个人
My room is twice as big as his.	我的房間是他的兩倍大
I'll lend you my textbook.	我會借給你我的課本
Will you be here tomorrow?	你明天在这里吗
Tom is in the bathroom now.	湯姆現在在衛生間
Everyone knew Tom could speak French well.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
Do you like juice?	你喜歡果汁嗎
What is it about?	它是關於什麼
My father likes pizza very much.	我父親非常喜歡披薩
Breakfast is from seven to nine.	早餐时间在七点到九点
She's nice to me.	她對我很和善
Choose your favorite racket.	選擇你喜歡的球拍
How did you get there?	你怎麼到那的
Tomorrow I have to go shopping.	明天我得购物
The statue of Hachiko, the faithful dog, stands in front of Shibuya Station.	忠犬八公的雕像伫立在涩谷站前
I'll give you this pendant.	我會給你這個墜飾
A drunk driver was responsible for the car accident.	喝醉的驾驶员对车祸有责任
Father is out, but Mother is at home.	爸爸出去了
They're kids.	他们是孩子
He is anxious to see you.	他急於要見你
It's better to chill white wine before you serve it.	在你侍酒前最好先將白葡萄酒冷卻一下
She has a passion for cake.	她酷爱蛋糕
She speaks a little Arabic.	她说一点阿拉伯语
Give us a ride downtown.	載我們到市區
She accepted his gift.	她收下了他的礼物
The fire has gone out.	火已經灭了
The service is excellent in this hotel.	这家酒店服务很好
Frankly speaking, I don't agree with you.	实话说
I ate Tom's sandwich.	我吃了湯姆的三明治
Please take a look at this picture.	請看看這張照片
Did you find anything interesting?	你找到有趣的東西了嗎
I'll ask for directions.	我问问路
Tom is going crazy.	汤姆要发疯
I learned to live without her.	我学会了不靠她生活
The house was in flames.	房子着火了
She made out the application for admission.	她提出了入學申請
Turn on the radio, please.	請打開收音機
I've never felt better.	我从来没感觉那么好过
Visitors to Switzerland admire the Alps.	遊客到瑞士欣賞阿爾卑斯山
She looks young, but she's actually over forty.	她看起来是年轻的
He traveled all over the world.	他周遊世界各地
I should really get some sleep.	我真該睡一覺了
Tom has his own bedroom.	湯姆有他自己的房間
I usually take a shower in the evening.	我通常在晚上洗澡
When Tom woke up, he found Mary reading a book at the desk.	汤姆醒来的时候看到玛丽在书桌前看一本书
I don't really think Tom needs to do that.	我真的不认为汤姆有必要那么做
Would you like me to help you?	你要我幫你嗎
Come in, it's open.	进来
I'm delighted to see you.	我很高兴见到你
What is the matter with you?	你到底怎么回事啊
I had a really bad nightmare last night.	昨晚我做了一个可怕的噩梦
Here's something very important.	這裡有些非常重要的東西
I've invited my friends.	我邀请了我的朋友
Would you like another beer?	再来一杯啤酒怎么样
I'd like to know the exact time.	我想知道確切的時間
What do you think of it?	你觉得怎么样
She is a real beauty.	她是一位真正的美人
I'm a detective.	我是个侦探
I don't need to talk about it.	我不需要談論它
I bought many notebooks.	我买了很多笔记本
She has very nice-looking handwriting.	她的笔迹漂亮极了
I had a vision.	我有一个设想
I'm going to miss that.	我要失去它了
Tom didn't attend the meeting.	湯姆沒有参加會議
Do you share a room?	你共住一个房间吗
The city was destroyed by fire.	這個城市毀於火災
That's none of your business.	那不關你的事
Everybody laughed.	大家笑了
He has no house in which to live.	他没有房子住
Sorry, I've got my hands full now.	對不起
The sun sets earlier in the winter.	在冬天
He came in person.	他亲自来了
It's almost six o'clock.	快要六點了
What in the world are you getting at?	你到底想暗示什么
He hasn't actually been to America.	他還沒有真正去過美國
He knocked on the closed door.	他敲了敲緊閉的門
Their wedding is tomorrow.	他們明天舉行婚禮
Please give me something hot to drink.	請給我一些熱的東西喝
I think Tom is awake.	我想
Are you sure you want to do this by yourself?	你确定要自己做这事吗
I'm using a new computer.	我正在用一台新电脑
No, thank you. I've had enough.	不
I have a dog.	我有一条狗
That place's food is delicious and their prices are low. However, their location isn't good.	那家馆子物美价廉
I don't feel very well. I should go home.	我感覺不太好
Where's your brother?	你的哥哥在哪里
She said she had been happy.	她說她以前很快樂
Try again.	再試一次
This fish isn't edible.	这条鱼不能吃了
I can't make any sense of this.	我完全不明白
Tom is able to come to our party tomorrow.	汤姆明天能来我们的聚会
The bath is ready.	浴缸已經準備好了
I let Tom watch a little TV after he finished his homework.	我让
The yacht sailed around a buoy.	游艇绕浮标航行
Is Tom living in Boston?	汤姆住在波士顿吗
When we're children, everything around us looks so big.	我们小时候
Just take my word for it.	請相信我的話
We instantly became friends.	我們馬上成為了朋友
I thought Tom and Mary were crazy.	我本以为汤姆和玛丽疯了呢
She knows how to play the guitar.	她知道如何彈吉他
Tom burst into tears.	汤姆泪流满面
I want to talk to your uncle.	我想和你的舅舅谈一谈
Where is your house?	您的家在哪
Judging from his appearance, he must be a rich man.	从他的外表来看
This desk is made of wood.	这张书桌是木制的
Where will the bus pick us up?	巴士會在哪裡接我們
During the exam, Tom cheated off Mary.	在考试的时候
Please wait until I come back.	請等到我回來
They were buried in a mass grave.	他们被埋在一座大坟墓里
Can you give me a discount?	你可以给我折扣吗
Don't make trouble.	别闹事
He made his son a chair.	他做了一把椅子給他兒子
He thought up an excuse.	他编造了一个借口
I like going to watch baseball.	我喜歡去看棒球
There's something we need to talk about.	我们有些事要谈
I wish I could stop thinking about Tom.	希望我可以不再想
That is our school.	那是我们的学校
I talked with Tom.	我和汤姆说了话
I'll be at home in the morning.	我早上會在家
Some people like summer, and others like winter.	有人喜歡夏天
The bride looked very beautiful.	新娘看起來非常漂亮
When he finished speaking, everyone was silent.	他发言完后
She gets good marks in English.	她英语成绩很好
Is this your bicycle?	这是你的自行车吗
Don't enter the room without permission.	未經允許請勿進入這個房間
Why didn't you follow my advice?	你為什麼不聽我的忠告
She's dieting.	她在节食中
This is my daughter.	這是我女兒
Don't you miss anything?	难道你不想念什么吗
Would you please come again later?	請您稍後再來好嗎
I really shouldn't stay any longer.	我真的不应该再呆下去了
She's two years older than you.	她比你大兩歲
There was hardly anyone in the room.	房間裡幾乎沒有人
I'll never forget how helpful you've been.	我永远不会忘记您的帮助
I forgot the date of the meeting.	我忘了會議的日期
You are responsible for the result.	你要对结果负责
We have no chance against those top players.	我们没机会赢那些一流选手
I'm interested in palm reading.	我对掌上阅读很感兴趣
When will you go out?	你什麼時候要出去
If you came, that would be great.	要是你来得了
She likes oranges, doesn't she?	她喜歡柳橙
Did you tell on me?	你告发我了吗
Could you cook this meat a little more?	你能多烧一点这个肉吗
I am going to watch TV this evening.	今天晚上我打算看电视
Do you think he did the job on his own?	你认为他是自己独立完成这份工的吗
Would you give me a hint?	你可以给我一个提示吗
I work for an oil company.	我為一家石油公司工作
Foreigners are interesting, aren't they?	外国人真有意思
I'm not very good at swimming.	我不擅長游泳
I miss him.	我想念他
I'll treat you to sushi.	我會請你吃壽司
She was buried in her hometown.	她被安葬在她的家鄉
I didn't know what to say.	我不知道該說些什麼
Please sign here.	請在這裡簽名
The box wasn't empty.	箱子不是空的
Hurry up, or you'll miss the train.	快點
Are you and Tom leaving together?	tom	和你一起離開嗎
You should've introduced yourself to the girl.	你應該向那個女孩自我介紹的
There's no way off the island.	沒有辦法離開這個島
We should approach this problem from different angles.	我們應該用各種不同的角度看待此問題
They are high school students.	他們是高中生
He lives by himself in the woods.	他獨自住在森林裡
The phone rang.	電話正在響
The car broke down.	汽车发生故障了
Give some meat to the dog.	給這隻狗一些肉
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想考试失败
He is the chief of my department.	他是我部門的主管
My job is washing dishes.	我的工作是洗盤子
You've got to be certain.	你必须要肯定
The child will be six.	那孩子要六歲了
How did you reply?	您回答了什么
What will you use it for?	你會用它來做什麼
Tell Tom that I don't need his help.	告诉汤姆我不需要他的帮助
We had a lot of furniture.	我們有很多家具
Tom can't speak French very well.	湯姆說法語說得不太好
The girl playing the piano is my sister.	弹钢琴的女孩是我妹妹
They made their way toward the town.	他們往小鎮方向去了
My home is separated from his by a river.	我的家与他的隔着一条江
I didn't sleep well last night.	我昨晚没睡好
Let me take your blood pressure.	讓我量量你的血壓
He has no reason to be late.	他迟到没有理由
Let's go and swim in the river.	讓我們去河裡游泳吧
Even though Tom is wealthy, he isn't happy.	即使汤姆很有钱
Apart from on rainy days, I always ride my bike to work.	除了雨天
I was nine years old when I asked my mom if Santa Claus really existed.	我九岁的时候问我妈妈圣诞老人是否真的存在
I can't find my umbrella anywhere.	我任何地方都找不到我的傘
You can sit wherever you want to.	你可以坐你想坐的任何地方
I'll take your suitcase to your room.	我會把你的手提箱拿到你的房間
I'm on my way to meet Tom at the station right now.	我现在在去车站见汤姆的路上
The plane is ready.	飞机准备好了
We meet here once a week.	我们每周在这儿聚一次
If Tom can't tell me, then no one can.	如果湯姆不能告訴我
Is the customer always right?	顾客永远是正确的吗
I buy tapes.	我買磁帶
They won't come until tomorrow.	他們直到明天前不會來
Tom lives near me.	湯姆住在我的附近
Would you mind lending me your pen?	你介意借我你的筆嗎
Although I was tired, I did what I was able to do.	雖然我很累
There was a cold wind blowing from the north.	有一阵从北边吹来的冷风
Tom bought a plane ticket.	湯姆買了張機票
What time does it start?	什么时候开始
Did you forget to lock the door last night?	你昨天晚上忘了鎖門嗎
I never thought it would come to this.	我从没想过它会变成这样
Tom is afraid that somebody will see him.	湯姆怕有人看到他
You should have worked harder.	你應該要更努力的
My mother made a sweater for me.	我媽媽為我做了一件毛衣
I don't like homework.	我不喜欢作业
My opinion differs from yours.	我的看法跟你的不同
I don't want the present Tom gave me.	我不想要汤姆给我的礼物
No matter what you say, the answer is "no."	不管你說什麼
I almost didn't meet her.	我幾乎沒有遇見她
It is about time we bought a new microwave oven.	我们是时候买新的微波炉了
She can't play the piano very well.	她無法把鋼琴彈得很好
No one likes war.	没有人喜欢战争
A devastating earthquake hit the state capital.	一場毀滅性的地震襲擊了這個州的首府
The boy is full of promise.	这个男孩很有前途
I want to buy this dictionary.	我想買這本字典
I got arrested.	我被逮捕了
I really like my coworkers.	我确实喜欢我的同事
My throat feels dry.	我喉咙很干
People grow more cynical with age.	人會隨著年齡的增長而更加地玩世不恭
I must repay the debt.	我必须偿还债务
It is no use arguing with her.	和她争辩是没用的
I'd bought it the week before.	我一周前已經買了
Let me try.	让我试试
"What time is it?" "It is ten-thirty."	"	几点了
I'm afraid of dentists.	我怕牙醫
Is Tom swimming?	汤姆在游泳吗
Tom said he's considered quitting his job.	汤姆说他考虑辞职
The students have returned.	学生们回来了
The lubrication system was poorly designed.	润滑系统设计得不好
A stranger spoke to me on the bus.	在公车上
My father died before I was born.	我出生前
I need to search for my pen.	我得查找一下我的笔
I don't remember any of it.	我对这些都没有印象
His wife is quite a talented woman.	他老婆很有才
Can you drive?	您会开车吗
I want to know where they are.	我想知道他们在哪
His lectures are very long.	他的講座很長
She went to the museum by taxi.	她搭計程車去博物館了
I'd rather be with you.	我更愿意跟着你
I arrived at the village before dark.	我天黑之前到达了村庄
Nobody knows how I feel.	没人体会我的感受
Welcome to your new home.	歡迎來到你的新家
That is his house.	那是他家
I really need to read all this.	我真的需要把这都读了
The railroad is parallel to the road.	铁路与公路平行
I support political reform.	我支持政治改革
I had a telephone call from her.	她打了一通電話給我
This pamphlet is free of charge.	這本小冊子是免費的
Please remind me to mail the report tomorrow.	请提醒我明天把报告寄了
I like the way she laughs at my jokes.	我喜欢她因我的笑话而欢笑的样子
She hates green peppers.	她討厭青椒
I'll telephone you every night.	我每晚都給你打電話
I want to call my family.	我想给家人打电话
This road will take you to the museum.	這條路會引你去博物館
He drank very little of the water.	他喝很少的水
Please pass me the salt.	請把鹽遞給我
I only want one.	我只想要一件东西
The children were well looked after.	孩子们被照顾得很好
If you want it, you can have it.	如果你想要
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.	两三年就想掌握法语是很困难的
We've got another problem.	我們又遇上問題了
His parents are saving for his college education.	他的父母為他的大學教育存錢
Let's take a break now.	现在
You'd better get away from here at once.	你最好立刻離開這裡
Why is change so hard?	為什麼改變那麼難
I should do it.	我应该去做
This kind of plant grows only in the tropical regions.	這類植物只生長在熱帶地區
I was abducted by aliens.	我被外星人绑架了
He came home three hours later.	他三個小時後回家了
It is very simple.	这很简单
Do you want to dance with me?	你愿意和我跳舞吗
I know what they're going to do.	我知道他们要做什么
Does Tom have a girlfriend?	湯姆有女朋友嗎
Tom wants Mary to study harder.	汤姆想让玛丽更努力地学习
I know Tom.	我认识汤姆
Tom said Mary was hungry.	汤姆说玛丽饿了
It is dangerous to drink too much.	酒喝太多很危险
What is your opinion on this matter?	你对这件事有什么看法
Have you ever had any serious illness?	你曾经得过重病吗
Please conduct yourself with dignity.	请自重
That's my problem.	这是我的问题
She's seventeen.	她十七岁了
I am busy today.	我今天忙
The dog walked across the street.	這隻狗穿過街道
You should be careful not to become overconfident.	你要注意不要太自信
I'm actually doing quite well.	我其實做得很好
Do you know the reason?	你知道是什麼原因嗎
I didn't do it alone.	我没有独自做
A huge monster is coming down the mountain.	从山上走来一只巨大的怪物
He lives in that house over there.	他住在那邊的那間房子
That's a nice tie you're wearing.	你打了一條不錯的領帶
I didn't tell Tom what needed to be done.	我沒告訴湯姆要做甚麼
I don't like science.	我不喜欢科学
Don't be silly. I can't do it.	别犯傻
The message was in French.	这条消息是法语写的
Men should work.	男人应该工作
And what if someone sees us?	如果有人看見我們怎麼辦
I still live at my dad's place.	我還住在我父親的房子裏
I felt lonely.	我觉得很孤独
Tom is my friend.	湯姆是我的朋友
Waste not, want not.	不浪費則不匱乏
I didn't meet anyone there.	我在那裡沒遇見任何人
If you pass this test, you could graduate next month.	如果你通過這個考試
Tom counted his money.	汤姆数了他的钱
They adopted the little girl.	他们收养了那个小女孩
He tried to make his wife happy, but he couldn't.	他試著想讓他妻子開心
She discovered that she had run out of salt.	她发现她已经断盐了
Tom doesn't have the time.	汤姆没有时间
We haven't thought about it.	我们还没考虑
We should abolish the death penalty.	我们应该废除死刑
Beauty is only skin deep.	美貌只是表面性的东西
I can't believe anyone anymore.	我再也不相信任何人了
The children ran down the hill.	孩子們跑下了山丘
Tom worries a lot about money.	汤姆很担心钱的问题
I need to go to sleep.	我该去睡觉了
I know he is watching me.	我知道他在注意我
Check Tom's pulse again.	再检查一下汤姆的脉搏
I understand your feelings.	我明白你的感受
He who laughs last, laughs best.	最後笑的人
The second lesson is very simple.	第二課非常簡單
No one lived on the island at that time.	那个时候
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.	不要對人家送的禮物挑三揀四
I am quite all right now.	我一切都很好
I just need a break.	我只想休息一下
I don't know if that's what Tom wants or not.	我不知道那是不是汤姆想要的
These scissors don't cut well.	这把剪刀不好使
This is a defibrillator.	这是一个除颤器
Could you bring me some water?	你能帶給我一些水嗎
Good morning.	早上好
You're the only one who can protect them.	只有你能保护他们
The poor girl went blind.	這可憐的女孩瞎了
She made tea for me.	她给我沏了茶
I have lost my pencil.	我的鉛筆掉了
They don't teach you that in school.	學校不會教你這個
I didn't hear anyone talking.	我沒聽到任何人在說話
I don't recommend eating in that restaurant. The food is awful.	我不推荐在那家餐馆吃饭
I'm busy getting ready for tomorrow.	我正忙著為明天作準備
I want to talk to your uncle.	我想跟你叔叔談談
My parents won't let me go out with boys.	我父母不让我和男生约会
I was afraid I'd be late.	我怕我會遲到
You should practice playing the violin every day.	你應該每天練習拉小提琴
Tom got here before sunrise.	汤姆天亮前就到这了
I think so, too.	我也这么认为
I am an only child.	我是獨生子
In that case, I'll change my mind.	这样的话
You said you had important news.	你說你有重要新聞
This book is hard for me to read.	这本书对我来说很难读
Don't hesitate to ask questions.	尽管提问
He loves her. She loves him, too.	他愛她
Shakespeare is the name of a writer.	莎士比亞是一位作家的名字
How much time do you spend on Facebook?	你花多少時間在
I will only buy the car if they repair the brakes first.	除非他们事先修好刹车
Try to keep from crying.	試著不要哭
What do you base your theory on?	你的理論是以什麼為基礎
Tom knows that I want to leave as soon as possible.	湯姆知道我想盡早離開
I relaxed at home last Sunday.	我上個星期天在家裡放輕鬆
Tom isn't a racist.	汤姆不是种族主义者
You seemed surprised.	你看起来很吃惊
Tom is quite sarcastic.	汤姆真会挖苦人
What're you saying?	你在說什麼
I waited half an hour for my friend, but he didn't turn up.	我等了我朋友半個小時
Fear quickly turned into anger.	恐惧很快变成愤怒
You're the prisoner.	你是囚犯
I want a dog.	我想要一隻狗
Pass me the butter, please.	請把奶油遞給我
Nothing ever makes him angry.	沒有什麼事曾讓他憤怒
Tom, we have to talk.	汤姆
Please put on your shoes.	請穿上你的鞋子
I called her up.	我給她打電話
Grab him.	抓住他
I am not happy.	我不高兴
Tom wouldn't hurt anyone.	湯姆不會傷害任何人
I didn't know that Tom was going to be arrested.	我不知道汤姆要被逮捕了
I live on the outskirts of Tokyo.	我住在東京郊區
Tom spilled his drink on himself.	湯姆把飲料洒到了自己身上
I did nothing out of the ordinary.	我沒做不尋常的事
This book sells well.	那本書賣得很好
It is absolutely impossible to do so.	絕對不可能這樣做的
Tell us what to do next.	告訴我們下一步該怎麼做
The carpenter brought his tools along.	木匠带著工具
The moonlight is beautiful.	月光真美
I don't feel like eating anything today.	我今天不想吃东西
I'm sorry she's not here.	對不起
The election was unanimous.	选举一致通过了
He may have taken the wrong train.	他可能搭錯火車了
Come in, the door's open.	進來
The Colombian government demanded more money.	哥伦比亚政府要了更多的钱
You must get this homework finished by the day after tomorrow.	你必須在後天以前完成回家作業
I had lost my pen.	我弄丟了我的筆
My friend invited me to go out to dinner.	我的朋友邀請我去吃晚餐
My father insisted on our waiting for the train.	我的父親堅持要我們等火車
My hobby is collecting old bottles.	我的嗜好是收集舊瓶子
If you can't make it, call us as soon as possible.	如果你做不到
You can eat whatever you like.	你可以吃你喜歡的東西
Tom said he thought he should study French.	湯姆說他認為他該學法語
My aunt gave me an album.	我姑姑給了我一本集郵冊
I believed you.	我相信了你
We don't trust Tom.	我们不相信汤姆
My brother goes to college in Tokyo.	我兄弟在東京上大學
My whole family's from Boston.	我全家來自波士頓
That shouldn't be hard for you.	那对你来说应该不难
Are they treated fairly?	他们受到公正对待了吗
Do Japanese people eat sushi every day?	日本人每天都会吃寿司吗
Please keep an eye on my suitcase.	請留神看著我的手提箱
Are you interested in foreign languages?	你们对外语感兴趣吗
Why did you come home so late?	你為什麼這麼晚回家
You don't need to worry.	你不必著急
Mary is very cute, isn't she?	马力很可爱
He's a tennis player.	他是个网球球手
We met in a coffee shop near the campus.	我們在校園附近的咖啡廳碰面
There's no sugar.	没有糖
You were late, weren't you?	你遲到了
He will be free tomorrow.	他明天有空
Should I go?	我该去吗
Does anyone want coffee?	有人要咖啡吗
Come what may, I won't change my opinion.	無論如何
I agree completely.	我完全同意
My idea is different from yours.	我的想法与你不同
You must be mentally exhausted.	你肯定脑子糊掉了
The company will soon go bankrupt.	公司很快就要倒闭了
Which do you prefer, tea or coffee?	你比較喜歡哪一個
I'm almost sure of it.	我幾乎能確定
That woman is much older than I am.	那女人比我老很多
He brought us sad news.	他给我们带来了令人难过的消息
He had to stay in bed.	他得卧床休息
I didn't ask Tom to come here.	我没让汤姆来这里
English is just one of over 2,700 languages in the world today.	今天
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the end of the meeting.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
Could you stop saying that?	你能不说了吗
Someone is watching.	有人在监视
You can't do two things at once.	你不能一心两用
Are you sure that's what you want?	你確定那是你想要的嗎
He has over a million dollars in assets.	他有超过一百万美元的资产
How can you afford a place like this?	我們怎麼付得起這種地方的錢
She got married in her teens.	她十幾歲時就結婚了
We must make a new start.	我們必須重新開始
Nobody was there.	谁也不在那里
If you get sleepy, let me know.	困了的话就说哦
Take a book and read it.	拿本书读
Will you mail this letter for me?	你可以幫我寄這封信嗎
Will ten thousand yen do?	一萬日元夠嗎
She got very angry with her children.	她对她的孩子非常生气
You want to be excused from doing that, don't you?	你想通过做那件事而得到原谅是吗
Get off your high horse, Tom.	别那么趾高气扬
Where does it hurt?	哪裡痛
Boston is a wonderful city.	波士顿是一座非常好的城市
I think that I drank too much.	我想我喝得太多了
You know very well what I want.	你很清楚我想要什么
She laughed at the sight of his hat.	看到他的帽子
This park reminds me of my childhood.	来到这个公园会让我想起自己的童年
That's not fair.	那是不公平的
My hand was burned.	我的手烧伤了
Waiter, I'd like to order.	服务生
She has the large house to herself.	她給自己一間大房子
Your parents loved you very much.	你的父母很愛你
Why are the police here?	为什么这有警察
Don't interrupt our conversation.	不要打斷我們的談話
The old man was almost hit by a car.	老人幾乎被車撞上
If I've misjudged you, I'm terribly sorry.	如果我对你产生误解
What are you reading now?	你現在在讀甚麼
What does that gentleman do for a living?	那位先生靠什么生活
None of my classmates live near here.	我没有一个同学住在这儿附近
He has a large family to support.	他有一大家子要養
I can't finish the job in so short a time.	我無法在這麼短的時間內完成這份工作
He had a smile on his face.	他面帶笑容
They acted on the information.	他们根据情报采取行动
I was worried about his health.	我担心他的健康
I knew Tom would be a good basketball coach. That's why I hired him.	我知道汤姆会成为一位优秀的篮球教练
It's a pity that you can't join us.	你不能和我們一起來真可惜
I'm blessed with good health.	我很幸運有健康的身體
I don't know his address.	我不知道他的地址
He denies having broken the window.	他否認打破了窗口
How deep is the hole?	這個洞多深
My brother died of cancer last year.	我弟弟去年死於癌症
What does your aunt do?	你姑姑是做什麼的
I think we need a doggy bag.	看來我們得打包了
Don't go above the speed limit.	不要超速
I heard you.	我聽你的
You drink too much coffee.	你咖啡喝得太多了
I was thinking that as well.	我也是這麼想的
I really do want that.	我真的很想要它
That was a beautiful moment.	那是個美好的瞬間
Fish and red wine don't go together.	魚和紅酒不合
The moon was full last night.	昨晚月亮圆
You're a woman.	你是个女人
He held a package under his arm.	他挾著一個包裹
As soon as he saw a policeman, he ran away.	他一看见警察就逃走了
We studied English.	我们学了英语
Tom took a step back and fell.	湯姆後退一步跌倒了
My uncle has lived in Paris for ten years.	我叔叔在巴黎住了十年
Stop staring.	别再盯着了
We owe you an apology.	我们欠你个道歉
Frankly speaking, he's wrong.	坦率地说
I've been wanting to see that movie for a long time.	我想看那电影想好久了
She rarely goes out on Sundays.	她星期日很少出門
Tom is kind to everybody.	汤姆对每个人都好
He was sitting between Mary and Tom.	他坐在瑪麗和湯姆之間
I'm a vegetarian.	我是素食主义者
She took the entrance exam yesterday.	她昨天參加了入學考試
Why did she do that?	为什么她要做这种事情呢
I always keep my promises.	我總是信守我的承諾
Nobody's sitting here.	这个座位没人
What's in this bag?	這個袋子裡是什麼
No one will talk.	没人会讲
This cake tastes like it has cheese in it.	这块蛋糕尝起来有奶酪的味道
I had difficulty working out the problem.	我很難解決這個問題
I always go to school on foot.	我總是走路到學校
Tom failed to persuade Mary.	汤姆没能说服玛丽
We captured the thief.	我们抓住了小偷
I'm on my way.	我这就上路
I thought Tom would be worried.	我以为汤姆会感到担心
Plastic does not burn easily.	塑料不易燃烧
I hope I can see you soon.	我希望很快就能見到你
Scientists can easily compute the distance between planets.	科學家們可以很容易地計算出行星之間的距離
Stop whining.	别再埋怨了
It's not far from here to there.	离这里不远
I don't know when I need to be there.	我不知道什么时候要在那里
We work every day but Sunday.	我們除了週日每一天都工作
To my astonishment, my money was gone.	令我惊讶的是
Tom's cellphone rang.	Tom	的手機響了
I'm an honest person.	我是个老实人
The road runs parallel to the river.	這條路與河流平行
Let's take a trip to New York.	去纽约旅行吧
Hurry up, and you will be in time for the bus.	快点
There is a man at the door who wants to see you.	门口有个男人想见你
Give me your telephone number.	给我你的电话号码
Can you pass me the milk?	可以把牛奶递给我吗
Why are you crying?	你为什么哭
He is in trouble.	他有麻烦
A little bird told me.	我听传闻说的
I didn't tell the whole truth.	我沒說出全部的真相
She can play the piano very well.	她可以把鋼琴彈得很好
You're always busy.	你一直忙
I saw him at the station a few days ago.	几天前我在站看到了他
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?	你知道伦敦交响乐团的演奏会行程吗
You have to wait for the next bus.	你得等下一班公車
Tom doesn't understand this.	湯姆不明白這事
I have no doubts.	我没有疑问
This stuff is worth its weight in gold!	這個東西很有價值
I don't need anything.	我什么都不需要
She has an eye for antiques.	她看古董的眼光很好
Have you tasted the rice?	你尝过米饭了吗
You've told Tom, haven't you?	你告诉汤姆了
I helped my mother in the kitchen.	我在廚房裡幫媽媽
I heard the phone ring.	我聽到電話響了
She cried when she heard the news.	當她聽到這個消息的時候
I don't know when he's coming.	不知道他什么时候来
I know I heard something.	我知道我听到了什么
Tom sat down.	汤姆坐下了
History repeats itself.	歷史自會重演
Are you feeling better now?	你觉得好些了吗
What's wrong? You don't look too happy.	怎么了
Meet me there.	在那裡見我
Do you want any of these flowers?	你要這些花中的任何一朵嗎
I don't know where you want to go.	我不知道你要去哪
Are you sure that Tom is in Australia now?	你确定汤姆现在在澳洲吗
Tom looked around and realized he was lost.	汤姆环顾四周
Edison invented many useful things.	愛迪生發明了許多有用的東西
Could I see you a minute, please?	讓我看你一會兒好嗎
I'll call you tomorrow morning.	明天早上我會打電話給你
I don't have classes today.	我今天沒課
Where are you guys going?	你们去哪里
The school will provide tents for us.	学校会提供帐篷给我们
You smoke far too much. You should cut back.	你吸太多煙了
I wish I could go to the party with you.	我希望我能和你一起参加派对
Small businesses will have to tighten their belts to survive.	中小企业要勒紧裤带才能存活
I have two cars.	我有两辆车
I'll alert Tom.	我会警告汤姆
A great number of books are published every year.	每年都有大量新书出版
Aren't you looking for work?	你还在找工作吗
She's fond of taking pictures.	她喜欢拍照片
I forgot it in the garage.	我把它忘在车库里了
He was covered with mud.	他身上满是泥
I'm starting to dislike her.	我开始不喜欢她了
Sports are good for your health.	运动有益健康
We moved our bags to make room for the elderly lady to sit down.	我們移走了行李騰出空間讓老太太可以坐下
What's the price?	多少錢
There were two bridges.	那里有两座桥
I asked Tom to close the door.	我要求湯姆關門
What do you usually eat for lunch?	你一般中午饭吃什么
I am interested in English.	我对英语感兴趣
Why worry about it?	為什麼要擔心
You'd better go by bus.	你最好坐公共汽車去
It can't be!	这不可能
The girl wore a yellow ribbon in her hair.	那女孩的头发上绑了一根黄丝带
There's not a cloud in the sky.	天上没有云
I want to go to school.	我想去学校
I also went.	我也去了
I was surprised by his perseverance.	我对他的坚持感到很惊讶
What did you say your name was?	你說你叫什麼名字
What is the theme of his latest novel?	他最后一本小说的主题是什么
He was aware that I was around, but didn't come to greet me.	他注意到我在場
Rabbits have long ears and short tails.	兔子长着长长的耳朵和短短的尾巴
He wishes to become a doctor.	他希望成為一名醫生
There are strawberries in my bag.	我的袋子裡有草莓
I've got wine.	我有酒
I can hear you, but I can't see you.	我听得见你
I'm going to Europe next week.	我下週要去歐洲
I have a dictionary.	我有個字典
We ate sandwiches for breakfast.	我們早餐吃了三明治
The leaves fell to the earth.	树叶掉在地上
She burned her left hand.	她的左手被燙到了
She asked him to open the window.	她要求他打開窗戶
This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve.	这个问题让小学生解决太难了
Tom has lost his keys.	湯姆遺失了他的鑰匙
My daughter caught a cold.	我的女儿感冒了
Above all, be patient.	尤其是要有耐心
They will arrive a week from today.	他們將於下個星期的今天抵達
Turn the radio down a little.	把收音機的聲音關小一點
This is Tom's car.	這是湯姆的車
I can't fall asleep.	我睡不着觉
I invited my neighbor to breakfast.	我請我的鄰居來吃早飯
"Is he going to swim tomorrow?" "Yes, he is."	"	他明天會去游泳嗎
I saved your life.	我救了你一命
What'll actually happen is anyone's guess.	誰也說不準實際上將會發生什麼事
There's no more salt.	没盐了
A dolphin is a mammal.	海豚是哺乳動物
More money for education will spur economic growth.	更多投資在教育的錢將會刺激經濟成長
Tom didn't show me anything.	湯姆甚麼也沒給我看
I don't use taxis unless it's absolutely necessary.	如无必要我也不会打的
I can talk about anything with my best friend.	我能跟我最好的朋友說任何事
I want to eat pizza tonight.	我今晚想吃些批萨
There's nothing I wouldn't do for Tom.	没有我不会给汤姆做的事
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.	我要知道汤姆为什么要我们那样做
We swam until it got dark.	我們游泳到天黑
You remind me of a boy I used to know.	你让我想起我过去认识的一个男孩
I met her late in the evening.	我在深夜遇見了她
You're too drunk to drive.	你酒喝得太醉了不能開車
I won the lottery.	我中奖了
She was appointed chairperson.	她被任命為主席
I go to the library two or three times a week.	我一週去圖書館兩
For the other 600 million people, English is either a second language or a foreign language.	對於其他的六億人口而言
I need you to help me find Tom.	我需要你幫我找湯姆
Where can we make a phone call?	我们能在哪儿打电话
I remember having seen her somewhere.	我记得好像在哪里见过她
I'm glad I could help you.	能够出一份力太好了
Do you take pride in your work?	你为你的工作感到自豪吗
Compared to Tokyo, London is small.	和东京比
What are the chances of that happening?	发生这种情况的几率多大
Tom is very good at doing things with his hands.	汤姆善于用手做事
I am grateful to you for inviting me to the party.	謝謝你邀我參加派對
He is the baby of the family.	他是家里的宝贝
He was drowned.	他被淹死了
I know you think I'm crazy.	我知道你覺得我瘋了
Tom needs to see you in ten minutes.	湯姆需要在十分鍾內見到你
She has very nice-looking handwriting.	她的筆跡很美
My uncle gave me a present.	我叔叔给了我一份礼物
I'll stop by the post office on the way home.	我会在回家的路上顺便去邮局
There are many people in the park.	公园里有很多人
About how much will I have to pay for all the treatments?	所有的医药费我大概要付多少
Tom gave us everything we needed.	汤姆把我们需要的一切都给我们了
Could you show me this bag?	你能給我看看這個包嗎
Your question doesn't have an answer.	你的问题没有答案
It looks like Tom has bought a new bicycle.	看來湯姆借了輛自行車
He is the man you met the other day.	他是你前些时候见过的那个人
I don't think Tom is going to be too much help.	我认为汤姆帮不上大忙
Tom hasn't lost his confidence.	湯姆還沒有失去信心
Please eat something.	请吃点菜
I didn't want to listen to Tom singing.	我不想聽湯姆唱歌
Are you a reporter?	你是记者吗
He has a large family to support.	他要撫養一大家人
Don't come into my room.	不要進入我的房間
I have known her for five years.	我已經認識她五年了
Tom suggested that I change the lock on my door.	汤姆建议我换我的门锁
You should do that as often as you can while you're still young.	趁你还年轻的时候
It's not going to be long.	不會花很多時間的
Someone stole my laptop computer.	有人把我的筆記本電腦偷掉了
That's not important to me.	那对我不重要
That just doesn't make sense to me.	那只是對我來說沒有意義
I play in a band.	我在一個樂團裡演奏
Were you busy?	您当时在忙吗
The map is on the wall.	地图挂在墙上
It's nice to have friends.	有朋友真好
I don't want to open the window.	我不想打开窗户
I don't think this rain will let up anytime soon.	我看这雨还会下一阵子
I want to see the movie.	我想看这部电影
I got her to clean my room.	我讓她把我的房間弄乾淨
Tom said he'd never been to Boston.	汤姆说他从来没去过波士顿
Your socks stink.	你的袜子好臭
Someone pushed me inside.	有人推我到裡面
The company suffered a loss of one billion yen last year.	那家公司去年亏损了
Mary plays the piano.	瑪麗彈鋼琴
See you about 7.	我们
She's my sister.	她是我的姊妹
His story sounds true.	他的故事聽起來是真的
He is not interested in art at all.	他對藝術一點也不感興趣
Sumo is a traditional Japanese sport.	相扑是日本传统的体育活动
On my way home, I met him.	我在回家的路上遇見了他
I trust him.	我信赖他
We have run out of cream.	我们没奶油了
It's a sunflower.	那是一朵向日葵
Tom won't let you in his house.	汤姆不会让你进他的屋子
She isn't at home now.	她現在不在家
It makes no sense whatsoever.	无论如何说不通
Your watch is more expensive than mine.	你的手表比我的贵
Do you own a gun?	你拥有枪支吗
Tokyo is a big city.	东京是一个很大的城市
Who's going to clean up tonight?	今晚谁要打扫
I want to take part.	我要参与
The weather turned better.	天氣轉好了
I'm going to stop trying to be friendly with you.	我不跟你要好了
How long ago was that?	多久以前
One of us has to go.	我们中的一个得走
We raced toward the fire.	我們急忙跑向火
Don't forget your money.	不要忘记您的钱
Don't drop this cup.	不要掉了这个杯子
When will you leave?	你什么时候离开
Everybody knows his name.	每個人都知道他的名字
Let me give you a lift as far as the station.	讓我送你到車站吧
Why do you want to know what I'm thinking?	為什麼你想知道我在想什麼
My father is in good health.	我父亲身体很健康
It still could happen.	它仍可能会发生
I like everything you do.	我喜歡你做的任何事
What are you going to do today?	你今天要做什麼
The history class starts at nine.	历史课九点开始
Tom closed his eyes and began to count sheep.	汤姆闭上了眼睛开始数羊
There's nothing to be afraid of.	没什么好怕的
I wish I knew where he was!	但願我知道他在哪裡
How long does it take to walk to the station?	走着去火车站要多久
Please fill the teapot with boiling water.	請用開水把茶壺灌滿
I've been careful my whole life.	我一生都谨慎行事
This book will be printed next year.	这本书明年要出版
I like rugby, but not as much as I like basketball.	我喜欢橄榄球
I think you're quite right.	我認為你說得很對
I am a student in a university.	我是个大学生
She is going to Chiba Stadium.	她將去千葉球場
Could you please pass me the pepper?	請你把胡椒遞給我好嗎
Can Tom help us?	汤姆可以帮我们吗
I should obey.	我應該服從
Your shoes are here.	你的鞋在这儿
Tom did it again.	汤姆又做了一次
Mt. Fuji can be seen from here.	從這裡可以看到富士山
How far is it from the airport to the hotel?	從機場到旅館多遠
I haven't had much sleep lately.	我最近没怎么睡觉
Some people eat sushi with their hands.	一些人用手吃寿司
I'd take it as a sign.	我会把它看作一个征兆
Had he known what was about to happen, he would have changed his plan.	要是他知道会发生什么
Remember Tom's advice.	记住汤姆的建议
I am a translator.	我是个翻译
What's the problem with your computer?	你的电脑有什么问题
I think Mary is very attractive.	我认为玛丽很有吸引力
What was the cause of the explosion?	爆炸的原因是什么
It rained yesterday.	昨天下雨了
He dressed up as a woman.	他打扮得像女人一樣
Dinosaurs became extinct a very long time ago.	恐龍在很久以前滅絶了
Which goes faster, a ship or a train?	船和火车哪个跑得快
Her hair is streaked with gray.	她的頭髮中夾有白髮
People who will lie for you, will lie to you.	会为你说谎的人
Tom told me that he was coming back.	湯姆告訴我他正在回來
Isn't this what Tom asked for?	这不是汤姆要的吗
Stand back!	往后站
I'm impatient.	我是个急性子
Old people often talk to themselves.	老人時常自言自語
Turn on the radio.	打开收音机
You can't have it both ways.	既要马好
Tom helped me with the move.	汤姆帮我搬了家
That is all I know about him.	这就是我关于他知道的一切
It is extremely hot and humid in Bali in December.	12	月份巴厘岛极其炎热和潮湿
They were all dressed in uniforms.	他们都穿着制服
If you feed your dog properly, you can increase his lifespan.	合理地喂狗可以延长宠物寿命
I can understand you to some extent.	在某種程度上我能了解你
Is the post office still closed?	邮局还关着门吗
Look what I made for you.	看我为你做了什么
It is me that is wrong.	是我错了
This noise is driving me crazy.	這個噪聲快把我逼瘋了
Tom was conservative.	汤姆过去很保守
Do you know much about art?	你對藝術很瞭解嗎
I want ten plates.	我要十個盤子
Where are you going to take me?	你們要帶我去哪
Tom speaks French fluently.	湯姆的法語說的很流暢
There's a letter for you.	你有一封信
"Do you speak German?" "No, I don't."	"	你說德語嗎
Could you please repeat what you just said?	您可以再重复一遍刚才说的话吗
Have you been fired?	你曾經被開除過嗎
The weather looks good today.	今天天气好像不错
Are you busy now?	現在你們忙嗎
He gave it to me for nothing.	他免費把它給了我
Mary paid five dollars for her lunch.	玛丽用
I didn't know he drank so much.	我不知道他喝那么多酒
What do you think I should wear on my date tomorrow?	你觉得我明天约会穿什么好呢
Can I call you Tom?	我可以叫您汤姆吗
He had an accident at work.	他在工作中出了意外
Tom was sent back to Boston.	汤姆被送回了波士顿
Tom had no reason to be angry.	汤姆没有动怒的理由
I'll get you whatever you want.	我會給你任何你想要的東西
They want this.	他們想要這個
I am not stupid.	我不是笨蛋
Weather permitting, we will leave in an hour.	如果天气允许的话
She wants to know who sent the flowers.	她想知道是谁送的花
Tom went there to learn French.	汤姆去那里学法语
Turn up the TV.	把电视声音调大点儿
Tell me what you have in your hand.	告诉我你手里有什么
I want to go to a foreign country someday.	将来我要去国外旅游
I agree with your opinion about taxes.	我同意你對於稅的意見
Have you decided what you want to order?	您决定好要下订单了吗
Exercise is good for your health.	体育有益健康
I used to have a friend named Tom.	我曾有个朋友叫汤姆
It's almost Christmas.	聖誕節快到了
Yesterday was cloudy.	昨天是多雲
Can you come for dinner tonight?	你今天晚上能來吃飯嗎
She made a lot of spelling mistakes.	她犯了很多拼寫錯誤
That rumor soon spread.	那个谣言很快传播开来
Here is your bag.	你的袋子在這裡
I always dreamed of being a billionaire.	我總是梦想著成為億萬富翁
Do you want to die here?	你想死在這裡嗎
I want to be the one who decides.	我想成为决策的人
Call me tomorrow.	明天打电话给我
I've been going out with her for months.	我和她交往幾個月了
There's a book about dancing on the desk.	桌子上有一本关于舞蹈的书
Clean the dirt off the mirror.	清理鏡子上的灰塵
We arrived here at six yesterday evening.	昨天晚上六点钟我们来到了这里
So far everything has been going well.	直至目前為止一切都很順利
Close the door, please.	请关门
Come on in.	进来
I came to warn you not to do that.	我来警告你别那样做
Everyone admires the pictures painted by him.	每個人都很欣賞他所畫的圖畫
I get a kick out of her cheerful personality.	她開朗的個性使我覺得快樂
She waved at me before she got on board the plane.	她上飞机前
She's a glamorous girl.	她是个迷人的女孩子
My father bought a new car.	我的父親買了一輛新車
I wish I hadn't bought this.	我不該買了這東西
I helped my mother wash the dishes.	我幫媽媽洗碗了
Would you please wait for a minute?	請你等一下好嗎
Unfortunately the telephone was out of order.	不幸的是電話壞了
Children need a lot of sleep.	孩子們需要大量的睡眠
Let's have dinner together.	一起吃晚饭吧
The accident's only survivor was a baby.	这场灾难的唯一幸存者是一个婴儿
Is this for sale?	这是要卖的东西吗
A DNA test showed he was innocent.	DNA	检测表明
My father works at a factory.	我父亲在工厂工作
We're spending the night at my uncle's house.	我们睡在我舅舅家
The boy made fun of the girl.	這個男孩取笑了這個女孩
With her help, my French improved little by little.	在她的帮助下
The button came off.	這顆鈕扣脫落了
Did you get your wish?	你如願以償了嗎
Give me the book.	把书给我
Where would you like to go next?	你下一步想去哪裡
He broke the window on purpose.	他故意打破了窗戶
Buddhism had its beginnings in India.	佛教起源於印度
Cross out the incorrect words.	划掉错误的单词
I don't know for certain.	我不太確定
How long will the train stop here?	火车要在这里停多久
Try not to forget anything.	尽量别忘掉任何事
It's cool this morning, isn't it?	今天上午很涼爽
The rope wasn't strong enough to support him.	绳子不够牢固
I want to see you again.	我希望再次見到你
There is a cat in the kitchen.	廚房裡有一隻貓
I stay at home on Sundays.	我星期天在家
My sister usually walks to school.	我妹妹通常走路上學
None of this would've been necessary if we'd followed Tom's advice.	如果我们照了汤姆的话去做这一切都是没必要的
It is rude of him not to give me a call.	他不打电话给我真是无礼
It cost him 50 dollars to rent a car in Hawaii.	他花了
I took a day off last week.	上週我休了一天的假
Everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time.	房间里的所有人都同时看了看自己的手表
What exactly happened to you?	你到底怎么回事啊
Please turn on the radio.	请将收音机打开
Learning foreign languages is boring.	學外文很無聊
The children haven't studied division yet.	孩子們還沒上過除法
The strong wind indicates that a storm is coming.	強風暗示著即將到來的暴雨
This tea is very good.	这杯茶很好喝
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and the others are red.	我花园里的一部分玫瑰是白色的
She is leaving for America tonight.	她今晚離開去美國
Sometimes things that happen do not make sense.	有时候
Do you have a lot of money with you?	你身上有很多钱吗
I'm unmarried.	我單身
I'll do anything.	我会做任何事
Millions were affected that day.	那天有數百萬人受影響
You're too generous.	你太大方了
I can swim well.	我游泳可以游得很好
What were you up to last night?	你昨天晚上做什麼
He left Africa forever.	他永遠地離開非洲了
I'm tired of dancing.	我厭倦了跳舞
That pasture is ten acres.	那個牧場有十英畝大
We're traveling on a tight budget.	我們用少的預算旅行
I didn't know that he was Japanese.	我不知道他是日本人
I got slapped on both cheeks.	我两个脸颊都被打了
I can't believe you love me.	我不能相信你愛我
Lift your right arm.	舉起你的右臂
We'll begin tomorrow morning.	我們明天上午開始
He is good at baseball.	他垒球打得很好
Can I have the menu again, please?	麻煩讓我再看看菜單好嗎
Smoking is prohibited on the train.	在火車上禁止吸煙
The law should not be violated.	法律不應受到侵犯
Mommy, may I go swimming?	媽咪
His store is always crowded with customers.	他的店總是擠滿了顧客
How long have you been in Japan?	你去了日本多久
Many people are still missing.	很多人依旧失踪
Please call the police.	叫警察
Do you know how to use this?	你知道怎么使用吗
Tom seems to be easygoing.	湯姆看來隨和
We knew it all along.	我们一开始就知道
Let's order two bottles.	咱们点两瓶吧
I can't afford a car.	我買不起車子
I want to talk with your uncle.	我想跟你叔叔談談
I have to return this book to the library today.	我今天得把这本书还给图书馆
Don't play baseball in the park.	不要在公园玩垒球
Maybe they have something.	他们可能有点什么
I have the key to the safe.	保险箱的钥匙在我这儿
He painted the door over white.	他把門漆成了白色
It's you I've come for.	我是为你来的
Mary prefers to dye her hair blonde.	玛丽更想把头发染成金色
Let me introduce myself.	請允許我自我介紹一下
Tom managed to find a new job.	汤姆找到了新工作
His room was covered with dust.	他的房間佈滿了灰塵
Were you fat when you were in high school?	你在高中的时候胖吗
May I eat something?	我可以吃點什麼嗎
Tom said Mary should do that now.	汤姆说玛丽应该现在行动
It's obvious that she's sick.	顯然地她生病了
I attached my signature to the document.	我簽署了文件
I don't want to go alone.	我不想独自前往
She greeted me with a big smile.	她面帶大大的笑容向我招呼
No pain, no gain.	一分耕耘
Are you busy?	你忙嗎
We need to talk about that as soon as possible.	我們需要盡早談論那件事
Is that the station?	那是車站嗎
This is a very beautiful flower.	這是一朵非常美麗的花
You have too many books on the shelf.	你書架上的書太多了
Because there was traffic, I was late to the meeting.	因为堵车
I can eat anything but onions.	除了洋葱我什么都可以吃
This has nothing to do with me.	此事与我无关
The flag is up.	旗子升起了
These kinds of mistakes are easy to overlook.	这种错误很容易被人忽视
The equator divides the globe into two hemispheres.	赤道把地球分为两个半球
He seems to have told a lie.	他似乎已經說了謊
How long did you stay?	你待了多久
There is something wrong with my car.	我的車子有問題
Why did you cry so much?	你為甚麼哭得這麼厲害
I lost my way in the forest.	我在树林里迷路了
I don't know when he will come.	我不知道他什么时候会来
The old man lived there by himself.	這個老人獨自住在那裡
Everybody knows that I don't like Tom.	每個人都知道我不喜歡湯姆
You can sit wherever you want.	你可以坐你想坐的任何地方
She looks young, but in reality she's over 40.	她看起来是年轻的
I'll come back.	我要回来了
She remained silent all day.	她一整天都沉默不语
I heard the children's happy voices.	我聽到孩子們開心的聲音
It took me three days to read through this book.	它花了我三天时间去阅读这本书
There was nothing I could do at that time.	当时我什么都不能做
What is it?	它是什么
She seems to be very ill.	她看來病得严重
Are you sure you don't want me to say anything?	你确定要我什么都不说
It would be better if you stayed here a little longer.	你最好在這裡待久一點
What did you major in at college?	你大學時主修什麼
Are you satisfied now?	你現在滿意了嗎
A rolling stone gathers no moss.	滚石不生苔
Is that better?	那更好吗
The Seine flows through Paris.	塞纳河穿越了巴黎
Wash up.	去清洗一下
Turn the volume up so that the students at the back can hear.	声音大声一点
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.	開車很好玩
You were late for work.	你上班迟到了
Should we be worried?	我們應該要擔心嗎
English is spoken in Singapore.	在新加坡的人說英語
My car's not red. It's blue.	我的汽車不是紅色的
Go away.	走開
You had better not start until they arrive.	你最好不要在他們來之前開始
I objected to his paying the bill.	我反對他付帳單
My mother made me a sweater.	我媽媽為我做了一件毛衣
Keep going.	继续吧
I saw five men.	我看见五个男人
My leg was bitten by that dog.	我的腿被那隻狗咬了
He threw a rock into the pond.	他扔一塊石頭到池塘裡
Why were you late this morning?	今天早上你為什麼遲到了呢
You must start immediately.	你必须马上开始
The war began three years later.	三年後戰爭開始了
We got permission to park here.	我們有在這裡停車的許可
I know where she is.	我知道她在哪里
The young girl burst into tears.	這個年輕的女孩淚流滿面
How much money do you donate every year?	你每年捐多少钱
My room is three times as large as yours.	我的房間是你的三倍大
She continued with the work.	她繼續工作
Tom doesn't have time.	汤姆没有时间
Tom will be there, won't he?	汤姆会在那里
Do you know when she will come?	你知道她什麼時候會來嗎
We will have learned English for five years next year.	到明年我们学英语就有
Tom is your age.	汤姆与你年龄相仿
I want to stay here longer.	我想在这里再待一会
He gave correct answers to the questions.	他對這個問題給了正確的答案
They're always complaining.	他們總是抱怨
Get me some towels from the bathroom.	给我从浴室拿几条毛巾来
He hit the ball with his racket.	他用他的球拍擊球
Tom is happy.	湯姆高興
Tom talked with Mary yesterday.	汤姆昨天和玛丽说话了
Fashion isn't my specialty.	时装不是我的天分
It's not as hard as you think.	那个没你想象的那么难
I watched the game from beginning to end.	那场比赛
He listened with his ear to the door.	他把耳朵貼在門上聽
Swimming is easy for me.	游泳對我來說很容易
Listen.	听着
He lives in a world of fantasy.	他住在一個奇幻世界裡
Has he met them today?	他今天見他們了嗎
I've heard that name somewhere before.	我在别处听过那个名字
My whole body is sore.	我全身酸痛
May I have something hot to drink?	我可以喝一點熱的東西嗎
Whatever she says is true.	她说的每句话都是事实
I slept just two hours.	我只睡了两小时
Why are you busy today?	你今天为什么忙
The party was put off for a week.	派对延期了一周
There aren't any medicines that can cure this disease.	没有药物能够治疗这种疾病
We went to the beach last week.	我们上周去了海滩
I hope everything will be fine in the end.	我希望最后一切都好
He avenged his father's death.	他為他父親的死報仇
Leave more space between the lines.	行与行之间多留些空间
I totally agree.	我完全同意
When Tom found out about that, he was furious.	当汤姆发现这件事时
You can't buy happiness.	幸福是买不到的
Be careful with it.	当心它
The library is closed on Sundays.	图书馆周日不开门
You are irresistible.	你是不可抗拒的
Is that a picture of me?	那是我的照片嗎
It's just a dream.	只是一场梦而已
Tom put down his pencil.	汤姆放下他的铅笔
He got a good grade in mathematics.	他數學得了一個好成績
I had no idea there'd be this many people here.	我没想到这里有这么多人
Why are you accusing my son?	您为什么指责我儿子
The blouse costs twelve libras.	这件衬衫卖十二英镑
I had a long talk with her.	我和她有一段長談
I won't need any help.	我不需要任何帮助
Do we have milk in the fridge?	我们冰箱里有牛奶吗
Tom has a good head on his shoulders.	汤姆脑瓜灵
"I never thought Tom would win." "Me neither."	“	我没想到汤姆会赢
Congratulations!	恭喜
No matter what happens, I'll keep my promise.	不管发生什么
I'm tired of listening to Tom.	我厌倦了听汤姆说话
They now have three kids.	现在他们有三个孩子
Everyone wanted a piece of the cake.	每个人都想分一点蛋糕
Tom fed his leftovers to his dog.	湯姆把他的廚餘餵給他的狗吃
I went there yesterday.	昨天我去了那裡
I'm an actress, not a model.	我是演员
Even a child can do it.	即便是小孩子也能做到呢
I couldn't control my anger.	我无法遏制住我的怒火
I need a cab.	我需要一輛出租車
Don't tell anybody.	别跟任何人说哟
You don't look very good.	你看上去不太好
I've got a boat.	我有一艘小船
I belong to the sailing club.	我參加帆船社
A baseball came flying through the window.	一顆棒球從窗外飛了進來
Tom seems nice.	汤姆看着是个好人
I hear that you play the piano.	我聽說你彈鋼琴
We could walk there together.	我們可以一起走著去
Children really like playing on the beach.	孩子们非常喜欢在海滩上玩耍
He doesn't have any friends.	他没有任何朋友
Don't mix ammonia and bleach together.	别把氨水和漂白剂混在一起
The baby started to cry.	宝宝开始哭了
I like summer better than winter.	我喜歡夏天勝於冬天
She hated her husband.	她恨她的丈夫
It isn't polite to stare at people.	盯著人看是不禮貌的
She's not as beautiful as her sister.	她不如她姊姊漂亮
I can't even remember what Tom looks like.	我甚至不能记起来汤姆长什么样
Tom has a reservation.	汤姆有预约
Is this what you wanted?	這是你要的嗎
Are you sure Tom is happy?	你確定湯姆高興嗎
I've been really busy lately.	我最近忙得很
Mutual understanding promotes peace.	相互理解能促进和平
Tom still drinks, but not as much as he used to.	汤姆还是喝
Do you have grandchildren?	您有孫子
He is to come to my house tonight.	他今晚会来我家
I'm repairing the washing machine.	我在修洗衣機
He used to be an imaginative boy.	他曾經是一個富有想像力的男孩
They all knew.	他们都知道
How do you know about that?	你为什么会知道
At what hour was she born?	她幾點出生的
Tom pushed his way through the crowd.	汤姆从人群中拥出来
Friends are like flowers in the garden of life.	朋友就像生命之园里的花朵
This is a fish.	這是一條魚
I got sick from drinking too much.	因為喝酒喝太多
I have chapped lips.	我的嘴裂开了
Tom asked us to leave him alone.	汤姆要我们留他独自一人
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston.	湯姆不想住在波士頓
Anyone can join.	谁都可以参加
I suppose he will be back soon.	我想他会很快回来的
Hey guys, please be quiet.	嗨
I don't like the way he speaks.	我不喜歡他說的話
They don't know each other very well.	他們不太認識對方
Tom bought this camera for a reasonable price.	Tom	用合理的價格買了相機
Was he still here when you arrived?	當你到達的時候他還在這裡嗎
Tom said that Mary likes driving.	汤姆说玛丽喜欢驾车
My mother looks young for her age.	从她的年龄看来
My wife catches colds easily.	我太太很容易就会着凉
I made my way through the crowd.	我穿過了人群向前走
Tom was dressed like a pirate.	Tom	穿得像个海盗
Be friendly.	友善点
Turn on the radio, please.	请将收音机打开
Tom is the tallest man I know.	湯姆是我所知道的最高的人
Turn right.	向右转
They helped one another to make the school festival a success.	他们互帮互助
Bring Tom here.	把汤姆带到这里来
I'll call you as soon as I can.	我会尽快给你打电话的
One man's meat is another man's poison.	甲之蜜糖
Tom told me that he thought that Mary used to live in Boston.	汤姆告诉我他觉得玛丽以前住在波士顿
It will become much warmer in March.	到了三月會變的更溫暖吧
The man sitting next to me spoke to me.	坐在我旁边的男人跟我说话了
Tom applauded.	湯姆拍了手
There's a big fly on the ceiling.	有一隻大蒼蠅在天花板上
Freedom is not free.	自由是有代价的
He wouldn't look at my proposal.	他不會考慮我的建議
Tom saw the exhibits.	汤姆看了展览会
Many accidents resulted from the icy conditions of the road.	道路结冰导致了很多起事故
I hope to see it again.	我希望再次见到它
Tom dealt the cards.	Tom	处理了卡片
More than 40 percent of the students go to university.	40%	以上的学生去读大学
She succeeded in drawing the truth from him.	她成功地从他口中得知了真相
I ripped the envelope open.	我撕开了信封
Tom has no time.	汤姆没有时间
He sat there with his legs crossed.	他翹著二郎腿坐在那裡
Tom speaks French a little.	汤姆会说一点法语
This instrument needs to be calibrated.	该仪器需要校准
These products are of the same quality.	这些产品质量同等
I hope we find Tom.	我希望我们能找到汤姆
Where would you like to go first?	你想先去哪裡
Are you having problems?	你有问题吗
Tom is coming to our school tomorrow.	湯姆明天會來我們的學校
I'm going to help you rescue Tom.	我要幫你營救湯姆
I had a hard day.	我过了难挨的一天
I need you here.	我需要你在這裡
Do you think it's a sign?	你认为这是个预兆吗
I should've brought my camera.	我應該把我的相機帶來
When will the rainy season be over?	雨季何時會結束
The area was quiet.	這地區很安靜
What did he say?	他说了什么
Some foods make you thirsty.	有些食物令人口渴
I'd like to exchange this shirt that I bought yesterday.	我想去換我昨天買的這件襯衫
He gets a haircut three times a month.	他一个月剪三次头发
Tom doesn't even have a driver's license.	湯姆甚至沒有駕駛證
There were two cakes.	那有两块蛋糕
I began running.	我開始跑
He's at her side.	他在她的旁邊
I'm not used to spicy food.	我不習慣辛辣的食物
I am tired of reading.	我厭倦了閱讀
I bought two pairs of pants.	我买了两条裤子
The train is very crowded this evening.	列车在晚上很挤
I have no homework today.	我今天沒有功課
Could you call a doctor, please?	你能請個醫生來嗎
He has been to Europe many times.	他去過歐洲很多次了
Tom certainly is an interesting person.	汤姆这人确实很有意思
Don't give up on your dreams.	别放弃梦想
My father won't allow me to keep a dog.	我父亲不让我养狗
He has two daughters.	他有两个女儿
He usually goes to school by bus.	他經常搭公車上學
By the way, I've got to tell you something.	我得順便給你講件事
I know you're going to say no.	我知道你要說不
How do you want your hair cut?	你想怎麼剪你的頭髮
Tom says he doesn't know how to swim.	汤姆说他不知道怎么游泳
The soldiers were guarding the bridge.	士兵們守衛著這座橋
Go on with your work.	繼續工作
There's no need to hurry.	沒有必要著急
Tom was hiding something.	湯姆在藏甚麼
I have some pictures to show you.	我有一些照片給你看
Do you have any plans for tonight?	今晚有什么计划吗
I don't want to get a suntan.	我不想曬黑
I remember writing to her.	我记得给她写过信
I'm going downtown.	我进城去
There's a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.	在瑪麗的桌上有張湯姆的照片
Smoking is not permitted on the train.	不允許在火車上吸煙
Thanks for your reply.	谢谢你的答复
I wish I were a little taller.	但願我長高一點
She lives next door to him.	她住在他的隔壁
Long hair is out of fashion now.	长发现在过时了
There must be a way to arrive at a diplomatic solution.	必须有外交解决的途径
Tom wrote that song three years ago.	汤姆三年前创作了那首歌
The church is at the foot of a mountain.	教堂位于山脚
I am afraid of dying.	我怕死
What would you like for supper?	你晚餐想吃什麼
I am a student.	我是个学生
When I heard that song, it reminded me of my childhood.	我一聽到那首歌
You never get my jokes.	你从来不明白我的玩笑
It was just a dream.	只是一场梦罢了
I do not agree with you at all.	我完全不赞成你的意见
She wears high heels to make herself look taller.	她穿著高跟鞋
The word is unfamiliar to me.	我对这个单词不熟
I talked to her.	我跟她谈了话
You've lost weight, haven't you?	你减肥了
That's against the rules.	这违反规则
I plan to never drink again.	我打算絕不再喝酒
Close the gate.	关门
A stranger is just a friend you haven't met yet.	所谓陌生人
I can hardly understand what he says.	我幾乎無法了解他說的話
I hate winter.	我讨厌冬天
What type of work do you do?	你做什么类型的工作
What a pain!	烦死人
Can I use your pencil?	我可以用你的鉛筆嗎
She didn't have any pencils.	她一支铅笔也没有
I like snow a lot.	我很喜歡雪
She helped her father with the work in the garden.	她帮她爸爸干了花园里的活
I caught him stealing the money.	我抓到他偷錢
Tom gave me something to read.	汤姆给了我一些东西读
Where do you want to go?	你要去哪裡
Tom is older than I am.	湯姆年紀比我大
I am off today.	我今天休息
I'm tall.	我个子高
Tom needs to speak to Mary.	湯姆需要跟瑪麗說話
Anyone can do that.	任何人都可以做到
I asked a policeman for directions.	我向一個警察問路
See above.	参见上文
You are taller than she is.	你比她要高
His brave deed earned him respect.	他的英勇行為使他贏得了尊重
Thanks for your explanation.	谢谢你的解释
You've got something in your teeth.	牙齿卡了点东西
Do you have a cellphone?	你有手機嗎
What's the weather like there?	那儿是什么天气
Eat a live frog every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.	每天早上吃一隻活青蛙
What are you guys going to do?	你们这些家伙想去干什么
This may not be a real diamond.	這可能不是真的鑽石
There are always some people who are unreasonable.	总有一些人不讲理
I don't like dogs.	我不喜歡狗
I can recommend this book to you.	我可以向你推薦這本書
It really comes in handy.	這真的能派上用場
If you need a pen, I'll lend you one.	如果你需要笔的话
Do you have something to say?	你有什么事要说吗
Are you certain about this?	对此你确定吗
What're you going to do this weekend?	你這個週末要做什麼
They grow strawberries in their greenhouse.	他們在他們的溫室裡種植草莓
Tom has to speak French every day at work.	汤姆每天都要在工作时说法语
Tom loves singing.	湯姆愛唱歌
He was an honest man.	他以前是个诚实的人
Ostriches can't fly.	鴕鳥不會飛
Which book is yours?	哪本是你的书
Comb your hair before you go out.	在你出門之前
My mother teaches flower arranging.	我母親教插花藝術
All of us went to the theater to see a play.	我們所有的人都去劇院看戲
Tom wanted to take a shower.	汤姆想洗个澡
She played the guitar and he sang.	她彈吉他
I don't know why they are fighting.	我不知道他們為什麼在打架
Please come again in three days time.	请在三天内回来
I'm going to see what I can do.	我要看看我能做甚麼
Is your homework finished?	你的作業做完了嗎
Tom doesn't mind helping Mary occasionally.	汤姆不介意偶尔给予玛丽帮助
Those records are not accessible to the public.	這些記錄不對公眾開放
I saw my reflection in the window.	我在窗户上看見了我的映像
Tom was never very good at swimming.	湯姆從來不擅長游泳
It may be that he likes his job.	他可能喜欢他的工作
His house is somewhere around here.	他家在这儿某处
I speak English every day.	我每天都说英语
Tom and Mary stayed at a fancy hotel.	汤姆和玛丽入住了一家高档酒店
I liked Tom's first book more than the second.	相比第二本
It took us half an hour to set up the tent.	搭帳篷花了我們半小時
I will do it tomorrow.	我明天再做
When he retired, his son took over his business.	他退休的时候
Leave me alone.	让我一个人待着
I have a surprise for you.	我帶了一個驚喜給你
I'm not very good at drawing.	我不擅長畫畫
Can I have a bottle of red wine?	請來瓶紅酒
I have a bit of bad news.	我有个坏消息
She stooped to pick up a pebble.	她撿起了一塊鵝卵石
He did the reverse of what I asked.	他做的和我要求的相反
Tom has no idea why his wife left him.	湯姆根本不明白為甚麼他的妻子離開了他
Will the price keep going up?	价格还会继续涨吗
Why did you want to become a teacher?	你为何想当一个老师
Tom can keep a secret.	汤姆会保密
What would you like to eat?	你想吃什么
Nothing moved.	什么都没动
Do you plan to eat all of that yourself?	你打算自己一人把它全部吃了吗
The teacher made us repeat the word.	老師要我們重複這個字
All of them are not present.	他們所有的人都沒有出席
It's none of your concern.	这不关你的事
I am lost. Can you help me, please?	我迷路了
This ticket is valid for three days.	这张票三日有效
I have nothing to do with that crime.	这个犯罪和我一点关系都没有
He has a great deal of experience.	他有豐富的經驗
Christmas is around the corner.	聖誕節快到了
We're cooking now.	我们现在在做饭
When I opened the door, I found him asleep.	当我打开门的时候
They won't come until tomorrow.	他們明天才會來
They deserve it.	这是他们应得的
You have everything.	您全都有
When the cat is away, the mice will play.	貓兒不在
He mistook me for an Englishman.	他误认为我是一个英国人
I don't want to work under these conditions.	我不想在这些条件下工作
We need an ambulance.	我们需要一辆救护车
This dictionary is mine.	这本字典是我的
The food's not ready yet.	饭还没做好
My father grows rice.	我爸种水稻
I was vaccinated against the flu.	我接种了流感疫苗
Tom seems to really enjoy being in Boston.	湯姆看來真喜歡待在波士頓
They're already here.	他們已經在這裡了
I don't like the way he talks.	我不喜歡他講話的樣子
Do you like to eat fruit?	你喜歡吃水果嗎
Do you want some more tea?	您想再来点茶吗
There was nobody there.	谁也不在那里
The food's ready.	饭做好了
Take care.	保重
The robot went out of control.	這個機器人失控了
Tom has plenty of friends to help him.	汤姆有很多帮他的朋友
Thanks for adding me as a friend.	谢谢你把我加为好友
I'll see you later.	等會兒見
I didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust me, either.	我不信任汤姆而且汤姆也不信任我
He rushed into the room with his coat on.	他穿着衣服冲进房间
Water becomes solid when it freezes.	水结冰后成为固体
He might not be happy.	他可能會不高興
Tom was already at work.	湯姆已經在上班了
She introduced me to her brother.	她把我介紹給她的弟弟認識
The doctor advised him to do more exercise.	醫生建議他多做運動
We have to find out what Tom wants.	我们要明白汤姆想要什么
How much will it all cost?	一共要多少錢
I'll give you this camera.	我會給你這台相機
He seldom gives his wife presents.	他很少給他的妻子禮物
There is no salt left.	没盐了
He has gone to Britain.	他已经去了英国
Why don't you talk to him?	你為甚麼不跟他講
Where have you been?	你一直在哪里
At that time, I was still taking French lessons.	那个时候
I've heard the French version of this song.	我听过这首歌的法语版
Are you students at this school?	你是這所學校的學生嗎
A wise man would not say such a thing.	一个聪明人不会说这种话
Don't make a fool of me.	别把人家当傻瓜
Could you spare me a few minutes?	你能为我腾出几分钟时间吗
Luckily, we found an escape route.	幸運的是
I owe ten dollars to her.	我欠她
I never thought something like that could happen.	我从来没想到会发生那种事
Tom understands what it takes to survive.	汤姆明白生存的代价
The company invested a lot of money in this project.	該公司在這個企劃中投入了很多錢
I have absolute faith in you.	我百分之百相信你
Just as he was going out, there was a great earthquake.	就在他要出門的時候
You're drinking out of my cup.	你正在把我杯子里的东西喝掉
Would you like some salad?	你要來點兒沙拉嗎
My hobby is reading.	我的爱好是阅读
I don't understand German at all.	我完全不懂德语
Be careful on your way back home.	回家的路上注意安全
She had died before I arrived.	她在我到達之前去世了
Don't put books on the table.	不要把書放在那張桌子上
Tom admitted he murdered Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
I've already told you the truth.	我已經告訴你真相了
Where's the nearest station?	最近的車站在哪裡
Follow me into the room.	跟我进房间
She doesn't have the ticket.	她沒有票
Your brother got married, didn't he?	你哥哥結婚了
I will lend you this dictionary.	我會借給你這本字典
I like short hair.	我喜欢短发
I'm not tired at all.	我根本不累
This is not my car.	這不是我的車
Your time is running out.	你的时间快用完了
I'd like my coffee after the meal.	我想吃完飯再喝咖啡
They climbed Mt. Fuji last week.	上個月他們爬了富士山
Tom, wake up.	汤姆
Do you have a red pencil?	你有紅色的鉛筆嗎
That white dress looks good on you.	你穿那件白色的衣服很好看
I hope that you will get well soon.	我希望您快就会好起来
They cleared the street of snow.	他們清理了街上的積雪
I love coffee.	我愛咖啡
We didn't bring it back.	我们没把它带回来
The sky became darker and darker.	天空变得越来越暗了
Tom regrets his mistake.	湯姆為他的錯誤後悔
She made a mess of the work.	她工作做得亂七八糟
Please call the fire department.	请叫消防员
They waited in line for the bus.	他們排隊等公車
He can speak Russian, too.	他也會說俄語
Those are my pants.	那些是我的褲子
No one will see us.	沒有人會看到我們
I just can't believe it.	我真是不能相信
Let's get to work on that problem.	我们研究这个问题吧
This book is popular with students.	這本書受到學生的歡迎
You should keep your promise.	你應該信守諾言
They built a bridge across the river.	他們建了一座橫跨河流的橋
What's your problem?	你有什么问题
Have you cleaned your room yet?	你打掃你的房間了嗎
You should prepare for the worst.	你应该作最坏的准备
I'm not that kind of person.	我不是这种人
Take whichever you want.	拿你想要的
Will you take part in the ceremony?	你會參加這個儀式嗎
She gave him a watch.	她给了他一块表
She made cookies for the children.	她给孩子们做了曲奇
I know that Tom is hungry.	我知道湯姆餓了
I'm young.	我還年輕
I need more butter.	我需要更多黄油
If you do your best, you will succeed.	如果你盡力而為
I bought this yesterday.	昨天我買了這個
Do you want to drink some water?	你要喝水嗎
Mom, can I go swimming?	妈妈
Maybe you should just fire Tom.	或许你就应该把汤姆开除掉
We don't speak French.	我們不講法語
Who wants a piece of cake?	谁想要来一块蛋糕
She owns two thousand books.	她擁有二千本書
Don't judge a book by its cover.	不要根据封面来判断一本书
Do you want to know why I quit?	您想知道为什么我要离开吗
I'm stuck here in Boston because of the storm.	我被風暴困在波士頓
She loves Tom, not me.	她爱汤姆
Do you study every day?	你們每天都讀書嗎
What are those numbers?	那些数字是什么
Tom's out of the country.	湯姆在國外
I'm tired of your complaints.	我已經厭倦了你的投訴
Did you just get to know him?	你是不是刚认识他
Open the box.	打開箱子
I felt comfortable.	我感觉很舒服
We kept them quiet.	我們讓他們保持安靜
Don't leave the TV on.	不要让电视机开着
There are no live animals in the museum.	这博物馆里面没有活的生物
We didn't have computers when I was growing up.	我小时候的时候还没有电脑
I don't like big dogs.	我不喜歡大狗
Didn't you notice?	你没注意到吗
She visits the dentist on a regular basis, so she seldom gets toothaches.	她定期去看牙医
You look as healthy as ever.	你看起来和以前一样健康
I'm confident that you'll succeed.	我肯定你会成功
Let's begin on page 30.	讓我們從第
Go back to the office.	回辦公室去
Where's the cook?	厨师在哪里
Everyone knows that.	那件事谁都知道
Why aren't you listening?	你為甚麼不聽
Tom may be able to come tomorrow.	汤姆可能能在明天来
You can't understand this sentence, can you?	你不懂这句句子
He bored us with his long stories.	他長長的故事讓我們覺得厭煩了
I still haven't finished my homework.	我还没完成作业
He told me an interesting story.	他告訴了我一個有趣的故事
Your son has come of age.	你儿子现在成人了
London is on the Thames.	倫敦在泰唔士河旁
He told a funny story.	他讲了一个有趣的故事
Even with all the money he has, he isn't happy.	儘管他有那麼多錢
Ask him his name.	问他一下他的名字
He is unable to buy a car.	他不能买车
You might not find it.	您可能找不到
I'm Tom's father.	我是汤姆的父亲
Tom changed clothes.	湯姆換了衣服
I was angry because he was late.	因為他遲到了
How dare you speak like that!	您怎么敢这样说话
You're even taller than I am.	您比我更高
He was busy.	他很忙
You'll get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth.	如果你女朋友发现真相的话
I was taking a bath when the telephone rang.	在我洗澡的时候
What is missing?	少了什么
I want a boat.	我想要一艘船
Tom nearly died tonight.	汤姆昨晚差点死了
Don't wait.	不要等待
Who drew it?	誰畫的
I arrived later than usual.	我比平常晚到
I want to finish the work on my own.	我想要獨立完成工作
It's raining again!	又下雨了
I didn't understand a single word Tom said.	我不明白湯姆說了什麼
Where is your brother?	你的哥哥在哪里
She used to work for our company.	她以前在我們公司工作
Tom vanished.	汤姆不见了
I need some medicine to kill the pain.	我需要用药来镇痛
I wonder if what I wrote was correct.	我在想我寫的對不對
Please buy a tube of toothpaste.	請買條牙膏吧
I will never forget your kindness.	我永遠不會忘記你的好意
Do you know Tom's address?	你有汤姆的住址吗
My sister often cries.	我妹妹经常哭
I'm too sleepy to do my homework.	我太累了
Maybe you'd better come with us.	也許你最好和我們一起來
Tom stayed in Australia for three years.	汤姆在澳大利亚呆了三年
He has a good appetite.	他的胃口很好
She banged the table with her fist.	她用拳頭拍了桌子
I said that.	我是那樣說的
He got off the bus.	他下了公車
The contract was signed.	契約簽訂了
Don't throw out this magazine. I haven't read it yet.	这本杂志不要扔
I have no recollection of seeing the man.	我沒有見過那男人的印象
I got this bicycle for nothing.	我免費得到這輛自行車
Is it all there?	全都在那裡嗎
We have to do our best.	我们要尽力而为
Are you brushing your teeth properly?	你正確地刷牙嗎
I collect foreign coins.	我收集外國硬幣
I want to see him very much.	我非常想见到他
I like candlelight.	我很喜欢烛光
They went to America last month.	他們上個月去美國
He went fishing instead of playing tennis.	他去钓鱼了
I'm not a student.	我不是學生
I met Mary yesterday.	昨天我遇見了瑪麗
It's not a cat. It's a dog.	它不是猫
I seasoned the fish with salt and pepper.	我在魚上灑鹽和胡椒作調味
Did you get my letter?	你收到了我的信了嗎
I object to her going there alone.	我不同意她一个人去那儿
Could I borrow a pencil?	我能借支铅笔吗
It's nonsense to try that.	这种尝试很荒谬
He's a friend of my brother's.	他是我哥哥的朋友
I gave up all hope of survival.	我放棄了所有生存的希望
We stayed there the whole night.	我們一整晚都待在那裡
This is a very interesting book.	這是一本非常有趣的書
You didn't eat much lunch, did you?	你午饭吃的不多
This room is too small.	這個房間太小了
Lend me your dictionary, please.	请把你的字典借给我
The baby is sleeping.	宝宝正在睡觉
Someone is knocking on the door.	不知是谁在敲门
This swallow's wings are broken.	这只燕子的翅膀受伤了
Tom probably knows how to get to Mary's house.	湯姆大概知道要怎麼去瑪莉家吧
She found a ball in the garden.	她在花園裡發現了一顆球
Are you familiar with the rules of soccer?	你對足球規則熟悉嗎
What mountain do you think is the second highest in Japan?	你认为日本第二高峰是哪座山
This is weird.	奇怪
Is there a hotel around here?	附近有酒店吗
His daughter is a nurse.	他的女儿是护士
The door was locked from the inside.	這門從裡面被反鎖了
Have you heard from him recently?	你最近有他的消息嗎
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me.	我知道有人认识我的可能性微乎其微
What we need is help.	我们需要的是帮助
We're involved.	我们正参与
Did you have a good time on your trip to London?	你在倫敦玩得開心嗎
Leave the room immediately.	馬上離開房間
Do you have an English menu?	你有英語的菜單嗎
Which group do you want to join?	你想加入哪一組
Why did you begin without me?	为什么你不等等我就开始了
Tom is really special.	湯姆真的很特別
What about having fish for dinner?	晚餐吃魚怎麼樣
He made the most of his opportunity.	他盡力地利用了這個機會
It's an hour's walk to the station.	步行到車站要一小時
Everybody knew she could speak English well.	大家都知道她的英语说得很好
We have no choice but to risk it.	我们别无选择只能冒着危险
I'll tell Tom to do that if I don't forget.	如果我没忘了的话
Not all Germans like to drink beer.	不是所有的德国人都喜欢喝啤酒
Why should I apologize to you?	为什么我要向你道歉
I used a knife to cut the cake.	我是用刀切蛋糕的
You've done a perfect job.	你做了一项完美的工作
That's a book.	那是一本書
Please take your seat.	请坐
I had a dream about him.	我夢到了他
What is the exchange rate?	汇率是多少
How was your test?	你的测验怎么样
I work for a bank.	我為一家銀行工作
I plan to catch the 10:30 train.	我打算搭十點三十分的火車
He must have taken the wrong train.	他一定是搭錯火車了
I agreed with him on that point.	我在那一點上同意他
This statement is actually kind of suspicious.	这种说法其实有点可疑
It isn't hard to understand.	不難理解
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.	我告诉你
You should have done it earlier. It cannot be helped now.	你應該早點做的
I've had just about enough of her.	我真的受夠了她
She gave me a meaningful look.	她意味深長地看了我一眼
I've got to try to find Tom.	我试图找到
That was the part that Tom and I were most confused about.	这是我和汤姆最困惑的部分
We often play cards on Sunday.	我們常常在週日打牌
Parents teach their children that it's wrong to lie.	父母教育他们的孩子说谎是不好的
We met in front of the school.	我們在學校前面見面了
I'll go to the library with you tomorrow.	我明天要跟你去圖書館
I painted the gate blue.	我把大門漆成了藍色的
Mail this letter.	把这封信寄了
They say that old house is haunted.	據說老房子鬧鬼
She looked out of the window.	她看了窗外
I often go to the movies.	我常常去看電影
He said, "Let's take a short rest."	他說
Here is your dog. Where is mine?	这是你的狗
I can't put up with that noise any longer.	我无法再忍受那噪音了
Please hide the blueberry jam where Takako can't see it.	把蓝莓酱藏在享子看不到的地方
Today, I was supposed to study at the library but I woke up around 12 o'clock.	今天我本打算在图书馆学习
That's why he got angry.	那就是他生气的理由
Are those real diamonds?	那些是真钻石吗
Tom said he wasn't ready, but Mary said she was.	汤姆说他没准备好
Do you need to work on Sunday?	你週日需要去工作嗎
The crane, unlike the dog, has never dreamed of flying.	不像狗
The car crashed into the truck.	汽車撞上了卡車
I got the money back from him.	我拿到了他還給我的錢
I don't blame you for doing that.	我不怪你那樣做
Most people think I'm crazy.	大部份的人覺得我瘋了
They stepped a few paces forward.	他們前進了幾步
She played a tune on the piano.	她在鋼琴上彈了一首曲子
I was learning.	我在學習
We got all the materials together.	我們把所有的材料放在一起
Please don't speak so fast.	請不要說得這麼快
How dare you say that to me!	你怎麼能這麼對我說話
I looked for him in the supermarket.	我在超級市場裡找他
Tom tried to control his emotions.	汤姆试着控制他的情绪
Long skirts are out of fashion now.	現在長裙不流行了
Tom doesn't work here.	湯姆不在這裡工作
Where will you be?	你會在哪裡
I'm sorry. I got the wrong number.	對不起
Looks are not everything.	外表并不是全部
What are you waiting for?	还在等什么呢
Do you have Tom's address?	你有汤姆的住址吗
This table is made out of wood.	这张桌子是木的
Everyone was okay.	大家都还行
They always wake up early, even on Sundays.	他們總是早起
She doesn't like the way I speak.	她不喜欢我说话的方式
Father always has the tailor make his suits.	父親總是讓這位裁縫師為他做西裝
They named their son Tom.	他们给他们的儿子取名叫汤姆
I used to swim here every day.	我以前每天在這裡游泳
Since he didn't know what to say, he remained silent.	自从他不知道该说什么的时候
What will you have?	你将拥有什么
Tom can't get over Mary.	汤姆不能原谅玛丽
Tom didn't have enough time to eat lunch.	湯姆沒時間吃午飯
Maybe I'll go, and maybe I won't.	也許我會去
This website is very useful.	这个网站很有用
My father died of lung cancer.	我的父親死於肺癌
Charles Lindbergh made the first solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.	Charles Lindbergh	於
Being a good conversationalist does not just mean being a good speaker of English.	作為一個良好的交談者
Turn right at the intersection.	在十字路口右转
The dog growled at the strange man.	狗對著這個陌生男子咆哮
It is not his business.	那不關他的事
She is as beautiful as Snow White.	她像白雪公主一樣漂亮
I would do it if I could.	我如果能做
Tom lied.	汤姆说谎了
I get chapped lips every winter.	每年冬天
For the teacher, teaching her was fun.	對教師來說
She may not come here tomorrow.	她明天可能不會來這裡
Have you turned in your report?	你交報告了嗎
Believe it or not, she has three children.	她有三个孩子
You should stay at home today.	你今天應該待在家裡
Tom needed treatment.	汤姆需要接受治疗
She was reading a gardening manual.	她正在讀一本園藝手冊
You should ask your father for his advice and follow it.	你應該問你父親的忠告並遵守它
As a matter of fact, I haven't eaten anything since this morning.	事實上
I can't put up with the heat any longer.	我受不了这大热天了
What do you think I was doing?	你觉得我在干吗呢
Tom can't get his car started.	汤姆没法发动他的车
I love my life.	我爱我的生命
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.	进教室时请脱下帽子
Mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven.	玛丽把围裙系在她的腰上
You have to choose.	你必须做出选择
I had a really nice time tonight.	今晚我度过了一段非常美好的时光
The English alphabet has 26 letters.	英文有二十六個字母
Fortunately, no passengers were injured.	万幸
It's very hot in this room.	這間房裡很熱
My stomach's full.	我吃得很飽
We surrender.	我們投降
Lots of companies have implemented an eight-hour working day.	很多公司實行
Tom likes chocolate cake a lot.	汤姆很喜欢巧克力蛋糕
How long will it take to get there?	到那边需要多长时间
You cheated.	你作弊了
This has nothing to do with you.	這與你無關
Tom looked Mary in the eye.	汤姆看着玛丽的眼睛
You owe me money.	你欠我钱
My dream is to become a teacher.	我的夢想是成為一名教師
The enemy attacked us at night.	敵人在夜間攻擊了我們
The dog is white.	這隻狗是白色的
I went for a walk after breakfast.	早餐後我去散步了
She told me to open the window.	她告訴我把窗戶打開
How did you know I liked Tom?	你怎么知道我喜欢汤姆
Tom has short hair.	汤姆
We built a fire on the beach.	我们在沙滩上起了火
Tom got fat.	汤姆胖了
I'm good at skiing.	我擅長滑雪
I do not have a cat.	我没有猫
Washing clothes is my work.	洗衣服是我的工作
Tom has always been very nice to me.	汤姆对我一直很好
She appears to have many friends.	她看起來好像有很多朋友
Tom asked Mary where her mother was.	湯姆問瑪麗她媽在哪
It's almost time for Tom to go.	汤姆快该走了
There's no use making excuses.	借口是没用的
Do you know where I live?	你知道我住哪吗
It snowed a lot.	下了很多的雪
The earth orbits the sun once a year.	地球公转时间是一年
She waved her hand until the train was out of sight.	她挥着她的手
He placed emphasis on the importance of education.	他强调了教育的重要性
After a storm comes a calm.	否極泰來
Do they speak French in Canada?	他們在加拿大說法語嗎
I am happy to have so many good friends.	我很高興有這麼多好朋友
What language is this?	這是什麼語言
They will get married next month.	他們將在下個月結婚
He tried speaking French to us.	他試圖跟我們說法語
Do I have to go to the party?	我需要去派對嗎
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as Mary does.	湯姆可能不知道如何像瑪麗一樣做得好
I didn't get your name.	我沒聽清楚你的名字
She went to Shanghai by train.	她是坐火車去上海的
May I go out to play?	我可以出去玩嗎
Please give me a cup of water.	请你给我一杯水
He cheated on the biology exam.	他在生物學考試時作弊
This directly concerns you.	这与你有直接关系
My house doesn't have a roof.	我的房子沒有頂
There's no need to get so angry.	沒有必要這麼生氣
He occasionally reads detective novels.	他偶尔会阅读一些侦探小说
Fantastic!	好棒
Thanks for coming, Tom.	感谢你的到来
I don't lie.	我不說謊
What happened on the bus?	公共汽车上发生什么了
She cannot do without her car.	她離不開她的車
The school is on top of the hill.	學校在山丘頂上
Tom has made a big mistake.	汤姆犯了个大失误
Do you know the boy in the picture?	你认识画里面的男孩吗
What time did you go to sleep yesterday?	你昨天几点睡的
That's so perfect.	那是完美的
The library is one of my favorite places.	图书馆是我最喜欢去的地方之一
He likes fishing.	他喜歡釣魚
She made me a cake.	她为我做了一个蛋糕
There are over 800,000 Basque speakers in the world.	世界上有超過八十萬的人說巴斯克語
It doesn't matter which team wins the game.	哪个队赢得比赛并不重要
She ought to have arrived by now.	她現在應該已經到了
I like to ride on trains.	我喜歡乘坐火車
Is there a souvenir shop in the hotel?	旅館裡面有紀念品商店嗎
I'm considering studying in the United States next year.	我在考虑明年去美国学习
What do you mean?	你想表达什么
I asked her to wait a moment.	我請她等一會兒
It's no use your begging him for help.	你求他帮忙没有用
Tom works at home.	湯姆在家工作
Are you wearing a watch?	你有戴手表吗
My aunt made a new skirt for me.	我舅母做了一條新裙子給我
We set a trap to catch a fox.	我们设了个陷阱来抓狐狸
I did everything by myself.	我全靠自己
Have you read this book yet?	你讀過這本書嗎
Why don't you give your mouth a rest?	为什么不让你的嘴巴休息呢
Everything was where it was supposed to be.	所有的物件都在原處
I have nothing to hide.	我没什么可隐藏
I can't agree with you.	我无法同意你的意见
She stayed at home by herself.	她獨自留在家裡
It's very difficult.	这很难
Tom listened carefully.	湯姆仔細聽
It's likely to rain all weekend.	可能整個週末都下雨
I'm very tired right now.	我現在很累
Why should we help?	为什么我们应该要帮助
She asked how to cook the fish.	她问了怎么烧鱼
Open your eyes, please.	请睁开眼睛
He's my older brother.	他是我的哥哥
I'd be crazy to do that.	我做那事会疯
They work together.	他们在一起工作
You can't do anything about that.	你什么也做不了
He decided to become a pilot.	他決定成為一名飛行員
We saw the children enter the room.	我們看到了孩子們進入這個房間
Tom respects his elders.	Tom	尊敬他的長輩
Farmers sow seeds in the spring.	农民在春天播种
He was playing the piano and she was singing.	他彈鋼琴
Did Tom respond?	汤姆有回应了吗
Can I have a bit more milk?	我可以多来点牛奶吗
At home, we speak only French.	在家里
You were at my wedding.	你出席了我的婚礼
Can you do bookkeeping?	你會記帳嗎
You have a visitor.	你有客人
Tom doesn't like to use the term "a person of color" because he thinks it implies that white people have no color.	汤姆不喜欢使用
Can I use your telephone?	我能用你的电话吗
I think this coat should fit you.	我认为这外套应该适合你
The visitor sat across from me.	訪客坐在我的對面
Which club do you belong to?	你屬於哪個社團
That was Tom's choice.	那是汤姆的选择
Tom was embarrassed to have to ask for help.	汤姆很不好意思去求帮忙
Be careful not to drive the wrong way on a one-way street.	小心不要在单行道逆向行驶
This coffee is too hot for me to drink.	这咖啡热得我没办法喝
The police will look into the case.	警察会调查这起案件
He's bound to forget.	他准会忘
You're an idiot.	你个傻子
Where did you buy these shoes?	你在哪裡買這雙鞋子
What are you doing, Dad?	爸爸
Tom was not apologetic.	Tom	并不觉得抱歉
She is going to wash the bike this afternoon.	她下午会洗自行车
I miss Mary's cooking.	我想念
Tom is really gifted.	湯姆真有才華
Why are you awake?	你为什么醒着
Your question has no answer.	你的问题没有答案
What's the answer to my question?	我问题的回答是什么
We're good friends.	我們是好朋友
I need help.	我需要帮助
Did you have a good time last night?	你昨天晚上過得好嗎
I have to get to the hospital.	我得去医院
I am unable to finish my homework.	我無法完成我的作業
You'd better not go.	你最好不要去
These ruins are ancient.	这些废墟年代久远
I didn't tell anyone what you did.	我没有告诉任何人你做了什么
She was very surprised at the news.	她对那个消息非常惊讶
I have a new red car.	我有一輛新的紅色汽車
He's out taking a walk.	他出去散步
What do you think of this sweater?	你觉得这件毛衣怎么样
Watch yourself.	自己当心啊
You certainly play the piano well.	你一定鋼琴彈得很好
Actions speak louder than words.	行動比語言更響亮
Tom has a good head on his shoulders.	汤姆脑子好使
You have a good memory.	你的記憶力很好
The price of meat dropped.	肉价下跌了
This is atrocious weather.	惡劣的天氣
I got up at six-thirty this morning.	我今天早上六點半起床
Tom will paint the fence tomorrow.	Tom	明天將漆柵欄
I was at home.	我刚才在家
He loved to laugh and enjoy life.	他爱笑以及享受生活
By the way, are you free tonight?	顺便问一句
I don't smoke.	我不抽烟
I'm really concerned about your future.	我真的很關心你的未來
We have to fix the date for our trip quickly.	我们必须快点定下旅游日期
Who did you get this from?	这从谁那儿拿的
This house is not for sale.	这房子不出售
You don't have to do it immediately.	你没必要马上去做
I'm seeing my uncle tomorrow.	我明天要去看我叔叔
Who is playing the piano?	谁在弹钢琴
There's nothing to forgive.	没什么可原谅的
I don't like the taste of tomatoes.	我不喜歡蕃茄的味道
I went swimming in the river yesterday.	我昨天去河里游泳了
The car is waiting at the gate.	車在門口等著
Is this fish still alive?	这条鱼还是活的吗
I would like to tell you something.	我想告訴你一些事情
The boss has a good opinion of your work.	老板对你的工作有很高的评价
I think it's worth asking.	我觉得这值得一问
This time, it's different.	这一次不一样
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.	在派对中我和他聊得很开心
If you hurry, you will catch up with him.	如果你快一点
That's not a real diamond, is it?	那不是一颗真正的钻石
I hugged him tightly and cried.	我緊緊地抱著他哭
The green team lost.	綠隊被打敗了
You sure were noisy last night.	你昨晚確實很吵
It's just your imagination.	这仅是你的想像而已
I know that you're richer than I am.	我知道你比我有錢
I've just finished eating breakfast.	我剛吃完了早飯
Knowledge is power.	知识就是力量
The curry was very delicious.	咖哩非常好吃
I studied for a while this morning.	我今天早上讀了一會兒書
I'm a teacher.	我是個老師
Do you want anything to eat?	你想要吃任何東西嗎
Get off my lawn.	滚出我的草坪
I no longer love him.	我已经不爱他了
This is a strange sentence.	這是一個奇怪的句子
I'd like to do shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.	我想在紐約的第五大道購物
He had the privilege of a private education.	他享有私人教学的特权
They left one after another.	他们一个接着一个地离开了
They grow flowers in the garden.	他們在花園裡種花
How could I be a robot? Robots can't dream.	我怎么可能是机器人呢
I won't do it again.	不会再有下次了
We're going to paint the wall.	我们准备刷墙
He has no right to interfere in our family affairs.	他无权干涉我们的家庭事务
I want to talk to your boss.	我想跟你老板谈
He got down the book from the shelf.	他從架上拿下書
She was visibly afraid to be here.	顯然她害怕待在這裡
How many pieces of baggage do you have?	请问您有多少件行李
Are you also from Boston?	你也是從波士頓來的嗎
Is this what you want?	這是你要的嗎
They don't always obey their parents.	他们并不总是服从父母
Suddenly, it began to rain.	突然開始下雨
I'm not really sure what Tom meant.	我不清楚湯姆是甚麼意思
How do you go to school?	你怎么去学校
Mary closed the door quietly.	瑪麗悄悄地關上了門
The doctor advised my father to cut down on smoking.	医生建议我父亲减少吸烟
Take your hat off when you enter a house of worship.	當你進入禮拜堂時
He dug a hole.	他挖了一个洞
I'm absolutely elated.	我真是欣喜若狂
People have been buying me drinks all night.	人們整晚都在給我買飲料
Dogs have a keen sense of smell.	狗的嗅觉灵敏
Drive carefully.	开车小心点
We want peace in the world.	我们希望世界和平
Tom didn't know who it was.	湯姆不知道那是誰
She thought that he was wasting electricity.	她認為他是在浪費電
They all laughed at his jokes.	他們全都被他的笑話逗笑了
I'm not as brave as Tom.	我不像湯姆那樣勇敢
I'll never forget your kindness.	我永遠不會忘記你的好意
There's no need for you to prepare a formal speech.	您没必要准备一个正式的演讲
Could you please repeat it once again?	請您再說一遍好嗎
He and his sisters are currently living in Tokyo.	他和他的姐妹们目前都住在东京
Tom has many friends living in Boston.	湯姆有很多朋友住在波士頓
He sometimes comes to see me.	他有时会来看我
Tom is a Boston native.	湯姆是波士頓本地人
I am staying with a friend.	我和一位朋友住在一起
I paid him a visit yesterday.	我昨天去见他了
I used to smoke a lot, but now I've quit.	我以前常抽菸
How many rackets do you have?	你有多少支球拍
He returned from abroad yesterday.	他昨天從國外回來
I'd like some tea, please.	請給我一杯茶
I'd like a room facing the garden.	我想要一間面對花園的房間
They give good service at that restaurant.	那家餐館提供良好的服務
Excuse me.	对不起
Please reconsider.	请重新考虑一下
I can't understand his feelings.	我不明白他的感受
There's no use crying over spilt milk.	為打翻的牛奶而哭泣是沒用的
Tom tricked Mary into doing his work for him.	汤姆哄玛丽做他的作业
Fish is sold by the pound here.	魚在這裡是以磅為單位來出售
I'd like to go abroad one day.	我想有一天去国外
My father is in the habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast.	我父亲有个习惯
Tom said he was ill, which was a lie.	汤姆说他病了
A Japanese wouldn't do such a thing.	日本人不會做這種事
Who is that man?	那个男人是谁
I sometimes just don't want to get out of bed in the morning.	我有时早上不想下床
The dog is dying.	這隻狗快要死了
Compare your translation with his.	比較你和他的翻譯
Tom hid in the shed.	汤姆躲在棚里
Everyone here is afraid of you.	这里每一个人都害怕你
He'll be glad to see you.	他會很高興見到你
Who was in charge of today's party?	誰負責今天的派對
So what will you do in the afternoon?	您下午做啥呢
Has the movie started?	电影已经开始了吗
There are 30 students in our class.	我们班有三十名学生
He has a brother and two sisters.	他有一个兄弟和两个姐妹
She gave him the car.	她给了他车
Which tooth hurts?	哪顆牙痛
Two tears fell down her cheeks.	两滴眼泪从她的脸颊滑落下来
That's the way it is.	就是这样的
The television doesn't work.	电视机坏了
She is mad at me.	她跟我生气了
I have trouble breathing.	我呼吸困难
I'm very sorry to have troubled you.	给你添麻烦了
I saw many birds yesterday morning.	我昨天早上看到了很多鸟
I think I'm going to cry.	我看来要哭了
Did you feed the dog this morning?	你今天早上喂过狗了吗
Tom came up with an answer to our problem.	汤姆给我们的问题想出了个答案
Fish is cheap today.	今天魚很便宜
There are times when I find you really interesting.	偶尔
I've decided to tell Tom about what happened.	我决定告诉汤姆发生了什么事情
You deserve to succeed.	你的成功是应得的
It might snow tonight.	晚上也许会下雪
I prefer walking to cycling.	我更愿意走路
I'm sorry I don't agree with you on that matter.	很抱歉那个问题我不赞成你
First impressions matter.	第一印象很重要
These cameras are made in Japan.	這些照相機是在日本製造的
I couldn't fall asleep.	我無法入睡
I'm a social worker.	我是個社會工作人員
I'm coming.	我来啦
Please give me something to drink.	請給我些飲料喝
The opening ceremony took place yesterday.	昨天舉辦了開幕式
Tom said Mary likes driving.	汤姆说玛丽喜欢驾车
Why blame Tom?	为什么责备汤姆
Do you know what I mean?	你知道我的意思嗎
I don't mind waiting for a while.	我不介意等一會兒
She saw herself in the mirror.	她看到鏡子裡的自己
I work in Boston now.	我現在在波士頓工作
Today, I am feeling a lot better.	我今天感觉好多了
You shouldn't go.	你不應該去
You think I'm mad, don't you?	你認為我瘋了
That bicycle is too small for you.	那輛腳踏車對你來說太小了
He turned pale with fright.	他嚇得臉色發白
Birch trees have white bark.	桦树有白树皮
She called up her mother on the phone.	她给她妈妈打电话
She gets up early every morning.	她每天早上早起
You shouldn't keep them waiting so long.	你不该让他们等那么久
He knows a lot of people.	他认识很多人
We're all at risk.	我们都在冒险
I suggest we move to a safer location.	我建議我們去個更安全的地方
What's your favorite type of pizza?	你最喜歡的比薩類型是甚麼
Spring is the best season to visit Kyoto.	春天是访问京都最好的季节
How hot is that?	那個東西有多熱
That's quite obvious.	那很明顯
Tom has been really busy recently.	汤姆最近相当忙
He will play baseball tomorrow.	他明天將打棒球
I can win this time.	我這回能贏
Let me die.	让我去死
He is to blame for the failure.	失败的责任在他
Listen carefully.	仔细听着
Let's take a bus.	讓我們搭公車吧
She was hit by a car.	她被車撞了
Where's the nearest train station?	最近的火车站在哪里
I have lost my watch.	我把我的表丢了
We need a hero.	我們需要英雄
Welcome home.	欢迎回家
I didn't understand you.	我没听懂您的意思
He tried to sleep on the floor.	他試著在地板上睡覺
You should stay at home today.	你今兒個應當留守
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.	我想要一艘船带我远离这里
Your composition has a few mistakes.	你的作文有一些錯誤
You can have a ride on my motorcycle.	你可以骑上我的摩托车去遛一圈
Your guess is almost right.	你差不多猜对了
I won't be here tomorrow.	我明天不在这儿
I made a few modifications.	我做了点改动
He was elected president.	他被选为总统
You should've been more prudent.	你应该更小心的
The number of traffic accidents seems to be on the increase.	交通事故的数量似乎在增长
I bet Tom forgot.	我打賭湯姆忘了
I wonder why I feel so lonely when it gets cold.	我很疑惑为什么天气变冷的时候我会觉得很孤单
The first step is the hardest.	萬事開頭難
You didn't write anything.	你甚麼也沒寫
The fuel gauge is broken.	燃油表坏了
The water is rising.	水在升高
Pride goes before a fall.	骄兵必败
I told Tom that I thought his house needed to be painted.	我告诉汤姆我认为他的房子要刷漆
Tom, I want to talk to Mary.	汤姆
I eat bread.	我吃面包
Is it true or did Tom make that story up?	這是事實還是
I am 30 years old now.	我现在
Spring is just around the corner.	春天快來了
Tom is three years younger than Mary.	汤姆比玛丽小三岁
Are you dating anyone?	你跟人约会吗
We're late.	我們遲到了
You'd better consult your doctor.	你最好請教你的醫生
Please turn off the TV.	请关闭电视机
The library is in the middle of the city.	图书馆位于市中央
The storm has died down.	暴风雨平息下来了
How much money do you have?	你有多少钱
What do you want to get Tom for Christmas?	你们想送汤姆什么圣诞礼物
There were many people at the concert.	音乐会上有很多人
Wait for a bit in the car.	在车里等一下
Shall we walk?	我们该步行吗
He left ten minutes ago.	他十分鐘前離開了
I often visit my relatives.	我常常访问我的亲戚
It is raining all the time.	總是在下雨
It is high time you were in bed.	你早该睡了
Would you mind lending me your car?	你介意把你的車借給我嗎
Do you want something to drink?	你想喝點什麼嗎
You don't need to call me.	你不必打电话给我
The number of cars is on the increase.	汽车的数量在增长
Get away!	滾
We apologize for the delay and regret any inconvenience it may have caused.	我们对这次的延迟表示抱歉
Let me read the paper when you have finished with it.	报纸看完后借我看下
What do you think about it?	关于那个你有什么看法
That shop sells newspapers and magazines.	那家店卖报纸和杂志
What on earth are you talking about?	你到底在談什麼
Blood was everywhere.	到处都是血
A famous architect built this house.	一个有名的建筑师造了这栋房子
Let's have a short break.	讓我們休息一會兒
Go when you want.	你想走的时候就走吧
I get up at 6:30 on school days.	他在上學的日子裡
Express yourself as clearly as possible.	盡可能明確地表達你自己
I'm planning to study tonight.	我打算今天晚上讀書
You should thank me.	你應該感謝我
Promises are made to be broken.	诺言就是用来打破的
He showed interest in the plan.	他對這個計劃表示了興趣
They kissed.	他们亲吻了
There's no more salt.	盐没了
That was pretty neat.	那真整潔
We also went to the temple.	我们也去了庙里
It is very hot today.	今天很热
Why can't ostriches fly?	為什麽鴕鳥不會飛
I'm not as optimistic as you are.	我不像你那么乐观
He isn't here because he's ill.	他不在这儿
What did you want to tell me?	你想对我说什么
Tom is such an idiot.	汤姆真是个大笨蛋
He has made the same mistake twice.	他犯了兩次相同的錯誤
He is eager to go there.	他渴望去那里
Even with all his wealth and fame, he's unhappy.	尽管有金钱和名誉
I have to go to a meeting now.	我现在必须去开会
Would you care for some tea?	你要喝點茶嗎
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.	我不像你想的那么傻
I forgot to bring my I.D. card.	我忘了帶我的身份證
He's strong.	他很強壯
He was laughed at by his friends.	他被他的朋友們取笑了
The living room furniture was modern in style.	客厅的家具是现代风格
"How did you get my phone number?" "Tom gave it to me."	“	你怎么知道我的电话号码的
I made him paint the house.	我讓他刷房子
Accuracy is important in arithmetic.	准确性在计算中很重要
She gave him a tender kiss.	她給了他一個溫柔的吻
They became very nervous.	他们变得很紧张
Broccoli is one of the healthiest vegetables.	西藍花是最健康的蔬菜之一
Are you going outside?	你去外面吗
There are a lot of hot springs in Japan.	日本有很多温泉
Is Monday OK?	周一可以吗
Love is blind.	爱情是盲目的
Tom is insufferable.	汤姆令人难以忍受
"Look," she said.	“	看啊
When did you begin to learn English?	你什么时候开始学英语的
She wants to hug him.	她想擁抱他
The cat is adorable.	這隻貓很可愛
We've been asked to not do this anymore.	我们被要求不再这么做
I will give you whatever you want.	我會給你任何你想要的東西
Is there anything in the box?	盒子裡有任何東西嗎
Put the book where you found it.	把書放在你找到的地方
Have you ever seen Tom when he's mad?	你有看见过汤姆生气的时候吗
I've lost my wallet.	我掉了我的钱包
He lives next door to us.	他住在我們隔壁
He left his parents when he was eight years old.	他八岁时离开了他的父母
I have to go to the toilet.	我要上厕所
Are you sure about this?	你确定吗
Why are you always shouting?	你為什麼總要大叫
We've known each other for years.	我们认识有好些年了
Tom still can't read.	汤姆还是不能读书
Please show me your notebook.	請給我看一下你的筆記本電腦
Tommy couldn't answer the last question.	湯米不會回答最後一個問題
Sorry to have kept you waiting.	對不起讓你一直等
There is a post office close by.	附近有一間郵局
How many pens do you have?	你有多少支铅笔
Tom has changed his mind again.	汤姆又改变了他的主意
I know those girls.	我認識那些女孩
By the way, what's your address?	对了
What happened there?	那里发生什么了
Where is the coffee shop?	這家咖啡館在哪裡
Is this the right train for Tokyo?	這是開往東京正確的火車嗎
I really don't know Tom.	我真不了解汤姆
Are you busy now?	现在你忙吗
Tom wanted to know where he could buy turmeric.	汤姆想知道哪里能买到姜黄
I want beef, too.	"	我也要牛肉
She is a native speaker of French.	她的母語是法語
The program starts at nine o'clock.	這個節目九點開始
He is giving me a hard time.	他跟我過不去
The sky was completely dark.	天空完全变黑了
New Year's Day is close at hand.	元旦就在眼前
I had no trouble finding his office.	我毫不费劲就找到他的公司
Tom worked hard to get the work done on time.	汤姆努力工作按时完成工作
The guests are in the kitchen.	客人們在廚房裏
I paid him the money.	我付了他钱
Did you have a good weekend?	你週末過得怎麼樣
She gave him a sweater.	她给他一件毛衣
How much money do you owe Tom?	你欠湯姆多少錢
Tom doesn't have any friends who like camping.	汤姆没有喜欢露营的朋友
The unemployment rate in Japan was 3.4 percent in September of 2015.	在
He was a very good skier when he was little.	他年輕時很會滑雪
It's not necessary to answer that letter.	沒有必要回那封信
Quit smoking if you don't want to die early.	如果你想活得久一点就戒烟
We're not stupid.	我們不傻
I'm Tom's dad.	我是汤姆的爸爸
I'll be seeing Mary this afternoon.	我今天下午會看到瑪麗
He is getting better bit by bit.	他一點一點地變好
Tom can't decide whether to buy a Toyota or a Ford.	汤姆不能决定买丰田还是福特
He's a professor of biology at Harvard.	他是哈佛大学的生物学教授
He would not raise my salary.	他不肯给我涨工资
I made a long journey last year.	我去年做了一次長途旅行
Take care not to catch a cold.	小心不要着凉
Where does your grandfather live?	你爺爺住在哪裡
Come here, all of you.	你们全都过来
That isn't fair.	這不公平
You're a month behind in your rent.	你的租金遲交了一個月
The lady really flipped out when she learned she had won a million dollars.	當這位女士得知她已經贏得了百萬美元
I will go to America tomorrow.	我明天會去美國
I am a teacher.	我是個老師
Some people relax by reading.	一些人通过阅读来放松
I still don't think I'm wrong.	我還是不認為我錯了
I know that Tom is in his room changing clothes.	我知道汤姆在他房间里换衣服
I don't want to hear about it again.	我不想再聽到這事
What're your plans for the weekend?	你週末有什麼計劃
Do you have anything to remove stains?	你有除锈的东西吗
Tom can swim pretty well.	汤姆能游得很好
He visited many countries in Asia.	他訪問過許多亞洲國家
I was hot, so I switched on the fan.	我很熱
Tom doesn't have any shoes on.	汤姆没穿鞋
It makes me feel good.	它讓我感覺很好
Do you like music?	你喜欢音乐吗
Tom is the one, isn't he?	湯姆就是那一個
I had her sweep my room.	我讓她打掃了我的房間
"Are you tired?" "No, not at all."	“	你累嗎
I listen to the radio after dinner.	晚饭后我听收音机
I didn't understand the joke.	我没弄明白这个笑话
Close the door.	关门
What is it you want to tell me?	你想跟我说什么
The victim died at a hospital in Boston.	受害者在醫院裡死去了
Yes, it's such a nice evening.	是的
I have a lot of friends to help me.	我有很多朋友帮我
She turned down every proposal.	她拒绝了每一项提议
You speak good English.	你的英語說得很好
There's narrow road to the village.	到村莊有條窄路
He looked like a doctor.	他看起來像個醫生
I'd love to come with you.	我想和你一起去
Tom is swimming.	汤姆在游泳
I'd like to stay for one night.	我想待一夜
I've never read such a scary novel.	我从没读过那么恐怖的小说
I would like to help you.	我愿意帮你
You have a choice of black tea, coffee, or milk.	你可以选择红茶
I can't believe it!	我没法相信
I want to go for a swim.	我想去游泳
Tom repaired his bicycle.	湯姆修好了他的自行車
Umbrellas sell well.	雨伞卖得好
He swam until he could swim no more.	他游到不能游为止
Tom said that he thought that he should study French.	湯姆說他認為他該學法語
She stood in front of the mirror.	她站在镜子前
Rice grows in warm countries.	稻米生長在溫暖的國家
I wish to go to Hawaii.	我希望去夏威夷
Where is the exit?	哪裡出去
My car cost more than yours did.	我的车子的开销比你的要多
I thought that I told you to stay away from my computer.	我说过让你离我的电脑远一点的
Tom said he'd be willing to do this.	汤姆说他乐意做这事
I used to be a forest ranger.	我以前是護林人
Tom's face is red.	汤姆的脸红了
Leave my car alone.	離我的車遠一點
What are you learning at school?	你在学校学些什么呀
An uncle of mine gave me some useful advice.	我的一个叔叔给我了一些有用的建议
We have no electricity.	我們沒有電
It was amazingly easy.	这出乎意料地容易
We were worried.	我们很担心
Clean the window with a damp cloth.	用濕布清潔窗戶
He became more obstinate as he grew older.	他年紀越大變得越頑固
The engine died.	发动机坏掉了
The recent coffee shortage brought about many problems.	近来咖啡的短缺造成了许多问题
We must finish our homework first.	我們必須先完成我們的功課
Come home.	回家吧
I finally found a job.	我終于找到工作了
Were you serious?	你是认真的吗
I managed to make him understand it.	我設法讓他明白了
It is difficult for me to answer the question.	这个问题对我来讲很难回答
He should have arrived by now.	现在他应该已经到了
Monopoly is a popular game for families to play.	大富翁是一個家庭玩的熱門遊戲
Why did you come here this morning?	今天早上你為什麼來這裡
You like it, don't you?	你喜歡它
We won't get paid extra for doing this.	我们做这事没有额外报酬
I'm seeing you in a new light.	我对你刮目相看了
I'm going to stay here for a couple of days.	我將要在這裡待幾天
If I were to tell you all I know, you would be amazed.	要是我告诉你我所知的一切
You should set a good example for your children.	你应该给你的孩子们树立好榜样
I heard the song sung in French.	我听过这首歌的法语版
He gave me food and money as well.	他给了我食物和钱
Are they actually friends?	他們真是朋友嗎
She is at work right now.	她现在正在工作
He's not here yet.	他還沒到這裡
He is on goods terms with all of his classmates.	他和所有同學的關係都不錯
He likes music very much.	他非常喜歡音樂
There's a pub just around the corner.	在轉角有一家酒吧
They have their own troubles.	他们有他们自己的问题
I'm not the least bit worried.	我一點也不擔心
My fingers are so numb with cold that I can't play the piano.	我的手指冻僵了
She filled the glass with wine.	她在玻璃杯裡裝滿了酒
His mother looks young for her age.	他媽媽看起來比實際年齡年輕
I thought that you were listening.	我以为你在听
You need to wear a helmet.	你需要戴安全帽
I can't stand the noise.	我不能忍受這個噪音
I slept only two hours.	我只睡了兩小時
He saluted the lady.	他向那位女士问好
It was too difficult for me.	它對我來說太困難了
He spoke for one hour.	他讲了一小时
I am dying for a cold drink.	我迫切需要冷饮
Most students come to school on foot.	大多数学生步行去学校
The cook prepares different dishes every day.	厨师每天准备不同的菜
Because of the storm, we had no choice but to stay at home.	因為暴風雨的關係
I went to school yesterday.	我昨天去学校
Give me something to do.	给我点事做
She handed him the key.	她遞給了他鑰匙
We would like you to come to our party.	我们希望你来我们的聚会
When did you get here?	你是什麼時候來的
If you don't behave, Santa won't come.	你一旦不做个乖孩子
Only four horses competed in the race.	只有四匹馬參加了比賽
Are you looking for work?	你在找工作吗
They forgot to lock the door.	他们忘了锁门
English has many loan words from French.	英语有很多法语外来词
Something weird's going on.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
Boil some water.	烧一点水
After dinner, I did my homework.	我吃完晚飯後做作業
Tom donates half his salary to his favorite charity.	汤姆捐一半他的薪水给他最喜欢的慈善机构
Goodbye and good luck.	再见
I've never seen such a wonderful sunset.	我从没见过那么壮丽的日落景色
She went to the hospital by taxi.	她搭計程車去醫院了
What would you like?	你想要甚麼
I was the one who had to tell Tom.	该由我告诉汤姆
Drive safely.	安全地駕駛
My father has five brothers and sisters.	我父親有五個兄弟姐妹
If I were you, I'd do the same.	如果我是你
Are you Tom?	你是汤姆吗
I've rented a room not far from here.	我租了一間離這裡不遠的屋子
The thief ran away.	小偷跑了
Do you remember where we first met?	你还记得我们第一次见面是在哪里吗
Go up the stairs.	上楼
We hope you will enjoy the show.	我們希望你喜歡這個表演
Tom has lived here since 2003.	汤姆自从
Tom has done that many times before.	汤姆之前做过很多次
Where's my apple juice?	我的蘋果汁在哪
I have to paint it.	我必須把它漆上油漆
I am very interested in French.	我對法語很感興趣
I have money.	我有钱
Can I borrow your knife?	能借给我你的刀吗
I met him at Tokyo Station.	我去东京站见他
He was born in Africa.	他出生在非洲
It's very simple.	这很简单
Wipe your eyes.	擦擦你的眼睛
You may not come in.	你不能進來
I am interested in this story.	我對這個故事感興趣
Tom is three years older than Mary is.	汤姆比玛丽大三岁
Staying up late at night is very bad for your skin.	熬夜是皮肤的大敌
Would you like a tour?	你想去參觀嗎
It is going to be cold tonight.	今晚會很冷
He catches colds very easily.	他很容易感冒
You made an error.	你犯了个错误
There are no people who don't desire peace.	沒人不渴望和平
The temperature has suddenly dropped.	气温突然下降了
English is too difficult for me to understand.	英語對我來說太難理解了
I went to drink a beer with my friends.	我去和朋友喝了杯啤酒
Tom is used to getting up early in the morning.	汤姆习惯早起
Some abstract art is difficult to understand.	一些抽象藝術是很難理解的
No matter what happens, I'm prepared.	不管發生什麼事
I don't quite follow you.	我聽不太懂你的意思
Tom speaks without thinking.	汤姆不假思索脱口而出
Thank you ever so much.	非常感谢
I will give you this book.	我会把这本书给你
A barber is a man who shaves and cuts men's hair.	理髮師是為男人刮鬍子和剪頭髮的人
We missed you.	我們想你
I don't think that I really have a problem.	我不認為我真的有問題
I'm interested in history.	我對歷史有興趣
It's not quite ready yet.	还没怎么准备好
A typhoon is approaching Japan.	颱風正接近日本
Thanks for yesterday.	昨天的事真的要谢谢您了
Mary helped her mother with the cooking.	瑪麗幫她母親做飯
The students are all at their desks now.	学生们现在都坐在桌前
It's not a road, but a path.	它不是一條路
Why did you use up all the money?	为什么你花了所有钱
I don't want everyone to think I'm stupid.	我不想讓任何人認為我傻
Shut the door.	关门
Have you smelled it?	你闻吗
Which cup is yours?	哪个是你的杯子
It isn't going to take long.	不會花很多時間的
It's up to you.	这就要看您了
I've been very busy recently.	我最近很忙
He prefers French to German.	他喜歡法語勝過德語
We sell orange juice.	我們賣柳橙汁
Sport knows no borders.	体育无国界
I go to church every day.	我每天上教堂
You should take care of your sick mother.	你應該照顧你生病的母親
Summer is over.	夏天过去了
Breakfast is ready.	早饭准备好了
He managed to get there in time.	他設法及時到達那裡了
Are you going to the gym today?	你今天去不去健身房
Ostriches can't fly.	鸵鸟不会飞
What happened here was unavoidable.	这里发生的事是不可避免的
These days I'm very busy.	我最近忙得很
She finished ironing the clothes a few minutes ago.	她几分钟前熨完了衣服
I stayed with my uncle last week.	我上週跟我叔叔住在一起
I will ask him about it tomorrow.	我明天會問他
Let Tom live.	給湯姆活路
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple.	如果看起来像个苹果而且吃起来也像苹果的话
Tom hasn't given us anything.	汤姆什么也没给我们
Their wedding will be tomorrow.	他们的婚礼将在明天举行
The French lost the battle of Waterloo.	法國人在滑鐵盧之役吃了敗仗
My mother plays the piano well.	我的母親鋼琴彈得很好
I'll miss you so much.	我會非常想念你
The doctor came immediately.	医生立刻就到了
There's a page missing.	有一页缺了
He is giving his whole attention to that.	他全神贯注
There's a telephone in the hall.	走廊裡有一部電話
I've gained weight.	我增加了體重
Read as much as possible.	盡可能地多閱讀書籍
More often than not, she had to go in person.	很多時候她要親自去
I enjoy taking pictures.	我喜欢拍照
Use it or lose it.	使用它或失去它
It all seems so strange.	看起来全都太奇怪了
I think his opinion is very important.	我認為他的意見非常重要
It's obvious why his stomach hurts.	他為什麼會胃痛的原因很明顯
All three of us are students.	我们三个都是学生
I'm healthy.	我身体很好
Did you go anywhere during the summer vacation?	这个暑假你有去哪儿玩吗
Hot weather will continue, so please watch out for food poisoning.	因为酷暑一直持续着
Are you sure you know how to do this?	你真的知道这个怎么做吗
I suppose you like him.	我猜想您喜欢他
I went to a park this morning.	今天早上我去了公园
This table is clean.	这张桌子是干净的
I don't laugh very often.	我不常笑
Sit wherever you like.	随便坐
They're all college students.	他們都是大學生
He often sits by me and listens to music.	他经常坐在我旁边听音乐
Are you planning to take part in the meeting?	你们准备参加会议吗
Try it once more.	再試一次
Cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult.	把蛋糕等分切開挺難的
Are you serious?	你是认真的吗
I'm proud that my father is a good cook.	我爸爸能做一手好菜
All right. It's a deal.	好
I'd like you to keep this a secret.	我希望你对此保密
He is a learned man.	他是个有教养的人
He's studying.	他在讀書
I got a good grade in English.	我的英文得到了好成績
Look it up in your dictionary.	查查你的字典
I sent her a doll.	我寄给她一个娃娃
I went to bed at twelve last night.	我昨晚十二点去睡的
I'm not going to say it again.	我不会再说这句话了
I recognize that what he says is the truth.	我承认他说的是事实
Children should obey their parents.	孩子應該服從他們的父母
I'm on the balcony.	我在陽臺上
I don't have an ear for music.	我不懂音樂
This makes me happy.	這讓我開心
I wish I could have spoken Spanish.	要是我會說西班牙語就好了
Some of the bluest water in the world is found in Crater Lake.	一些世界上最藍的水在火山湖
What's your problem?	你到底怎麼回事啊
We want to be on the first bus tomorrow morning.	我们想乘明天早上第一班公交车
Have you seen all these movies?	你把電影全看了嗎
Tom has a good memory.	湯姆有好的記憶力
I am short.	我个头矮
Here's your pudding.	这是你的布丁
Two thirds of the employees of this company are engineers.	这个公司二分之三的雇员是工程师
Can't you discount it a little?	你不能打一點折嗎
I recommend it strongly.	我强力推荐它
How many CDs do you have?	你有多少张
Tell me how to use the washing machine.	告訴我洗衣機怎麼用
She has beautiful handwriting.	她的筆跡很美
I hope I can see you at Christmas.	我期望能在圣诞节见到你
Please don't look at me like that.	請不要那樣看我
After two days our food gave out.	过两天我们的食物就发完了
It goes without saying that money cannot buy happiness.	不言自明
We depend on you.	我们可全指望你了
I guess the dog bites.	看来那条狗会咬人
Tom felt his heart beating faster.	湯姆感覺他心跳加快
Tom often fails to keep his word.	汤姆经常不守约
Not a single person arrived late.	沒有一個人遲到
You're a friend of Tom's, aren't you?	你是湯姆的一個朋友
I'll try my best today, too.	今天我也会努力的
I have never fed my dog a banana.	我從沒給我的狗喂過香蕉
He was moved to tears when he heard the news.	当他听到那个新闻的时候
It's actually not that difficult.	實際上沒有那麼難
This story is true.	这个故事是真的
Please don't tell your parents this.	请不要告诉你父母
He is very good at playing violin.	他非常擅長拉小提琴
She is already sleeping.	她已经睡下了
Don't be so careless!	别这么粗心
I have some very good news.	我有一些非常好的消息
I'm going to tell you the truth.	我要告诉你真相
We have more customers than we can count.	我們的顧客比我們可以計數的更多
Study hard.	好好学习
Mary dyed her hair blue.	瑪麗把頭髮染成藍色
I'll give you a ring tomorrow morning.	明天早上我會打電話給你
Why don't you stay a little while?	你為什麼不留下來一會兒
Did you buy juice?	你有買果汁嗎
That wasn't the main reason why Tom needed to do that.	这不是汤姆要做那件事的主要原因
He has been secretly in love with her.	他一直暗恋着她
I come from a large family.	我从一个大家庭来
I hope you have a good trip.	祝您一路顺风
What does Tom know about me?	汤姆知道我的什么
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way.	這班火車如此的擁擠以至於我整個車程都必須站著
Six divided by two is three.	六除以二得三
Read this book.	看这本书
What did you make?	你做了什么
I know everybody here.	我認識這裡的每個人
Let's eat while the food is warm.	讓我們趁熱吃吧
I think Tom has a crush on Mary.	我觉得汤姆爱上玛丽了
What are you driving at?	你在暗示什么
She gave birth to twin girls.	她生了雙胞胎女兒
You should learn to control your emotions.	你應該學會控制自己的情緒
I wonder which way is the shortest.	我想知道哪一條路是最短的
Give me some milk, too.	也給我一些牛奶
We understand.	我们明白
I'm not guilty of anything.	我没有对任何事感到有罪
Who gave this to you?	这谁给你的
What's your occupation?	您的職業是什麼
You made the same mistake as last time.	你犯了跟上次相同的錯誤
Wait for me.	等等我
We played basketball in the gym.	我們在體育館打籃球
His mother was a school teacher.	他的母親是一名學校老師
I'm not serious.	我不是认真的
His explanation is not clear.	他的說明並不清楚
Sorry for being late.	对不起
Do you want to go, too?	你也要去嗎
Grammar is a very complex thing.	语法是很复杂的
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.	我們需要人力仲介公司幫我們找到合適的人來擔任這個管理職位
I watch television in the evening.	我在晚上看電視
There are plenty of fish in this river.	这条河里有很多鱼
He parked his car in front of the building.	他把车停在大楼前
Can we take care of this tomorrow?	这个我们明天能解决吗
I mistook him for his brother.	我把他誤認為是他的兄弟
Tom won't likely be grumpy again today.	汤姆今天脾气不太可能会那么坏了
I haven't had time to look for what you wanted.	我没时间找你想要的东西
Tom and Mary have three sons and a daughter.	Tom	和
I went to Disneyland yesterday.	昨天我去了迪士尼樂園
I think we should try it.	我認為我們該試試
I don't think you did this.	我不认为是你做的
This chair is very comfortable.	这张椅子很舒服
Are you picking me up at 7 tomorrow morning?	你明早
My job is to wash the dishes.	我的工作是洗盤子
He regrets not having worked harder at school.	他后悔在校时没用功读书
Why didn't you tell Tom that you were married?	你为什么不告诉汤姆你已经结婚了
I want to become rich.	我想變有錢
The result confirmed my hypothesis.	这一结果证实了我的猜想
This apple is very red.	这只苹果非常红
Tom seems to be a fairly successful businessman.	汤姆看来是个很成功的商人
I even made Tom laugh.	我甚至讓湯姆笑了
I have to lose weight.	我必须要减肥了
In my opinion, it would be difficult to solve this problem.	在我看来
Are your hands clean?	你的手乾淨嗎
That's odd.	奇怪
I haven't made much progress.	我还没有取得那么大的进展
I'm looking for a small suitcase.	我正在找一個小手提箱
I love jokes about animals.	我爱听有关动物的笑话
I promise I'll do it.	我保证我会做的
This design is very ergonomic.	這個設計很人性化
It's time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.	你该上床了
Bears can climb trees.	熊会爬树
There's no coffee left.	没有咖啡剩下来
He is getting along with his neighborhood.	他與他的鄰居相處
What'll you give Tom?	你要给汤姆什么
My mother is making a cake.	我的母親在做蛋糕
Tom took a step backward.	汤姆后退一步
Volleyball is a lot of fun.	排球很有意思
Keep away from the electrical equipment.	遠離電器設備
She always takes her grandmother for a walk.	她一直带奶奶去散步
She refused to accept the money.	她拒絕接受這筆錢
Accidents happen.	事故發生
There's no space in the room for another bed.	這間房間沒有空間再放一張床了
The project was a complete failure.	這個計劃徹底的失敗了
I'll never allow you to do that.	我絶不會讓你去做
Sorry, can I borrow it for a minute?	不好意思
This might not be a genuine diamond.	這可能不是一顆真的鑽石
Do you know that hotel?	你知道这家旅馆吗
That's a good idea.	那是一個好主意
I can't do any more than this.	我無法再做下去了
I didn't have time to take a shower today.	我今天没时间冲澡
She prepares wholesome meals for her family.	她为她的家人准备健康餐
Are you students?	您們是學生嗎
He wants to get a new dictionary.	他想得到一本新的字典
I listened to some records last night.	我昨晚聽了一些唱片
If you heard her speak English, you would take her for an American.	如果你听到她讲的英语
I know Tom is tired.	我知道湯姆累
The medicine didn't do me any good.	這藥對我沒有任何好處
How about you?	你怎麼樣
What an idiot I am!	我真是個白痴
He is always studying.	他總是在讀書
I hope it'll be fine tomorrow.	我希望明天將是美好的
They were alone in the library.	他們獨自在圖書館裡
You should apologize to your father for not getting home in time for dinner.	你應該為你沒有及時回家吃晚餐向你父親道歉
He gave a ball.	他举办了一场舞会
I want to stay in a hotel near the airport.	我想住在機場附近的旅館裡
I want something sweet to eat.	我想要吃甜的東西
She looks pretty in that dress.	她穿上那件衣服看起來很漂亮
Since my mother was sick, I stayed home from school.	既然母亲病了
I hear that she is a famous actress.	我聽說她是個有名的演員
He's younger than me.	他比我年轻
I caught him by the arm before he could fall.	在他倒下前我抓住了他的手臂
He wants to be a scientist in the future.	他想成为科学家
Did you buy the pomegranate juice?	你买石榴汁了吗
I'm not at all tired.	我根本不累
This bomb can kill a lot of people.	这个炸弹可以炸死很多人
Tom is quite good at cooking.	Tom	對烹飪很在行
What did you do last night?	你昨晚做了什麼
He played baseball after school.	他放学后打棒球
This is a book.	这是一本书
Let your hair down a little.	稍微随意一点
They work only during the day.	他們只在白天工作
I had a happy childhood.	我的童年很快乐
Could I have a cup of coffee?	劳驾
The old man got off the bus.	這位老人下了公車
What's your hobby?	你的爱好是什么
You can buy it for a thousand yen or so.	你能以大约
He likes geography and history.	他喜欢地理和历史
What time did you go to bed yesterday?	你昨天几点睡的
He answered my question with a "no."	他用一個
Will you go to the party tonight?	你今晚會去派對嗎
I can't leave.	我走不了
He is a student at Harvard.	他是一個哈佛的學生
It happened a long time ago.	这事发生在很多年以前
I told them to send me another ticket.	我請他們再寄給我一張票
Tom didn't want to work in Boston.	汤姆不想在波士顿工作
Is there central heating in this building?	这栋楼里面有中央暖气系统吗
I'll see you next Wednesday.	我下星期三见你
I like sports.	我喜歡運動
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想不通过考试
Tom is single and has a three-year-old daughter.	Tom	單身
What's the Wi-Fi password?	Wifi	的密碼是什麼
You don't have to do it right away.	你没必要马上去做
Could I get one more beer, please?	再給我一瓶啤酒好嗎
Father bought me the latest model motorcycle.	父親給我買了最新型的摩托車
Where are the elevators?	電梯在哪裡
He works every day except Sunday.	除了星期天他每天工作
The principal wants to talk to you.	校长想跟你谈话
He put his hands in his pockets.	他把手插進口袋裡
I'm a junior high school student.	我是個國中生
I met a friend at the airport.	我在机场见了个朋友
This is not important.	這個不重要
She complained about my low salary.	她抱怨我的工資低
I'm thinking of going to Europe.	我正在考慮去歐洲
This is going to be very expensive.	这要花很多钱
It's important to follow a strict diet.	重要的是要遵循嚴格的飲食控制
The participants were for the most part women.	参与者大部分是女性
When did your baby start talking?	你的寶寶
Whose is it?	这是谁的
That'll put you in danger.	那將會使你處於危險
You'll have to play it by ear at the interview.	在面試的時候你必須見機行事
I was really very happy.	我真的非常开心
I saw her swim.	我看見她游泳
I am terribly hungry.	我肚子饿极了
I have to take medicine.	我必须吃药
Thank you for coming, Tom.	感谢你的到来
I'm an electrician.	我是一名電工
Are you finished with your work?	你完成你的工作了嗎
Speaking English is very difficult for me.	說英語對我來說很困難
I'm sorry, I forgot my homework.	很抱歉我忘了寫作業
The nail tore his jacket.	這個釘子撕破了他的夾克
I make a point of being punctual.	我重視準時
I do not know whether it is good or not.	我不知道它是好是坏
Who told you that?	是谁给你说那个的呢
That's life.	人生就是如此
I have a high fever.	我烧得很厉害
She is now staying at her uncle's house.	她现在正待在她叔叔家
She didn't go far.	她没有走远
You should drive at a safe speed.	你應該以安全速度駕駛
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay here.	只要你保持安靜
He had kept the secret to himself.	他保守著這個秘密
Thanks for the memories.	感谢那些回忆
What you're saying doesn't make sense.	你说的没有意义
He likes baseball very much.	他非常喜欢棒球
Bread is made from wheat.	麵包是用小麥做成的
Will you join us?	你會參加嗎
Tom's check bounced.	汤姆的支票被退票了
Every great writer seems to have been interested in English.	每一個偉大的作家似乎已經對英語感興趣
I've tried to contact Tom.	我试过去联系汤姆
Our train is delayed.	我們的車誤點了
That was the first time that I'd seen Tom so angry.	那是我第一次见到汤姆如此生气
I'm just a plain old office worker.	我只是一個普通的老式上班族
Please let me off at the next stop.	请在下一站让我下车
He must finish his homework today.	他今天必須完成他的功課
Air is to us what water is to fish.	空气对人来说就是水对鱼的意义
I want this camera.	我要這台相機
Look there.	看那里
Tom pretended to not hear a thing.	汤姆假装没听见
He can be proud of his father.	他可以为自己的父亲而骄傲
I didn't even think of it.	我連想都不想
Here comes the train.	火車來了
I told the policeman what I knew.	我告訴了警察我所知道的
I think you're ready.	我認為你準備好了
I'm sorry that I have kept you waiting so long.	让您等了很久
She married a rich man.	她嫁给了一个有钱人
I suspect that Tom is tired of doing that.	我怀疑汤姆已经厌烦这么做了
I have a home.	我有一个家
Congratulations!	恭喜你
He dwells in the country.	他住在鄉下地區
What do you usually do on Sundays?	你週日通常做什麼
I could swear there's something inside this box.	我能发誓这箱子里有东西
Milk is sold by the pint.	牛奶论品脱卖
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius.	水在攝氏零度時結冰
I ate breakfast at eight.	我八點鐘吃了早餐
Tom didn't know the deadline was today.	汤姆不知道今天是期限
There are many stores in this area.	這個區域有很多商店
Can I ask you a question?	我可以问你个问题吗
The movie's about to start.	电影快要开演了
He was run over by a car.	他被車輾過了
Tom joined our company three years ago.	汤姆三年前进了我们公司
Tom didn't mention seeing Mary.	汤姆没有提到他看见了玛丽
I look forward to it.	我很期待哦
I don't like the way she speaks.	我不喜欢她说话的态度
I can't help admiring his talent.	我不禁欣賞他的才華
He likes to cook for his family.	他喜歡為家人做飯
It goes without saying that money can't buy happiness.	不言自明
Do you have a gift shop here?	你們這裡有禮品店嗎
I caught up with them soon.	我很快就趕上了他們
Many boys and girls were present.	许多男生和女生都出席了
She's neither rich nor famous.	她既没钱
I hope everything goes well.	我希望万事如意
You don't have to raise your voice.	您不需要提高音量
I live near the sea, so I often go to the beach.	我住在海边所以经常去海滩
You look tired.	你看起来很困了
They say this old house is haunted.	據說老房子鬧鬼
Tom began to sing "Happy Birthday" and the entire restaurant joined in.	汤姆开始唱
Speech is silver, silence is gold.	开口是银
He'll come on foot or by bicycle.	他走路或者骑车过来
I do not know when she will come back.	我不知道她什么时候会回来
Are you free this weekend?	這個週末你有時間嗎
I've done this all my life.	这活儿我干了一辈子
I know you're richer than I am.	我知道你比我有錢
Mary and I plan to have two children.	Mary	和我計畫生兩個孩子
I can't believe he did that.	我不能相信他做到了
I'll take you to the bus stop.	我会带你到公交车站
I don't know where Tom was going.	我不知道汤姆往哪去了
All of the students were present.	所有學生都出席了
Why do I even care?	我干嘛在乎
My father gave me a game.	我爸爸给我了个游戏
His low salary prevents him from buying the house.	他的低薪水让他买不了房
Do you have any idea where Tom could be?	你知道湯姆能在哪裡嗎
He accepted my idea.	他接受了我的主意
Five years is too long to wait.	五年太漫長而無法等待
What are you getting at?	你想暗示什么
If that were true, what would you do?	如果这是真的
You have bad breath.	你有口臭
I'm your lawyer.	我是你的律师
Tom doesn't know why Mary is absent.	汤姆不知道为什么玛丽缺席
I'm sorry to bother you so often.	一直打扰你不好意思
It's my turn to decide what to eat.	輪到我決定我們吃甚麼
What does this pen cost?	这支钢笔要多少钱
I was surprised at his strong resemblance to his father.	他像极了他父亲
You are absolutely right.	你完全正確
This letter has no signature.	这封信没署名
Could I use your phone?	我能用你的电话吗
The boy feared the dark.	这个男孩害怕黑夜
The prisoner was brought before a judge.	這個囚犯被帶到法官面前
They were satisfied.	他们满意了
I don't care if you trust me or not.	我不關心你是否信任我
Don't you agree?	你不同意吗
Tom used a fire extinguisher to try and put the fire out.	湯姆試著用滅火器把火撲滅
I've had enough of your excuses.	你给我的理由够多了
Who is in charge of the office while the boss is away?	在主任不在的时候
No one's going to find you.	没有人要去找你
The food tasted slightly of garlic.	這個食物嚐起來有一點大蒜味
The world doesn't revolve around you.	世界不是围着你转的
I know someone who might be able to help.	我知道有個人可能能幫忙
Tom will never willingly go there by himself.	汤姆绝不会愿意独自去那里
Was this wall built to keep people out or to keep them in?	建造这堵墙是为了把人隔在外面还是把他们留在里面
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.	每个人都有他的长处和短处
I erased the blackboard for the teacher.	我为老师擦黑板
Tom is looking for a good job.	汤姆在找工作
What I'm saying is true.	我說的是真的
Why do that now?	为什么现在做那个
Have you ever been to America?	你去過美國嗎
I think I'm coming down with a fever.	我覺得我有點要發燒了
This book's new.	这本书是新的
What have I got to lose?	我要失去什么
Prices are double what they were two years ago.	價格是兩年前的兩倍
He accepted her gift.	他接受了她的礼物
I agree with you on this point.	我同意你這一點
Hurry up, otherwise you'll be late for lunch.	快点
I can't understand why he did that.	我不明白他为什么要做那种事
What trips are you planning?	你在计划什么出游吗
There is no fire without smoke.	沒有不冒煙的火
This is tofu.	这是豆腐
Our teacher made us clean the room.	我們老師要我們打掃這間房間
I'm in absolutely total agreement.	我完全同意
Tom followed.	汤姆跟着
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.	小別勝新婚
He pressured me.	他向我施压
Would you mind saying that once more?	你可以再說一次嗎
The police officer arrested the burglar.	警官逮捕了竊賊
She really wants to lose weight.	她真的想減肥
I have never been to the States.	我从来没去过美国
Let's sit on the grass.	我们坐在草地上吧
Please divide the pizza into three parts.	請把披薩分成三份
We're in a hurry.	我們很匆忙
May I go now?	我现在能去了吗
It is less humid today than it was yesterday.	今天沒有昨天潮溼
The accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow.	事故似乎和厚厚的积雪有关
She has a lot of respect for her teacher.	她非常尊敬她的老师
I'm going out for a while.	我出去一会儿
He paid 1,000 yen for this book.	他花了
When I first came back to Boston, I was really lonely.	当我第一次回波士顿时
I listened to some CDs last night.	我昨晚了聽一些唱片光碟
Tom was on TV last night.	汤姆昨晚上电视了
I haven't been to Australia.	我没去过澳大利亚
I know that can't really happen.	我知道那不會真的發生
I'm not saying that what she did was right.	我的意思不是她做得對
Be realistic.	现实点
I have mixed feelings about this.	我對這件事百感交集
I found that restaurant by accident.	我偶然发现了那家餐馆
There's no rush.	不急
I don't need anybody.	我谁也不需要
You're in better shape than I am.	你的體型比我的好
I don't mind walking in the rain.	我不介意在雨中漫步
Would you like me to explain it?	我為你解釋一下好嗎
"How old are you?" "I'm sixteen."	「	你幾歲
The boy grew up to be a great statesman.	这个孩子长大后成为了一个伟大的政治家
I always eat out.	我總是在外面吃飯
He presented her with a doll.	他送她一個洋娃娃
Tom is reading a book in his room.	汤姆正在自己房间里看书
You are old enough to know better than to act like that.	你夠大了知道不要那樣做
Who is that boy running toward us?	那个朝我们跑过来的男孩是谁
Do I sound in love?	聽起來像是我戀愛了嗎
It's almost six.	快要六點了
How much money did you spend in Boston?	你在波士顿花了多少钱
I forget where I put my hat.	我忘了我把我的帽子放在哪裡了
Our fence is made of iron.	我們的欄杆是鐵做的
He's a friend of my brother's.	他是我弟弟的一個朋友
Shut your eyes.	闭上你们的眼睛
If we'd arrived ten minutes earlier, we would've made it onto the plane.	要是我们早十分钟到的话
It is no use worrying about it.	擔心它是沒有用的
Well done!	干的好
You'd better take an umbrella with you today.	你今天最好隨身帶把傘
What do you think of Tom's cooking?	你覺得
Let's play basketball after school.	讓我們放學後打籃球
I don't care all that much.	我不那么在意
I'm not a child, but sometimes you talk to me as if I were a child.	我不是小孩子
Do you want to come in?	你想进来吗
Mary looks like her mother.	瑪麗長得像她媽媽
I kept singing.	我继续唱歌
How far away are we?	我们有多远了
That red dress suited her.	那件紅色的洋裝適合她
Please show me your stamp album.	請讓我看看你的集郵冊
Ladies and gentlemen, due to an accident at the airport, our arrival will be delayed.	女士们
The train is here.	這班火車已經到了
How much do a dozen eggs cost?	一打鸡蛋多少钱
She got first prize in the eating contest.	她在吃东西比赛里得了一等奖
The rear gate was open.	后门开着
What do you want it for?	你要它干什么
We all felt sorry for Tom.	我們都為
The kitten wants to come in.	小猫想进来
He ate all of the apple.	他把整个苹果都吃了
The law is full of ambiguities.	法律有很多不明确的地方
The faucet is leaking.	水龙头在滴水
All of a sudden, it became cloudy.	忽然天氣轉為多雲
It will be fine this afternoon.	今天下午天氣會很好
His laziness is a bad sign for the future.	他的懒惰是他未来不好的预兆
That's my sole concern.	这是我唯一关心的
I'm working too much.	我工作得太多了
They're self-sufficient.	他们自给自足
Why did she come home early?	為什麼她早回家了
I've done bad things that I should be punished for.	我做了該受罰的壞事
Tom comes here every now and then.	汤姆常来这里
I'm not doing that anymore.	我不再做那事了
Rome is a city worth visiting.	羅馬這個城市值得一遊
I'm not going to show any fear.	我不会表现出恐惧
To have doubts about oneself is the first sign of intelligence.	自我怀疑是聪明的第一标志
Take care when you cross a busy road.	當你穿越交通繁忙的街道時要小心注意
We made the most of the opportunity.	我們盡力地利用了這個機會
I can drive a car.	我会开车
He made an important discovery.	他有了一個重要的發現
I don't know what the next step should be.	我不知道下一步做什么
Keep next Sunday free.	把下周日空出来
I want you to stay a little longer.	我想让你再呆一会
Some people don't know that.	有些人不知道那件事
He has a basket full of strawberries.	他有个装满草莓的篮子
My train left at 7 and arrived in New York at 10.	我乘的火车
This conference is very important. Don't miss it.	這場會議很重要
Our situation should improve in the near future.	我们近期内的情况应该会好转
They became close friends.	他們成了密友
Do you believe in ghosts?	你相信鬼存在吗
Both you and I are men.	你和我都是男人
I see a cat chasing a dog.	我看见一只猫追着一只狗跑
How long are you going to stay?	你准备待多久
Man cannot live forever.	人无法长生不死
Are we finished?	我们完成了吗
Tom really needs help now.	湯姆現在真的需要幫助
He was caught cheating in the exam.	他在考試中作弊時被抓到了
We're going back home.	我们要回家
Tom was just as excited as Mary.	汤姆就和玛丽一样兴奋
Losing your health is worse than losing your money.	喪失健康比喪失金錢更糟糕
Can you spare me a few minutes? I'd like to have a word with you.	你有幾分鐘時間嗎
Education begins at home.	教育从家庭开始
I want to learn standard English.	我想学标准的英语
Would you like some of those pictures?	你想要那些照片中的一些嗎
Are there problems at home?	在家裡有問題嗎
I am not a student.	我不是學生
Tom was very sick.	汤姆很虚弱
It turned out that the rumor was false.	谣言最后被证明是假的
I'm so happy.	我太高兴了
Please be careful when crossing the street.	过马路时请小心
Can I rest a bit?	我能休息一会儿吗
I almost forgot all about that.	我幾乎忘了所有關於那件事
Mix the flour with two eggs.	把麵粉和兩顆雞蛋混合
I invited them to the party.	我邀請了他們參加派對
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.	情人眼裡出西施
Tom drank some juice.	Tom	喝了些果汁
Come on, let's go.	来吧
I don't know if I can help.	我不知道能不能帮上忙
My son is now as tall as I am.	我儿子现在和我一样高了
I sure hope this is a dream.	我当然希望这是一个梦
I've gotten better.	我已經變得好多了
That was three days ago.	这是三天之前了
Who taught you how to dance?	谁教你跳舞的
My room is very small.	我的房間很小
I've caught a bad cold.	我得了重感冒
UN stands for the United Nations.	UN	代表聯合國
We could see the sunset from the window.	我们能从窗户看到日落
She read an amusing story to the children.	她给孩子们读了个有趣的故事
Tom added both his and Mary's name to the list.	汤姆将他自己和玛丽的名字添加到了名单上
She failed the examination and I was greatly disappointed.	令我非常伤心的是她考砸了
This case might not get resolved for a while.	這個案件可能不會在短時間內就解決
Marriage is the main cause of divorce.	婚姻是造成離婚的主因
Tom traveled alone.	汤姆独自旅行
I want to study math.	我想学数学
Water is essential to life.	水是生命所不可缺少的
Are you free right now?	你現在有空嗎
I make it a rule not to watch television after nine o'clock.	我规定自己在九点之后不看电视
I talked to friends.	我和朋友们交谈
I like the cold.	我喜歡寒冷
Please be quiet, everybody.	请大家都保持安静
I work for three hours every Sunday morning.	我每个周末早上工作三小时
What did you guys go see?	你们去看啥了
There is no answer to your question.	你的问题没有答案
Who wrote Hamlet?	哈姆雷特是誰寫的
The telephone rang several times.	電話響了好幾次
We don't have too much time.	我们没有太多时间
No one thinks Tom will win the race.	沒人認為湯姆賽跑會贏
Bird watching is a nice hobby.	观察鸟类是个很好的业余爱好
Have you already fed the horses?	你喂过马了吗
She got all dolled up for her big date.	为了她的重要约会
Is this book yours?	這是你的書嗎
The picture is in black and white.	那幅画是黑白的
They guarantee this clock for a year.	他們保證這個時鐘可用一年
I forgot to put a stamp on the envelope.	我忘记在信封上贴邮票了
We've decided not to fire you.	我们决定不开除你
The boy came running into the room.	小男孩跑進了房間
I don't know who made the cake.	我不知道這個蛋糕是誰做的
It was extremely scary.	这太可怕了
Who buys this type of art?	谁买这种艺术品
It's your choice.	这是你的选择
The best hairdressers are gay.	最好的理发师是同性恋
You don't look too good.	你看上去不太好
The senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee.	议员受到了议会道德委员会的谴责
What do you think of it?	你認為如何
The poor young man finally became a great artist.	这个可怜的年轻人最后成为了一个了不起的艺术家
Tell me.	告诉我
I wrote this book.	我写了这本书
I'm just beginning.	我才刚开始
She doesn't seem to be an American.	她似乎不是美國人
I turned the doorknob.	我轉動了門把
Some scientists believe that the greenhouse effect is imaginary.	有的科學家認為溫室效應是虛構的
Get out of here.	離開這裡
Smoking is strictly prohibited.	严禁吸烟
There are many ways to improve one's life.	有很多的方法可以改善人的一生
I want to go abroad next year.	我明年想去國外
It's my birthday soon.	我的生日就快到了
He always mistakes me for my sister.	他老是把我和我姐姐搞错
Tom was like a member of our family.	湯姆像是我們家庭的一員
The difference in their ages is six years.	他们差六岁
Do I have to bring my son to your office?	我必須帶我的兒子到你的辦公室嗎
The house was in flames.	房子被火吞噬了
I like to listen to music, especially jazz.	我喜歡聽音樂
When did you begin to learn English?	你们什么时候开始学英语的
See you at the party.	在派對上見
I've won first prize!	我贏得了第一名
Tom can't stay.	汤姆不能留下
What should I bring?	我该带些什么
It was already very late.	天色已晚
She has put on weight recently.	她最近增加了體重
I've got three tickets.	我有三张票
What's the rush?	这么着急干什么
I can't stand that kind of politician.	我不能忍受那種政治家
We only need water.	我们需要的只有水
One must be responsible for one's conduct.	人要为自己的行为负责
Who's working tonight?	今晚谁上班
I'm only here for one day.	我只在这里待一天
He applied himself to the study of music.	他潛心研究音樂
Tom knows how to behave in public.	汤姆知道在公众场合怎么样自处
I'll wait till four o'clock.	我會等到四點
"Is he right?" "I don't think so."	"	他是對的嗎
They aren't dead.	他們沒死
Who is your favorite TV star?	谁是你最喜爱的电视明星
A ring and some cash are missing.	少了一个戒指和一点现金
Words express thoughts.	語詞表達思想
She was aching from head to foot.	她浑身酸痛
How much is the rent per month?	一個月的租金多少
I'll get some glasses.	我會去拿一些玻璃杯
I tried not to wake you up.	我设法不让你醒
Take the first street to the right.	第一條街右轉
I suppose I felt a little jealous.	我想我感到有點嫉妒
He's a meth addict.	他是个吸毒男
He's afraid of making mistakes.	他很怕出错
Get lost!	滚
I didn't catch what he said.	我没听懂他说的话
The bus was ten minutes late.	公车晚了十分钟
In case of fire, dial 119.	遇到火警時
Tom certainly is a good teacher.	湯姆確實是位好老師
She got sick this weekend.	她周末病倒了
Death is like dreaming.	死了就像做梦似的
It's over there.	在那里
Where is the hotel?	旅馆在哪里
She always keeps her promises.	她總是信守承諾
Do you weigh more than Tom?	你有比湯姆重嗎
I'm Tom's assistant.	我是湯姆的助手
Your tie looks good.	你的領帶不錯
Professional writers do not have a regular income.	專職作家沒有固定的收入
The boy took the radio apart.	这个男孩把收音机折散架了
What do you call this bird?	這隻鳥叫作什麼
Thanks for the updates.	谢谢提供新消息
He would not listen to my advice.	他不肯聽我的勸告
Is it OK if I use your phone?	我能用你的电话吗
Ask Tom if you have any doubt.	你如果有疑问
I've just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer.	我剛才吃了壽司喝了啤酒
London is the capital of England.	倫敦是英國的首都
I'm anxious to see you.	我渴望見到你
The doctor cured her of her disease.	医生治好了她的病
Tom doesn't want our help.	湯姆不想讓我們幫忙
How do I change my cell phone's ringtone?	我要怎麼換我的手機鈴聲呢
I don't understand this sentence.	我不明白這句話
Tom was in Boston last weekend.	湯姆上週末在波士頓
Do you know where they come from?	你知道他们来自哪里吗
Tom held up a finger.	Tom	抬起一隻指頭
She likes oranges.	她喜欢橙子
Did you murder Tom?	是你杀了汤姆吗
Christmas is definitely my favorite holiday.	圣诞节绝对是我最喜欢的节日
I hope to retire from work when I'm 60 years old.	我希望在六十歲時退休
Please write to me about conditions at your school.	请写信告诉我你们学校的情况
A tsunami is coming, so please be on the alert.	海啸来了
I thought he loved you, but as it is, he loved another girl.	我以為他愛你
There is a clock on the wall.	牆壁上掛著一個時鐘
I'm looking for work.	我在找工作
How did the traffic accident happen?	車禍是怎麼發生的
Tom and I see each other every day at school.	汤姆和我每天都在学校见面
One is Japanese and the other is Italian.	一个是日本人
I lost my watch yesterday.	我昨天丢了我的手表
I asked Tom why he wasn't here yesterday.	我问汤姆为什么他昨天没在这里
I am glad that you have succeeded.	我很高兴你们成功了
It's been hot this month, but today's an exception.	这个月一直都很热
I can't stop it.	我无法阻止它
He went out in spite of the rain.	尽管下着雨
The price does not include the box.	這個價格不包含這個箱子
She talked as she walked.	她邊走邊談
Are we done?	我们完成了吗
You must be back by 10 o'clock.	你必須在
I want much more.	我要多很多
It seemed to be cheap.	似乎很便宜
You're the only one who understands me.	只有你懂我
Tom doesn't know what he should do now.	汤姆不知道他现在应该做什么
Tom glanced at the clock on the wall.	湯姆瞥了墻上的錶一眼
She saw a tall man yesterday.	她昨天看见一个高大的男人
Tom wrote a letter to Mary this morning.	Tom	今天早上寫了封信給
Will you send for a doctor?	你會派人去請醫生來嗎
He asked me a question.	他問了我一個問題
Turn the computer on.	打開電腦
Cows give milk.	牛可产奶
All that glitters is not gold.	發光的未必都是金子
Tom doesn't speak French very well.	湯姆說法語說得不太好
Pardon me, but that's my racket.	抱歉
How long will we have to wait?	我們要等多久
You aren't coming, are you?	你不會來
He is going to leave tomorrow afternoon.	他將在明天下午離開
I can't see anything.	我看不到任何東西
The price of rice has come down.	米价下跌了
Are you finished with your work?	你完成你的工作了吗
I'm not as strong as I used to be.	我不跟以前一樣強壯了
I'm suffering from a bad headache.	我頭痛得厲害
We all have secrets.	我們都有秘密
Paper was invented by the Chinese.	紙是由中國人發明的
She kept on working.	她繼續工作
Talking during a concert is rude.	在音樂會中說話是不禮貌的
We often associate black with death.	我们常把黑色跟死亡联系起来
Those were difficult times.	那是困难时期
When did you go to bed last night?	你昨天几点睡的
I'm going to lose.	我要输了
She was out when I called.	我给她打电话的时候她不在
When I first met Tom, I didn't like him much.	我第一次見到湯姆時
She gets good marks in English.	她取得了優異的英語成績
Tom is not a very good driver.	湯姆不是一個好司機
Tom knows that we aren't happy.	湯姆知道我們不高興
No matter where you go, I'll follow you.	無論你去哪裡我都會跟著你
It's very important to get enough rest.	充足的休息十分重要
Sorry it took me so long to write to you.	對不起
I asked him if he knew her address.	我问他是否知道她的住址
Our native language is Japanese.	我們的母語是日語
You're on the right track.	你的想法是對的
We lost our way in the woods.	我们在树林中迷路了
I think I know who stole your watch.	我認為我知道是誰偷了你的手錶
You've got a lot of willpower.	你的意志力很強
January is usually the coldest month.	一月通常是最冷的月份
I'm looking for a part-time job.	我正在找一份兼職的工作
I was born in the winter.	我在冬天出生
I know that she is Spanish.	我知道她是西班牙人
Tom doesn't know what it's like to be poor.	汤姆不知道贫穷的感受
Who's your favorite character in this book?	你最喜歡這本書中的哪個角色
The man must work.	男人应该工作
Tom didn't even notice Mary had gone.	湯姆甚至沒注意到瑪麗走了
I had my teeth examined at the dentist's.	我在牙医那儿检查了牙齿
There must be some misunderstanding between us.	我们之间肯定有误会
There were a lot of people in the park.	公园里有很多人
She speaks relatively fast.	她说话相当快
There was no one in the room.	房間裡沒有人
My hand is so cold I can't feel it anymore.	我的手冷到沒有感覺了
We accept your challenge.	我們接受你們的挑戰
If you're not listening to the radio, turn it off.	要是你不在听广播的话
Tom is boring.	汤姆是个无聊的人
What's your favorite home-cooked food?	你最喜歡的家常菜是什麼
Tom is careful, isn't he?	湯姆很仔細
I didn't feel like buying a car.	我不想買車
Tom won't stop.	湯姆不會停
I didn't order this.	我没有预定这个
Is this ladder strong enough to bear my weight?	这个梯子是否足够坚固以承受我的重量
We should ban advertising aimed towards children.	我们应该禁止针对儿童的广告
I will wait here until he comes back.	我会等在这儿直到他回来
Tom used to work here.	汤姆过去在这里工作
This is a test.	这是一个测试
You should know better than to ask a lady her age.	你應該知道不要問小姐的年齡
You're so right.	你真是太對了
They got married six months ago.	他們六個月前結婚了
Will you help me move this desk?	你能幫我搬這張桌子嗎
Excuse me, but could you tell me how to get to Central Park?	不好意思
Computers are capable of doing extremely complicated work.	电脑可以做极为复杂的工作
What made her do that?	为什么她要做这种事情呢
I'm sorry, I don't have change.	對不起
Tom wants to tell you about Mary.	汤姆想跟你说玛丽的事
Turn on the computer.	打開電腦
We can't sit idly by.	我們不能光坐著
"When will you come back?" "It all depends on the weather."	“	你什么时候回来呀
You won't be happy no matter what I do.	无论我做什么
They made us work all night.	他們要我們整夜工作
I returned his book to him.	我把他的书还给了他
I cannot agree with you on the matter.	在这件事上
There is a small garden in front of my house.	我家前面有个小庭院
Your room is very big.	你们的房间很大
My watch has stopped.	我的錶停了
I haven't started anything yet.	我还没开始做任何事
Tom likes sitting on the floor.	汤姆喜欢坐在地上
The thief got in without being noticed.	小偷在沒有被發現的情況下進去了
You should go and brush your teeth.	你該去洗牙了
We get together once a year.	我們一年聚一次
You'll find this map very useful.	你會發現這張地圖非常有用
She's sure to succeed.	她理所当然的取得了胜利
He earns twice as much as me.	他的工资是我的两倍
Your manners aren't very good.	你的舉止不是很好
I also heard a similar story.	我也听过一个类似的故事
Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.	八點半開始上課
She lived a long life.	她活了很久
All of them agreed to the proposal.	他們所有的人都同意這項建議
Thank you for yesterday.	昨天的事真的要谢谢您了
I've got a bike.	我有一輛自行車
My uncle gave me a camera.	我叔叔給了我一個照相機
These are my pencils.	这些是我的铅笔
How often do you feed the fish?	你多久餵一次魚
I had an accident at work.	我出了工伤
Are you looking for something?	您在找什么吗
The ladies' room is on the third floor.	女厕所在三楼
If anything should happen, please let me know.	如果发生了什么事
They went to Tottori.	他們去了鳥取
He seems to be sick.	他好像病了
Thousands of people died of hunger.	數千人死於飢餓
I've done everything necessary.	我做完了所有重要的事
You should follow the doctor's advice.	你應該遵照醫生的忠告
Tom said that he didn't like air conditioning.	湯姆說他不喜歡空調
There is a cup on the table.	桌上有個杯子
Hang on.	坚持
The pain has started to ease now.	痛开始减轻了
Take care.	照顾好自己
It hasn't been easy.	它不容易
The dictionary on the desk is mine.	书桌上的词典是我的
It'll take too much time for Tom to get here.	汤姆到这里要花好长时间
I'm the second oldest of three children.	我是三个孩子中第二大的
He likes both music and sports.	他喜歡音樂和運動
Tom was born in Boston in 2013.	汤姆出生于
Tom was afraid to ask for help.	汤姆不敢求助
They made the novel into a drama.	他們把這本小說變成戲劇
We must conform to the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
We're the same age.	他和我同岁
He was admitted without taking the exam.	他承認沒有參加考試
Choose the one you like.	選一個你喜歡的
Do you care what they think?	你关心他们在想什么吗
Are you good at speaking French?	你法语说得好吗
My eyesight is beginning to fail.	我的视力正慢慢下降
That's just your imagination.	这只是幻想而已
When did it happen?	什麼時候發生的
While you are reading to me, I can do my sewing.	你读给我听的时候
Health is more important than wealth.	健康胜于财富
She's a woman of strong character.	她是一個性格堅強的女人
I'll stop by your place on my way home.	我会在回家的路上顺便去你家
I wish you could come with us.	但願你可以跟我們一起來
Come over to my place.	到我家来吧
How long does the airport bus take to the airport?	乘机场大巴去机场要多久
They gave him up for lost.	他們為失敗放棄了他
I can't drink milk.	我不能喝牛奶
I have to go to the hospital.	我需要去醫院
Will you lend your dictionary to me?	把你的字典借給我好嗎
Put handcuffs on him.	把他铐上
I want a boat that'll take me far away from here.	我想要一艘船带我远离这里
The child caught the cat by the tail.	孩子抓住了猫的尾巴
I am coming.	我來了
Tom refused to answer any questions.	湯姆拒絕回答任何問題
Don't show your face around here again.	你不要再出現在這裡了
Are you angry with Tom?	你在生汤姆的气吗
My mother likes tea very much.	我媽媽很喜歡茶
I told Tom what to do.	我告诉了汤姆要做什么
The king abused his power.	國王濫用權力
I'm not jealous.	我不嫉妒
Can you forgive me?	可以原谅我吗
What is the name of this river?	這條河叫什麼名字
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.	伯拉罕
What grade is your sister in?	你的妹妹唸幾年級
Tom comforted Mary.	湯姆安慰了瑪麗
She took a taxi to the hospital.	她搭計程車去醫院了
Everything matters.	任何事情都是重要
The blue lines on the map represent rivers.	地图上的蓝线代表河流
We promise you we'll never do it again.	我们保证我们不会再做了
I don't know your reasons for not liking Tom.	我不知道你不喜欢汤姆的理由
My passport's been stolen.	我护照给偷了
I played with the baby on my knee.	我在膝蓋上跟嬰兒玩
I'm responsible for that.	我对此负有责任
Humans only live about 70 years.	一个人只能活七十岁左右
Tom knows that you know.	湯姆知道你知道
What do you usually do in your free time?	你在閒暇的時候一般做什麼
This is a good hospital.	这是一家好医院
They bought a box of cookies.	他们买了一盒曲奇
There's nothing important in the paper.	报纸上没什么重要的东西
I've just been to the post office.	我剛剛去了郵局
What would you do if you had ten thousand dollars?	如果你有一万美元
I'll tell Tom tomorrow.	我明天告訴湯姆
I can't believe you bought this.	我不信你買了這個東西
I'm looking for a job.	我在找工作
Tom told me that his father had passed away.	汤姆告诉我他父亲去世了
She asked him to open the window.	她請他打開窗口
When did she promise to meet him?	她答应几时见他
He is good at rugby.	他很擅長橄欖球
He sold his business and retired.	他賣掉了他的事業並且退休
I swear that I'll never do such a thing.	我发誓我不会做这种事
I need more time.	我需要更多时间
His clothes are out of fashion.	他的衣服過時了
I hate chemistry.	我讨厌化学
That's my toothbrush.	這把是我的牙刷
Don't speak to anyone.	你們別和任何人說
Let's make some more.	我們做多一點
I don't believe that ghosts exist.	我不相信鬼魂存在
I studied in the morning during the summer vacation.	我在暑假里早晨学习
She put the money in the bank.	她把钱放在银行里
Tom did the same thing.	汤姆做了同样的事
He got away disguised as a policeman.	他偽裝成警察逃跑了
I was terribly confused by his question.	我對他的問題感到非常迷惑
It seems very interesting.	它似乎很有趣
The man reading a paper over there is my uncle.	在那儿看报纸的男人是我叔叔
They must have had an accident.	他們一定發生了意外
Why do you ask?	你問這個幹什麼
I admire you.	我欣赏你
I need to renew my passport.	我必须更新我的护照
I don't mind if I get wet.	我不介意被弄濕
I heard an unusual sound.	我聽到一個不尋常的聲音
In case of fire, break the glass and push the red button.	万一发生火灾
I was searched by the customs officers at the airport.	我在機場被海關人員搜查
You have to choose.	你必须选
She lacks common sense.	她缺乏常识
Do you have a non-smoking section?	你們有非吸煙區嗎
The rain is beating against the windows.	雨点打着窗户
I guess I'll have to leave now.	我想我現在得走了
Please open the window.	麻煩你開一下窗
They married when they were young.	他們在還很年輕的時候就結婚了
He asked his friends for help.	他尋求他的朋友的幫助
Who cares when she gets married?	誰在乎她何時結婚
I don't think I'll ever meet him.	我不認為我會再跟他見面
Those flowers have died.	那些花死了
She looks unhappy.	她看起来不幸福
He ran away with the money.	他携款潜逃
I am positive that he has finished.	我確信他已經完成了
I was unable to go to his birthday party.	我那时没法去他的生日派对
Hand me my towel.	幫我遞一下毛巾
You live in Boston now, don't you?	你住在波士頓
Our train arrived on time.	我们的火车准时来到
Tom isn't very strict about it.	湯姆對此不嚴格
Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.	玛丽哭着从学校跑回了家里
There was nothing left in the fridge.	冰箱里什么都没剩下
It's not important.	這個不重要
Stop joking around.	別開玩笑了
He lives just around the corner.	他就住在附近
A man suddenly appeared in the doorway.	一个男的突然出现在门口
I may give up soon and just take a nap.	也许我会马上放弃然后去打盹
What is your greatest source of inspiration?	什么是您最大的灵感来源
Let's leave as soon as he arrives.	他一到
Ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids.	埃博拉通过体液在人与人之间传播
I need a stamp.	我需要一張郵票
There's no more salt.	没有盐了
I paid about fifty dollars.	我花了大約五十美元
He looks older than my brother.	他看起來年紀比我的兄弟大
Tom has absolutely no enemies.	汤姆绝没有敌人
She spends her free time making dolls.	她利用空闲时间做布娃娃
How is it going?	你們好嗎
After a storm comes a calm.	暴風過後是寧靜
It is really cheap.	它真的很便宜
Are you carrying a lot of money?	你身上有很多钱吗
Tom avoids Mary whenever possible.	湯姆盡量避開瑪麗
Yes, of course.	是的
How about another piece of cake?	你要再來一塊蛋糕嗎
I know those tall girls quite well.	我跟那些高個子的女孩很熟稔
Write something.	寫點什麼
I can usually tell when someone is hiding something from me.	我常常能分辨出来一个人是不是瞒着我什么事情
I really agree with you.	我非常同意你
He has never played golf.	他从没打过高尔夫球
You can count on her.	你可以相信她
What's the idea behind that?	那背后是什么意思
How can I reach you?	我怎么联系你
I don't know about the past, but now we have faxes and emails.	我不知道以前怎样
Everyone knew Tom was good at French.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
Wherever you go, I will follow you.	無論你去哪裡我都會跟著你
I don't want to talk about it.	我不想谈论这个问题
Don't be too sensitive to criticism.	不要对批评太敏感了
John is two years older than I am.	John	比我大两岁
They were listening to the radio.	他們在聽收音機
She gave me a watch.	她給了我一支手錶
Follow him.	跟著他走
Put away your bicycle.	把你的自行车放好
I'm already married.	我已婚
She tried to kill herself.	她企圖自殺
She is a quiet woman.	她是一個安靜的女人
Is something wrong?	有什么不对吗
It's foggy outside.	外面起霧了
Where do I pay for the gas?	我该在哪儿付煤气费
Tom likes cheese.	汤姆喜欢芝士
Can't you do something to help me?	你不能做些事來幫助我嗎
Who did you see at the station?	你在車站看見了誰
A card was attached to the gift.	一張卡片被附在了禮物上
The taxi has arrived.	出租车到了
Do black holes exist?	黑洞存在吗
I want Tom put in prison.	我想讓湯姆進監獄
She continued with the work.	她继续工作
Let me have a look at your notebook.	請給我看一下你的筆記本電腦
How many tickets do you have left?	你还剩下几张票
Have you seen a brown wallet around here?	你在附近看见过一只咖啡色的钱包吗
Tom had a lot of problems at the school.	汤姆在学校遇到了很多问题
Tom seems a little confused.	湯姆看來有點困惑
She does not like sushi.	她不喜欢寿司
Look out!	当心
They had a rest for a while.	他們休息了一會兒
How many children do you have?	你有幾個小孩
We're on strike because the company hasn't improved our wages.	我們罷工是因為公司沒有改善我們的工資
My mother is a very good cook.	我媽媽是一個很棒的廚師
That's not what I told Tom.	那不是我對湯姆說的
I know the problem.	我知道问题
She always lets her children do what they want to.	她總是讓自己的小孩做自己想做的事
It's really different from what I expected.	這真的跟我所預期的不同
I'm afraid the job I've got for you won't be easy.	我恐怕我給你找的工作不輕鬆
I rented a house with a garage.	我租了一間有車庫的房子
He's busy.	他很忙
I kept on singing.	我继续唱歌
You should obey your parents.	你该听你父母的话
She likes oranges.	她喜歡柳橙
He is very fond of music.	他非常喜歡音樂
She managed to drive a car.	她成功地開車了
Try not to get lost this time.	這次別迷路
I took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus.	我把他带到校区里最贵的餐馆去了
She works from nine.	她九点开始工作
You're frightening me.	你在嚇我
I wish I was young again.	我希望我再年輕一次
Do you have any pencils?	你有鉛筆嗎
I should have taken the money.	我應該拿那些錢的
She gets up the earliest in my family.	她是我家最早起床的人
The monkey fell from the tree.	猴子從樹上掉了下來
He carried six boxes at a time.	他一次搬
My father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was.	我爸爸对我的爱和照顾不比我妈妈少
When I hear this song, I think of you, and miss you.	當我聽到這首歌
This wine is very good.	這酒很好
Tom has been here since 2013.	湯姆從
I can't answer your question.	我無法回答你的問題
Let's go!	我們走吧
I'm sorry, I can't stay long.	对不起
Where does your uncle live?	你叔叔住在什麼地方
I advise you to change clothes.	我建議你換衣服
We all fell asleep.	我们都睡着了
Why were you late?	你为什么迟到
Tom didn't write back to Mary.	汤姆没回复玛丽
He teaches English to his friend.	他對他的朋友教英語
I have no money on me.	我身上没有钱
As is evident from the data, smoking is not decreasing among the young.	数据表明年轻人抽烟的现象没有减少
Everyone in the room was stunned by what happened.	屋裡的每個人都被發生的事驚住了
She is watering the flowers.	她正在澆花
It isn't spring yet.	春天尚未來臨
I don't think she can speak French.	我認為她不會講法語
I intend to go to the barbershop.	我打算去理髮店
What made her do so?	为什么她要做这种事情呢
He wants more.	他想要更多
You should consult your doctor.	你應該諮詢你的醫生
The cat is under the table.	猫在桌子底下
Tom sits in front of his computer eight hours a day.	汤姆每天都花八个小时看电脑
Do you guys want to go with me?	你們要和我一起去嗎
Instead of going to Europe, I decided to go to America.	我决定去美国
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.	我们去不去那儿由你来决定
There were risks.	有風險
Tom baked some chocolate chip cookies.	汤姆烤了些巧克力脆饼
I want to ask him for his phone number.	我想问他的电话号码是多少
Tom wouldn't dare show his face around here again.	汤姆不敢再到这里露面
Last year in the Philippines, earthquakes and tidal waves resulted in the deaths of more than 6,000 people.	去年在菲律宾
We must try to break the deadlock.	我们必须设法打破这个僵局
I like the taste of watermelon.	我喜欢西瓜的味道
I wanted to cry.	我想哭
It's unfortunately true.	可惜这是真的
Tom laughed for no reason.	湯姆無故地笑
Right now, we have blueberries, blackberries, cherries, strawberries, peaches and nectarines.	現在我們有藍莓
I promise that I'll come.	我保证我会来
Is the party over?	聚會結束了嗎
Tom doesn't like cheese.	湯姆不喜歡乳酪
My father neither drinks nor smokes.	我爸爸既不喝酒也不抽烟
Turn around.	转过来
Fish such as carp and trout live in fresh water.	鱼类例如鲤鱼和鳟鱼生活在淡水中
The tire leaks air.	轮胎漏气了
May I have a road map, please?	請給我一張路線圖
Remember to mail this letter tomorrow morning.	明天早上記得去寄這封信
Tom's hope was to win first prize.	湯姆希望贏得第一名
You'd better tell us what's going on.	你最好告诉我们发生了什么
I'm sick.	我病了
Why do you think Tom doesn't like it?	你為甚麼認為湯姆不喜歡它
A thousand yen will do.	1000	日元足够了
The girl is small for her age.	就她的年齡來說
Turn the light on, please.	麻煩開燈一下
Tom is wearing the same clothes he wore yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
Christmas is coming.	聖誕節快到了
Tom doesn't seem to think so.	汤姆似乎不这么认为
There's a problem there that you don't see.	有个问题你没有想到
I made a paper plane.	我折了架纸飞机
This is an interesting book, isn't it?	这是本有趣的书
Do you know how to play the organ?	你会弹管风琴吗
Sales should double this year.	今年销售会翻番
Last summer I traveled to Italy.	去年夏天我去意大利旅行
He's started looking for a job.	他开始找工作了
Did you get up early?	你起床早嗎
Tom wants to pay back the money he owes.	汤姆想去还欠的钱
I can't make that decision for you.	我沒有辦法替你做這個決定
How far is it from here?	离这儿有多远
I can't believe Tom kissed me.	我不敢相信汤姆亲了我
How did you know that I liked Tom?	你怎么知道我喜欢汤姆
Eating habits differ from country to country.	各國有不同的飲食習慣
The sky is light blue.	天空是浅蓝的
They are my brothers.	他们是我的兄弟
No one can help me.	谁也不能帮我
I have no time for reading.	我没时间阅读
A liar needs to have a good memory.	说谎的人需要很好的记忆力
I stayed up late last night.	我昨晚睡得晚
How old is this zoo?	這間動物園多久了
I talked to him on the telephone yesterday night.	我昨晚跟他通电话了
Would you pass me the salt, please?	請你把鹽遞給我好嗎
He swims better than I do.	他游泳游得比我好
Australia is smaller than South America.	澳洲比南美洲小
He is afraid to fly in an airplane.	他怕坐飞机
Please take your hat off.	请您摘下您的帽子
Tom wrote his name in the sand with a stick.	汤姆用棍子在沙上写了他的名字
He has lived here for one week.	他已經住在這裡一個星期了
He's afraid of dogs.	他怕狗
I can teach you how to drive.	我会教你怎么开车
Playing tennis is fun.	打網球很有趣
This knife is very sharp.	这把刀很锋利
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.	我吃膩了漢堡
I wish I could go to Japan.	要是能去日本就好了
We like playing soccer.	我們喜歡踢足球
You were treated unfairly.	你被不公平地對待
I'm a professor.	我是大学教授
I'm not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.	我不太確定我們是否能夠滿足你的要求
He is acquainted with my wife.	他是我太太认识的一个人
I love apple juice.	我愛蘋果汁
School is over at 3:30.	学校
I caught my finger in the door.	我的手被门夹到了
Those women are Canadians.	那些女人是加拿大人
What steps should we take?	我们应该走出什么样的步伐
Mary works as a cashier.	玛丽是个收银员
Is it large enough?	這麼大的夠用嗎
I hope he hasn't had an accident.	我希望他沒發生意外
Soccer is more popular than tennis.	足球比網球更受歡迎
We need more.	我們需要更多
You should begin with easier questions.	你應該先從最簡單的問題開始
I'm glad we hired you for this job.	我很高兴我们录用了你来担任这份工作
What did Tom do today?	汤姆今天做了什么
I know where he comes from.	我知道他来自哪里
What's your favorite item of clothing?	你最喜欢哪类的衣服
I always kept my promises.	我一直信守我的諾言
All aboard!	请上船
Your dog is here.	你的狗在這
She lived a lonely life.	她的生活很寂寞
You aren't afraid of ghosts, are you?	你不怕鬼
He neglected his duties.	他怠忽職守了
Tom built his own motorcycle.	湯姆造了他自己的摩托車
My aunt gave me an album.	我姑姑給了我一張唱片專輯
God bless America.	上帝保佑美国
Something is starting to happen.	有什么要开始了
We saw her off at the airport.	我们在机场为她送行
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.	日本的新學年在四月開始
Will you wait a moment?	麻煩您稍待一下
The phone rang while I was taking a shower.	我在洗澡的时候
Let's play tennis this afternoon.	讓我們今天下午打網球
I didn't ask Tom for help.	我没有找
You worry about your weight too much.	你太担心您的体重了
Today is very warm.	今天很热
He always takes sides with her.	他總是跟她站在同一邊
I'm very sorry that I came home so late.	我很抱歉那么晚回家
You don't need to do this.	你不需要做这事
"The good die young" is an old saying which may or may not be true.	“	好人不长命
The paint was peeling off the wall.	油漆從牆上脫落
We'll never forget your kindness.	我們永遠不會忘記你的親切
Can I ask you a question?	我能问您一个问题吗
I often have nightmares.	我经常做噩梦
Tom has something else to say.	湯姆還有想說的事
I know that Tom can stop me from doing that.	我知道汤姆不能阻止我做那件事
He was the first person to arrive.	他是第一個到達的人
Why don't you give it another try?	你為什麼不再試一次
You must wait for the next bus.	你得等下一班公車
The two men were business partners.	这两个男人是生意上的合作伙伴
"Can somebody help me?" "I will."	"	誰可以來幫我一下
You need to have friends who can help you out.	你需要可以幫助你的朋友
People should be the masters of their own destinies.	每個人都應該做自己命運的主人
Tom said that he had been cleaning the house all day.	汤姆说他打扫屋子打扫了一天
I wonder if you are as busy as we are.	我担心你會跟我們一樣忙
Her grandmother lived to be 88 years old.	她的祖母活到了
I like bright colors.	我喜歡明亮的顏色
Tom very often takes a nap for an hour after lunch.	汤姆很经常在午饭后小憩一小时
Do you like spinach?	你喜歡菠菜嗎
I don't know whether she will come.	我不知道她是否會來
Look at that tall building.	看那棟高樓
Tom hung his jacket in the hall closet.	汤姆把夹克挂在大厅衣柜里
I shouldn't have lied to you.	我不該對你說謊
It's going to rain this evening.	今天晚上會下雨
Tom, I want to have a chat with you.	Tom，	我想和你談談
I'm almost 180 centimeters tall.	我差不多
The ages of the two children put together was equivalent to that of their father.	两个孩子的年龄加起来和他们的父亲相当
I think so, too.	我也这么想
I know everyone here.	我認識這裡的每個人
Don't touch this with your dirty hands.	别用你的脏手碰这个
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?	你今天下午想不想去动物园
I need to know tomorrow.	我明天需要知道
Tom didn't need to finish that work by today.	汤姆不必今天就完成那工作
I love her.	我愛她
May I open the box?	我能打开盒子吗
A true gentleman would not betray his friends.	一个真正的绅士不会出卖他的朋友
He's staying with his uncle.	他在他舅舅那裏過夜
It was a calm winter evening.	这是个静谧的冬夜
"I like traveling." "So do I."	“	我喜欢旅游
My father will kill me.	我爸会杀了我的
Have you finished your coffee?	你喝完咖啡了吗
He erased his speech from the tape.	他把他的那段话从磁带里删除了
I am not good at mathematics.	我的數學不好
He got engaged to my cousin.	他和我的堂姊妹订婚了
What are you saying?	你在说什么呢
I'm going out this afternoon.	今天下午我會外出
When did you last see Tom?	你最后一次看到汤姆是什么时候
You're an optimist.	你是个乐观主义者
Can you save this seat for me?	你可以幫我保留這個座位嗎
The lock is broken.	锁坏了
What are you watching?	你在看什么
The door opened slowly.	门慢慢地开了
We have two ears.	我們有兩隻耳朵
I had difficulty working out the problem.	我在解決這個問題上有困難
English is studied in China, too.	英語在中國也被學習了
Yesterday I met Mary on the street.	昨天我在街上遇見了瑪麗
Fill it up.	把它填滿
She resented being called a coward.	她對被稱為懦夫很反感
Tom often walks to school.	汤姆经常步行去学校
We want Tom.	我们想要汤姆
Tom is absent.	湯姆缺席
Some furniture is put together with glue.	一些家具是用膠水黏在一起
My aunt sent me a birthday present.	我阿姨送了我一個生日禮物
I think he's a great writer.	我认为他是位伟大的作家
Have you finished reading the book?	你讀完這本書了嗎
The storm didn't abate for several hours.	风暴几个小时没有减弱了
I need to know what you think.	我需要知道你怎么想
This could be fun.	這可能很好玩
Are you free this afternoon?	你们今天下午有空吗
I washed my hands.	我洗手了
My passport's been stolen.	我的护照被人偷了
I'll be back in ten minutes.	我
I was quite annoyed.	我被烦死了
Tom likes to sit on the floor.	汤姆喜欢坐在地上
I'm still mad.	我还是很气
My joints ache when it gets cold.	當天氣變冷的時候
What time does the movie start?	電影什麼時候開始
She told me that her mother had bought it for her.	她告诉我她妈妈买给她了
I received a letter written in English yesterday.	昨天
I had to stay in bed all day.	我不得不一整天都呆在床上
She wore a beautiful dress.	她穿著漂亮的洋裝
I want him to read this.	我想让他读这个
You should have come earlier.	你本应该来得更早的
He has just published an interesting series of articles.	他刚发表一系列有趣的文章
Do you know each other?	你們認識嗎
I can't eat this much food.	我不能吃这么多食物
I bought a book.	我買了一本書
We just have to make sure Tom is planning to be here.	我們只是需要確認
I must go now.	我現在必須走了
Tom said he keeps a gun in his home.	湯姆說他的家裡有把槍
My father bought me a bicycle.	我父亲给我买了一辆自行车
What did you do to make Tom cry?	你做了甚麼事把湯姆惹哭了
You're not old enough to get a driver's license.	你还没到可以拿驾驶执照的年龄
The manager approved our plan.	經理批准了我們的計劃
I envied his new house.	我羨慕他的新房子
I would like to have a cup of coffee.	我想要一杯咖啡
Where can I get a taxi?	我在哪裡可以搭到計程車
I know it's difficult to believe.	我知道
Please keep in touch.	请保持联系
He was unsure how he would get there, and when.	他不确定他怎么到那里
Birds fly.	鳥類飛行
I don't know what Tom saw.	我不知道汤姆看到了什么
We have to get through this.	我们要了结此事
I have three tickets.	我有三张票
I think Tom is a bit too impatient.	我觉得汤姆有些过于性急了
Is Tom eating?	汤姆在吃饭吗
Whose car is this?	這輛汽車是誰的
Tom frowned.	湯姆皺著眉頭
It'll rain soon.	天快要下雨了
Buy some milk on your way home.	回来的路上买点牛奶
My idea is different from yours.	我的想法和你的不一样
He takes a walk every morning.	他每天早上都散步
This shirt doesn't go with that tie at all.	這件襯衫跟那條領帶不搭
The speaker's comments were highly offensive.	发言人的评论极有攻击性
Listen to this.	聽聽這個
We need to get some help.	我们需要人帮忙
I don't think this is Tom's umbrella.	我認為這不是湯姆的傘
Ten prisoners broke out of jail.	十名囚犯逃獄了
I go to school by subway.	我坐地鐵上學
She usually goes to bed at nine.	她经常九点睡觉
That young lady is a nurse.	这个年轻女孩是护士
Put the chair in front of the desk.	把椅子放在桌子前面
We can't tell which is better.	我们无法辨别哪个更好
To tell the truth, I don't like him.	老实说
Tom is our oldest son.	汤姆是我们最大的儿子
I just remembered that I was supposed to buy a loaf of bread.	我才想起来我之前该买个面包
Let's meet here again tomorrow.	讓我們明天再在這裡見面吧
Please speak a little more slowly.	請講慢一點
I can feel it.	我感觉得到它
I have a friend whose father is a magician.	我有一個父親是魔術師的朋友
My brother is now in Australia.	我哥哥現在在澳洲
I can't put up with his arrogance.	我不能忍受他的傲慢
I thought that we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.	我以为我们发现了绝妙的藏身之处
Where's the next train going?	下一列火車去哪裡
I am divorced.	我离婚了
I can't fall asleep.	我睡不著
Don't throw rocks into the river.	不要扔石頭到河裡
From the look of the sky, it may rain in the afternoon.	從天色看起來
He is glad to hear the news.	他很高興聽到這個消息
It's business.	公事公辦
Are you two ready?	你们两个人都准备好了吗
Don't be a penny-pincher.	别当守财奴
I threw away my shoes.	我把自己的鞋子扔掉了
I must be getting close.	我一定越來越接近了
Where's the checkout counter?	結帳櫃台在哪裡
I accept the offer.	我接受了报价
With a little more effort, he would have succeeded.	如果他当时再努力一点
The show was wonderful, but the tickets were too expensive.	这场秀棒极了
Would you please look over my report?	你可以仔細檢查一下我的報告嗎
That nurse is very kind and polite.	那个护士人很好
I don't like kids.	我不喜欢小孩
Is there any chance you'll go to Australia next month?	你有下個月去澳大利亞的機會嗎
My room is upstairs on the left.	我的房間在樓上的左邊
Would you mind if I shut the window? I have a slight cold.	你不介意我关窗吧
Tom is always late.	湯姆總是遲到
Do you get up at six?	你六点起床吗
I can't stand this pain.	我無法忍受這個痛苦
Tom is afraid someone will see him.	湯姆怕有人看到他
Tom put a stack of letters on Mary's desk.	汤姆把一叠信放在玛丽桌上
Are you guys crying?	你們在哭嗎
How do you pronounce this word?	你们怎么读这个词
He raised his hands.	他舉起了他的手
He's sharp-witted.	他脑子很灵光
I'm very glad to see you again.	我很高興再次見到你
He's three inches taller than I am.	他比我高三英寸
There was no water in the river.	這條河的水乾了
Happy is the man who is contented.	知足常乐
He's American.	他是美国人
The clock stopped.	鐘停了
She was by far the best singer in the class.	她曾是班上唱歌絕對的第一名
I can't get at the exact meaning of the sentence.	我抓不到句子的确切含义
Every door in the house is locked.	這房子裡的每一扇門都被鎖上了
A parrot can mimic a person's voice.	鸚鵡會模仿人的聲音
I always try to tell the truth.	我總是試著說實話
Our house has three bedrooms.	我們家有三個臥室
I am expecting a letter from her.	我期待她的來信
He doesn't tell lies.	他不说谎
Tom says he can't figure out what Mary wants.	汤姆说他搞不懂玛丽要的是什么
The talks will last three days.	这场谈话将要持续三天
Flour is made from wheat.	面粉是小麦制成的
These are my books, and those are his books.	这些是我的书
We should inform them about that.	我们应该把那件事情告知他们
She wrote to her parents at least once a week.	他给父母写信至少一周一次
I think I'm going crazy.	我认为我快疯了
Where are you?	你在哪儿
I have a friend whose father is a famous novelist.	我有一位朋友
I don't remember doing anything like that.	我不记得干了那样的事情
Do I have to take off my shoes here?	在這裡我必須脫鞋嗎
I'd rather die than surrender.	我寧死也不投降
He went there instead of his father.	他代替他的父親去
Your father is pretty tall.	你爸爸很高
He said that it was nine o'clock.	他说九点了
I wonder why I shouldn't do that.	我纳闷我为什么不该那样做
Tom never did what we asked him to do.	我们叫汤姆做什么
Sleep deprivation increases risk of heart attacks.	睡眠不足增加心臟病發作的危險
Tom wasn't in bed.	湯姆不在床上
Tom, answer me!	湯姆
I see a woman wearing black.	我看见一个穿黑衣服的女人
I need to know.	我需要知道
Tom passed away last night.	汤姆在昨晚去世了
Thank you in advance for your help.	我先谢谢你的帮忙
I'll stay with Tom until you get back.	你回来之前我会跟汤姆在一起
It is true that she is pretty, but she is selfish.	她确实很漂亮
This store is currently selling vegetables.	这家店在卖蔬菜
How high can you jump?	你能跳多高
This is not salt.	这不是盐
I walked to school.	我走路到學校
He has the habit of spitting on the ground.	他有个随地吐痰的习惯
Tom is an unknown artist.	Tom	是個不知名的藝術家
It isn't too late for you.	对你来说还不太晚
He should have the right to decide for himself.	他应该有权利去自己做决定
We don't have any bread left.	我們沒麵包了
At this point, he arrived.	在這時候
Do you want some rice?	你們要米飯嗎
You're the one who must decide.	你是要做決定的人
He forgot to turn off the light.	他忘了關燈
You have such beautiful, hazel eyes.	你有如此美麗的淡褐色眼睛
I put it in the drawer.	我把它放在抽屜裡
What happened to you last night?	昨晚你發生了什麼事
I help my mother with the housework every day.	我每天都帮我妈做家务
We do the best we can.	我们尽我们所能
He is hard to deal with.	他很難對付
Please lend me your knife.	請借我你的刀
"Shall I have him call you when he gets back?" "Yes, please."	“	等他回来
I didn't catch the train.	我沒趕上火車
There are many fish in this lake.	這個湖裡有很多魚
This is really terrible.	这真可怕
Where are your things?	你的東西在哪裡
I have a friend whose father is a teacher.	我有一個朋友
Why don't you want to tell us the truth?	為甚麼你不想告訴我們真相
We have two children.	我們有兩個孩子
Is it true Tom wants to paint his house green?	汤姆想把房子漆成绿色
I went there yesterday.	我昨天去那儿了
Tom was on the list.	湯姆在名單上
Tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns.	海嘯席捲稻田
Modern ships only need a small crew.	現代船隻只需要一小組的船員
He has written a letter.	他寫了一封信
It's hard to believe.	這讓人難以置信
I found the work very interesting.	我覺得這個工作非常有趣
A cold front swept over Europe.	一股寒流侵袭了欧洲
I'm feeling fit.	我覺得精神很好
This is the cheapest shop in town.	這是鎮上最便宜的商店
I have just been to the post office.	我剛剛去了郵局
He usually goes to work at 8 a.m.	通常
It's cold there even in the summer.	那裡連夏天也冷
In doing anything, you must do your best.	做任何事
Are you absolutely certain about this?	你絶對確定這事嗎
They are peace-loving people.	他们是热爱和平的人
He was meditating on his future life.	他正在思考他未来的生活
That was really unfair.	那真不公平
I actually never knew that.	我实际并不知道
Learning how to swim is very simple.	学游泳非常简单
I have a lot of homework to do.	我有很多作业要做
A few days' rest will do you good.	休息几天会对你好的
How about playing chess tonight?	今晚下棋怎麼樣
Do you have this jacket in different colors?	你有不同顏色的外套嗎
He knows how to captivate his audience.	他知道如何去吸引他的聽眾
It's been raining since last night.	從昨晚起一直下雨
My mother gets up early every morning.	我媽媽每天早上早起
I have no idea what to wear.	我不知道要穿什麼
She's good at handling children.	她對孩子很有一套
Is it already Monday?	已经周一了
Were you tired last night?	昨晚你累了嗎
Let me go alone.	讓我一個人去
Would you like to dance with me?	你愿意和我跳舞吗
He was discovered unconscious on the floor of the kitchen.	他被人发现倒在厨房的地板上
How dare you speak to me like that!	你怎么敢这样跟我说话
I bought it for ten dollars.	我花
I wonder what ear lobes are for.	我好奇耳垂有什么作用
We talked about yesterday's test.	我們談到了昨天的測驗
He told me to wash my face.	他叫我洗脸
The only difference between a bad cook and a poisoner is the intent.	一個差勁的廚師和下毒者唯一的不同在於他們的意圖
I take a bath almost every day.	我幾乎每天洗澡
He always keeps his word.	他总是遵守诺言
He is a teacher.	他是教师
I want you to open the window.	我要你把窗戶打開
He regrets what he did.	他对他所做的一切感到后悔
Don't eat too much.	别吃太多
He built an observatory to study the stars.	為了觀測星象
Did you buy a nice bicycle?	你買了輛好自行車嗎
I want to go there once more.	我想再去那裡一次
You have to go home.	你们必须回家
There is an apple under the desk.	写字台下是一只苹果
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.	我明天带给你
Whose glass is this?	这是谁的杯子
I bought two bags of popcorn.	我買了兩袋爆米花
Read it once more, please.	請再讀一次
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想不及格
Maybe I'm just a fool.	可能我就是個傻子
Tom kissed Mary's cheek.	汤姆吻了玛丽的脸颊
I have a stomachache.	我肚子疼
I'm leaving for Canada tomorrow.	我明天要離開去加拿大
I majored in chemistry at the university.	我在大學主修化學
There's no film in this camera.	這個相機裡沒有膠片
One hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race.	150	个人参加了马拉松比赛
She spent a good deal of money on her vacation.	她休假期间花了一大笔钱
Back off.	往后退点
Will you switch seats with me?	您愿意跟我换座位吗
I like having breakfast with you.	我喜欢和你一起吃早饭
Happy New Year!	元旦快樂
Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping.	那些说钱不能买来幸福的人
Put the carrots in the pot.	把胡萝卜放在锅里
He was a rugby player.	他曾是个英式橄榄球运动员
We're also out of eggs.	鸡蛋也卖完了
That is why he got angry.	那就是他生气的理由
Tom studied French for three years.	汤姆学了三年法语
See you soon!	一會兒見
The police accused him of theft.	警察起诉他盗窃
Of course she passed the test.	當然
You shouldn't break promises.	你不该违背你的诺言
Did you brush your teeth?	你刷过牙没有
Please phone me before you come.	請你來之前打電話給我
That student runs fast, doesn't he?	那个学生跑得很快
How much does he earn per month?	他每个月挣多少
I'm going to study harder.	我決定更努力讀書
I know you don't want to be lonely.	我知道你不想一個人呆著
She took care of the poor little bird.	她照顾可怜的小鸟
I won't be long.	不會花很多時間的
Give me back my wallet.	把钱包还我
He has been sick since last night.	他從昨晚開始就生病了
See how high you can jump.	看看你能跳多高
I can't blame Tom for not waiting.	我不能怪湯姆不等著
Let me have a look.	讓我看看
I like you very much.	我非常喜歡你
He sells cars.	他賣車子
He returned very late at night.	他晚上回來得很晚
He goes to school on foot.	他步行上学
She runs.	她跑
He doesn't have any children.	他沒有孩子
His explanation really isn't clear.	他的說明並不清楚
We hope Tom is OK.	我們希望湯姆沒事
You shouldn't have gone there.	你不應該去那裡的
Do you know how to speak English?	你知道怎麼說英語嗎
I was a doctor.	我以前是醫生
They fought for the sake of their country.	他们为祖国而战斗
Would you mind lending me your pencil?	你介意借我你的筆嗎
Tom told me he was coming back.	湯姆告訴我他正在回來
It's only two miles to the village.	到村莊只有兩英里
Do I have to answer all of the questions?	我需要回答所有問題嗎
She was obliged to marry the old man.	她不得不和这个老男人结婚
I will be free in ten minutes.	我十分钟后有空
I'll send it to you tomorrow.	我明天把它寄给你
I couldn't think of anything to say.	我想不到要說什麼話
This towel is so soft and fluffy. It feels good!	这条毛巾蓬松又柔软
I was afraid I might be late.	我怕我可能遲到了
I got a farewell present from everyone.	每個人都送了我一份歡送禮物
I usually go to bed before ten.	我通常在十點前上床睡覺
Tom told Mary something she didn't want to hear.	湯姆告訴了瑪麗她不想知道的事
I interpreted her silence as a refusal.	我認為她的沉默就是表示拒絕
How will the weather be tomorrow?	明天天氣怎麼樣
Don't pay any attention to what your father says.	别在意你父亲说的话
He was my student. Now he teaches my children.	他曾是我的學生
He is making cookies.	他在做曲奇
This is the cheaper of the two.	這是兩件裡便宜的那個
I'm poor at drawing.	我不擅長畫畫
Wake me up at seven.	七点叫醒我
He lives by himself.	他一个人生活
He has been waiting for an hour.	他已經等了一個小時
What's your name?	你叫什么名字
The youngest daughter was particularly beautiful.	么女長得特別漂亮
I had a very good time today.	我今天玩得很開心
My father will come home at seven.	我爸爸會在七點鐘回家
Tom won't be here long.	湯姆不會在這裡久留
He made his way to the minister.	他設法當上了部長
The ship went up in flames.	船起了火
He looks like a clever boy.	他看起來像是個聰明的男孩
He keeps his room clean.	他保持他的房間乾淨
Is bungee jumping frightening or fun?	高空彈跳是恐怖還是好玩
She must have studied very hard.	她一定很用功讀書
It's as smooth as a baby's bottom.	它像婴儿的屁股一样光滑
We must get up at dawn.	黎明時我們必須起床
A glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather.	一杯冷水在暑热的天气里十分提神
He drives very fast.	他開車速度非常快
He tiptoed so no one heard him.	他踮著腳尖走
I'm really scared of spiders.	我真怕蜘蛛
The information is very important to us.	这些信息对我们非常重要
I admit that he is right.	我承认他是对的
These are our children.	这是我们的孩子
Tom doesn't want to lose Mary.	汤姆不想失去玛丽
No one was there.	谁也不在那里
The big tree was struck by lightning.	這棵大樹遭到雷擊
We have no time.	我们没时间
She spoke through an interpreter.	她透過傳譯員發言
Oh no!	不会吧
Can you put me up tonight?	今晚可以住你家嗎
Tom always wants to sit in the front row.	Tom	总是想坐在第一排
I've lost one of my folders.	我丢了我的一个文件夹
Tom and I sat on a bench in the park and talked while we fed pigeons.	我和汤姆在公园的长椅上坐着
Some people believe in ghosts.	有些人相信鬼
What makes you think I won't be able to do it?	你怎么认为我做不了
My mom doesn't speak English very well.	我妈妈英语说得不太好
Tom was ready to work.	湯姆準備去工作
I was very confused by his questions.	我對他的問題感到非常困惑
My baggage is missing.	我的行李丢了
My gums are bleeding.	我的牙齦流血
He hid himself behind the door.	他藏到了门后
Did you make this doll by yourself?	这个娃娃是你自己做的吗
Did you rent an apartment?	你租房子了吗
Would you like another apple?	你要再來顆蘋果嗎
How many boys are in this class?	这个班有多少男生
I think that Tom is about to cry.	我想湯姆快哭了
We'll find a solution, I'm sure.	我们会找到解决办法的
I'm not accustomed to getting up early.	我不習慣早起
I miss you.	我想你
You're still too young to get a driver's license.	你要拿驾照还太年轻了
He is always laughing.	他总是在笑
It's possible that Tom lied to you.	汤姆有可能对你撒谎了
I hear you passed the entrance exam. Congratulations!	我听说你通过了入学考试
He predicted there would be rain.	他预测会下雨
It's impossible for me to explain it to you.	要我解释给你听是不可能的
They live on the other side of the road.	他們住在路對面
There's no need to apologize.	沒有必要道歉
She is always dressed in black.	她總是一身黑
I couldn't answer all the questions.	我不能回答所有的問題
Do you know who this belongs to?	这是谁的你知道吗
It is difficult to speak three languages.	說三種語言是很困難的
The homework is due next Monday.	交作业的截止日期是下周一
I got up very late this morning.	今天早上我起得很晚
Has the movie started yet?	电影开始了吗
I don't think I can help you very much.	我看我幫不上你很多忙
He pressed the button and waited.	他按下按鈕然後等待著
Tom followed Mary into the room.	汤姆跟着玛丽进入了房间
You have three minutes to surrender.	限你三分鐘內投降
Lunch is ready.	午餐好了
I'm losing my grip.	我失去了控制
He really likes music a lot.	他真的很热爱音乐
Nobody has seen God.	沒有人看過神
I've already told Tom that Mary is in the hospital.	我已经告诉了汤姆玛丽住院了
Let him in.	让他进来
The revolution has brought about many changes.	这场革命已经带来了很多改变
We weren't able to find Tom.	我們找不到湯姆
How did you arrive at that conclusion?	你们怎么得出这个结论的
My canary was killed by a cat.	我的金絲雀被一隻貓殺死了
I took an art class last year.	我去年上了一堂藝術課
You look very happy this morning.	你今天上午看起來很高興
I love the people here.	我爱这里的人们
What do you need this money for?	你需要這些錢做什麼
I'll pay.	我來付錢
Yesterday's weather wasn't very good.	昨天天氣不是很好
I received your letter.	我收到了您的信
Tom told me he had lost his textbook.	汤姆告诉我他丢了课本
The hunter followed the bear's tracks.	獵人跟著熊的蹤跡
His opinions aren't worth listening to.	他的意見不值得聽
That kind of person will definitely fail.	这种人注定惨败
You should do that right away.	您应该马上做
My mother made me take some medicine.	我媽媽讓我吃點藥
Everybody saw it.	每個人都看見了
That's a bad day for me.	那天我不行
Tom owns two houses and a boat.	汤姆拥有两套房子和一只船
The moonlight is really beautiful.	月光真美
You can't be a blood donor.	你不能成为献血者
It's spring.	春天了
You got here fast.	你來得很快
Please sit.	请用座
Time waits for no one.	时间不等人
Be careful not to fall.	小心别摔倒了
Taking the group of children to the library was no problem.	带孩子团体去图书馆一点问题都没有
Sunday is not a workday for me.	我在星期日不工作
I feel like I'm going to faint.	我覺得我快昏倒了
We managed to get some foreign stamps.	我們設法得到一些外國的郵票
If he is innocent, then his wife is guilty.	如果他是清白的
Did you watch the game?	你看了比賽嗎
She squeezed the juice from many oranges.	她榨了許多柳橙汁
Are you busy on Sunday afternoon?	你週日下午忙嗎
Please contact us.	请联系我们
Tom is hammered.	汤姆醉了
He is too drunk to drive home.	他喝酒醉無法開車回家
He got the book down from the shelf.	他從架上拿下書
I don't remember mailing the letter.	我不記得寄過信了
With the T.V. on, how can you keep your mind on your studies?	你开着电视怎么能安心学习呢
Do you have a driver's license?	你有駕駛執照嗎
Give her the book.	把这本书给她
Is there anything you can't do?	有你不能做的事吗
I wouldn't be too surprised if this song became a hit.	如果这歌成名
He has no sense of humor.	他没有任何幽默感
I hope you will call again.	我希望你會再打一次電話
Have you ever seen a koala?	您曾经见过考拉吗
You might meet him.	你可能會見到他
I solved the problem easily.	我很容易地解決了這個問題
How much does this pen cost?	这支钢笔要多少钱
Christmas is soon, isn't it?	聖誕節很快就到了
Please go to the bank.	請去銀行
I thought you had to get up by 7:30.	我以为你要
Can I take pictures here?	我能在这里拍照吗
He makes a living as a writer.	他靠寫作謀生
I'm not sure what I was thinking.	我不确定当时我正在想什么
Perhaps I'll be able to help you.	我可能能幫你
I think it was wrong.	我认为它错了
Don't write in red ink.	別用紅墨水寫
Austria is one of the largest producers of electricity in Europe.	澳大利亚在欧洲是最大的电能生产国之一
Are you happy now?	你高興了嗎
Children often hate spinach.	小孩一般都討厭菠菜
I don't know where my watch is.	我不知道我的手錶在哪裡
There are no problems.	沒有問題
They sued the government for damages.	他們狀告政府賠償損失
I overslept.	我睡过头了
What's the matter with you?	你到底怎么回事嘛
This machine is out of order.	这个机器出故障了
Please excuse me for being rude.	請原諒我的魯莽
I was late for the appointment.	我約會遲到了
She made a mess of the work.	她把工作弄得一團糟
How much is four times six?	6	的
He has a few pens.	他有些鋼筆
I have heard nothing from him yet.	我沒有他的任何消息
He has no house to live in.	他没有房子住
My father works in a factory.	我爸在工厂工作
I like listening to the radio.	我喜歡聽收音機
May I come in?	我可以進來嗎
What a surprise!	太惊喜了
He made many excuses for being late.	他為遲到找了很多的藉口
Life in Japan is expensive.	在日本生活消费很高
How are you feeling?	你感觉如何
Tom, what would you like to have for dinner?	湯姆
I like grape jelly best.	葡萄味的果凍是我最喜歡的
Tom has been uncooperative.	湯姆不合作
You just saved me a lot of time.	你省了我好多時間
We want to spend our honeymoon in Australia.	我们想在澳大利亚过蜜月
I don't think any more students want to come.	我觉得不会有更多学生想来了
I thought so, too.	我也是這麼想的
Your dog is very fat.	你的狗非常胖
Money rules the world.	金钱万能
I don't remember much about that woman.	我对那位女士印象不深
Close the door, please.	請關門
My mother was up late last night.	我母亲昨天很晚还醒着
I saw him after ten years.	十年之後我看到了他
Tom has a heart condition.	汤姆有心脏病
It's only a dream.	只是一场梦罢了
She's hiding the truth from us.	她不让我们知道真相
Tom and Mary were alone.	汤姆和玛丽单独在一起
My dad is busy.	我爸爸很忙
I have more experience than Tom.	我比汤姆更有经验
There was a big gold star on the door.	在門上有一個大大的金色星星
He is afraid of making mistakes.	他很怕出错
The French were defeated at Waterloo.	法國人在滑鐵盧之役吃了敗仗
I don't think that I ordered that.	我觉得我没有下命令
Is that paper?	那是紙嗎
My dictionary is very useful.	我的字典非常有用
Anybody can join.	谁都可以参加
They made me captain.	他們讓我當了隊長
He's been to the stadium.	他去過體育館
Tom has already gone to sleep.	汤姆已经睡了
The swimmers were numb with cold.	游泳選手們凍僵了
Tell me what you want.	告訴我你要什麼
What country are you from?	你是从哪个国家来的
It seems that he knows everything.	看起来他什么都知道
She looks young.	她看起来很年轻
I saw Tom.	我看見湯姆了
She needs a coat.	她需要一件外套
He broke in on our conversation.	他打斷了我們的談話
I was born 20 years ago.	我出生在二十年前
He owes his success to good luck.	他將他的成功歸於好運
You were eavesdropping.	你在偷听
Everybody in the building felt the earthquake.	在建筑物里的所有人都感觉到了地震
I think perhaps you're right.	我猜想你可能是对的
I'd rather go swimming.	我寧願去游泳
Keep it up.	坚持
This is exactly what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
She's popular, not because she's beautiful, but because she's kind to everyone.	她受歡迎不是因為她的美麗
When did your friend leave for America?	你朋友是什么时候出发去美国的
It is not easy to master English.	要精通英語不容易
Our school's principal is very old.	我校校长很老了
There is the train at 10 o'clock.	十點鐘有一班火車
Do you know where Tom is waiting for us?	你知道汤姆在哪里等我们吗
Tom passed away on October 20th, 2013.	汤姆逝世于
She has a cottage by the sea.	她在海边有一间小屋
Have you handed in your homework?	你交功課了嗎
Do you know me?	你还认识我吗
I can cook.	我会做饭
I can see through your lies.	我能看出你說謊
He gave his life for his country.	他把他的一生獻給了他的國家
I've got no friends.	我没有朋友
Tom did nothing.	汤姆什么都没做
Tom said Mary hit him.	汤姆说玛丽打他
Is Tom autistic?	汤姆有自闭症吗
A cooking course should be mandatory in schools.	烹饪课程应该作为学校的必修课
I thought it was very good.	我觉得它真的很不错
Can you swim?	你能游泳嗎
I don't like the way you laugh at her.	我不喜欢你嘲笑她的方式
She fell down the ladder.	她从梯子上摔了下来
It's a real bargain.	真是物美價廉
Seen from the moon, the earth looks like a ball.	从月球上看的话
Why did you stay?	你为什么留下
What's that bird called?	那隻鳥叫什麼名字
Tom is the one that has been waiting the longest.	汤姆是等了最长时间的人
They drink cola.	他们喝可乐
My son is brushing his teeth.	我儿子在刷牙
How can you say that?	你怎麼能那麼說
She has been to Paris.	她去过巴黎
Do you like shopping?	你喜歡購物嗎
She is graceful.	她举止优雅
I haven't found anything.	我甚麼也沒找到
The opening ceremony of the Olympics has already begun.	奥运会已经开幕了
He led a hard life after that.	自那以后他便过起了艰难的生活
We're ready for the next step.	我們準備好了走下一步
Did anybody ask you to come here?	有人叫你來這嗎
You need protection.	你需要保護
She has blue eyes.	她眼睛是蓝色的
I will wait until she comes.	我会等到她来
How long do you plan on staying?	你准备待多久
Tom certainly is greedy.	湯姆確實是貪心的
I'm sleepy.	我困了
Tom likes to play baseball.	湯姆喜歡打棒球
They told me it was your fault.	他们告诉我这是你的错
Can I make a reservation for golf?	我能预定一下打高尔夫球吗
Tom asked me if I was tired.	湯姆問我我是不是累了
The room originally had no furniture.	本来这间房间里没有家具
I have two brothers and three sisters.	我有两个兄弟和三个姐妹
She must have done it yesterday.	她昨天一定已經做過了
I ran into Mary at a party last week.	上星期在一次派對中我遇到了瑪麗
Why are your eyes so big?	你的眼睛为什么那么大
We were friends.	我们是朋友
How come you didn't say anything?	你怎麼什麼話也沒說
I'd like to talk to Tom alone.	我想和汤姆单独谈一谈
Which judge heard the case?	哪一位法官審理此案
There is an urgent need for medical supplies.	急需醫療用品
Hey you! Please wait.	嘿
Tom could write his name when he was three years old.	湯姆三歲的時候就能寫自己的名字了
This is the best.	这是最好的
Spanish is her native language.	西班牙语是她的母语
They became friends in elementary school.	他們在小學時就是朋友了
She felt blue.	她感到闷闷不乐的
Would you like a little more salad?	请问您要多来点儿沙拉吗
Tom nodded approval.	汤姆点头同意
There are more clouds today than yesterday.	今天的雲比昨天的多
We love our school.	我們愛我們的學校
This place has a mysterious atmosphere to it.	这个地方的气氛很神秘
I didn't participate in the conversation.	我沒有參與這個談話
Why do you think I'm thinking about you?	你为什么会认为我在想你
He won't make it to old age.	他不會長壽
I will teach you to play chess.	我會教你下棋
Tom is afraid of heights.	汤姆恐高
She worked side by side with men.	她和男人一起工作
Why should anyone be surprised?	为什么任何人应该感到惊喜
He prefers football to baseball.	他喜歡足球勝過棒球
This room has two closets for clothing.	這房間有兩個衣櫥
You didn't need to come so early.	你不必這麼早來
Do you have your driver's license?	你有駕駛執照嗎
Do you feel like eating something?	你想吃點東西嗎
I'm called Tom.	我叫湯姆
What do we do now?	我们现在怎么办
I got up early as usual.	我和平常一样起得早
How old are your children?	你的孩子多大了
I'm not always at home on Sundays.	我星期天並不總是在家
They are sure to fall in love.	他们肯定会相恋的
Children like chocolate.	孩子们喜欢巧克力
He's very good at guitar.	他非常擅長吉他
The cost of living has risen.	生活費提高了
He has a remarkable aptitude for music.	他有非凡的音樂天份
Remember to mail this letter.	記得要去寄這封信
I've missed so much.	我错过了太多
Do you know what PKO stands for?	你知道
He went to New York on business.	他去紐約出差了
I can't remember.	我記不得了
This is my sister.	这是我的妹妹
Stay calm.	保持冷靜
I'm sure Tom will win this afternoon.	汤姆今天下午一定会赢
He's an author.	他是作家
He could not answer that question.	他無法回答這個問題
The third quarter GNP growth was 1% over the preceding quarter.	第三季國民生產總值較上一季成長了
Tom was selected.	汤姆被选中了
He weighs a lot more than before.	他比以前重得多
I don't want Tom to do that alone.	我不想讓湯姆自己做
He was absent from school yesterday.	他昨天没来上学
Is this your first trip abroad?	這是你第一次出國嗎
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese.	我是在北京學的中文
You'll need their help.	你会需要他们的帮助
Do you mind if I open the door?	你介意我開門嗎
A new branch will be opened in Chicago next month.	新的分店下个月在芝加哥开张
There are some books on the desk.	书桌上有几本书
It is not easy to distinguish good from evil.	区分善恶不容易
There's also a park there.	那里也有个公园
Did you enjoy yourself yesterday?	你昨天玩得開心嗎
He was very patient.	他非常有耐心
How do you like your eggs done?	您要什麼樣的蛋
I love this car.	我愛這台車
Tom doesn't even try to help Mary.	汤姆甚至没打算帮玛丽
This song is very popular in Japan.	這首歌曲在日本很受歡迎
We intended to let you in on the secret.	我们打算让你知道这个秘密
He asked her to marry him, and she accepted.	他向她求婚
To the best of my knowledge, the rumor is not true.	据我所知
The weather has been unusual this year.	今年的天氣一直異常
All that glitters is not gold.	光看表面是不足夠的
I'm lost.	我迷失了
The weather was so cold that the lake froze over.	天冷得足以让湖结冰
I was very nervous as the plane took off.	飛機起飛的時候我很緊張
Do you have enough food?	你有足够的食物吗
That man stole my wallet.	那男人偷了我的钱包
I didn't get along with her.	我沒有和她相處過
I'm not absolutely sure.	我不完全肯定
I won't stay here for long.	我不会在这里呆很久
Will you permit me to go there?	您允许我去吗
It seems less crowded during the week.	平日似乎比較不擁擠
She's Tom's younger sister.	她是湯姆的妹妹
May I ask you to close the window?	帮我关下窗可以吗
You don't have to take an examination.	你不需要考试
I do not allow sleeping in class.	我不允许有人在课上睡觉
I poured water into the bucket.	我把水倒入了桶子裡
We went to Boston.	我们去了波士顿
I can't do anything but obey him.	我除了聽從他之外什麼也不能做
I don't want any milk at all.	我完全不要牛奶
Would you like anything to drink?	你要喝點什麼嗎
I'm leaving next week.	我下個星期離開
Doing this is a lot of fun.	这样做很有趣
I remember meeting you before.	我記得以前見到你
Money does not grow on trees.	錢不會從樹上長出來
She knows your mother very well.	她對你的母親很熟悉
Are you not feeling well?	你身体不舒服吗
I'm having lunch with my sister right now.	現在正和妹妹吃午飯中
You don't have to talk so loud.	你不必這麼大聲說話
She's on a diet.	她在节食
The house isn't occupied now.	房子现在没被占住
He said, "I want to be a doctor."	他說
You didn't need to hurry.	你不需要著急
Our school begins at eight-thirty.	我們學校在八點半開始上課
I don't play tennis that well.	我网球打得不那么好
It's better than nothing.	有比沒有好
Tom climbed down from the tree.	汤姆从树上爬了下来
Your letter made me happy.	你的來信使我快樂
He's a liar.	他是個騙子
Tom is miserly.	汤姆很小气
Go home.	回家吧
This time it's different.	這次不一樣
According to newspaper reports, there was an airplane accident last evening.	根據報載
I wonder what I should do today.	我在想我今天该干什么
I'll never forget shaking the President's hand last year.	我决不会忘记去年与总统握手的情景
Never be afraid of making mistakes.	不要害怕犯錯
Tom is now living in Boston.	汤姆现在住在波士顿
Why don't we have lunch together?	為什麼我們不一起吃午飯呢
The information you gave me is of little use.	你給我的資料沒有多大的用處
You're a student, too, aren't you?	你也是学生不是吗
They go to church every Sunday.	他們每個星期天上教堂
We are bound to each other by a close friendship.	友谊紧紧联系着我们
We have an elevator in our new house.	我們的新家有一臺電梯
I certainly wouldn't want to be seen with Tom.	我当然不想被人看见跟汤姆在一起
He translated the verse into English.	他把诗翻译成英语
How long does it take to go from here to the Hilton Hotel?	從這裡到希爾頓飯店要花多久時間
Tears were flowing down her cheeks.	眼泪顺着她的脸颊流下来
Get lost!	滾
I had been in the army for a month when the war ended.	战争结束时
I'm very busy today.	我今天很忙
France is to the south of England.	法國在英國的南邊
Thank you very much for the wonderful dinner last night.	非常感謝您昨晚美妙的晚餐
How much did the glasses cost?	這副眼鏡多少錢
Hey, you! What are you doing?	嘿
I still haven't found work.	我還沒有找到工作
All this is new to me.	这对我来说全是新的
I haven't seen him for a long time.	我很久没见过他了
He left his daughter a great fortune.	他留给他女儿一大笔财产
Tom got fat.	汤姆变胖了
You should try to be more polite.	你應該試著更有禮貌
I don't want to hear any more excuses.	我不想再听到其他借口了
OK, you two, follow me.	好
What's the point in doing that?	那樣做有什麼用
Do you know which book sells well now?	你知道现在哪本书卖得好吗
The sun went below the horizon.	太陽落到地平線下了
A soccer team consists of eleven players.	一个足球队由十一个球员组成
Get out!	滾出去
When you're hungry, anything tastes good.	當你餓的時候
Who were you talking to?	你和谁说话呢
This place is large, isn't it?	這個地方很大
I agree with you completely.	我完全赞同你
I refuse to be treated like a child.	我拒绝被像一个孩子般对待
Clint Eastwood was elected mayor of Carmel.	克林伊斯威特當選為卡梅爾市市長
Where did you get your hair cut?	你在哪裡剪頭髮
Tom is never going to forgive me, is he?	汤姆永远也不会原谅我了
That's not a cat. That's a dog.	那不是猫
Tom is here because of me.	汤姆是因为我才在这里的
Tell me the correct answer.	告诉我正确的答案
It was very hot this afternoon.	今天下午非常炎熱
Your hair is pretty.	你的头发很漂亮
I do not doubt it in the least.	我对此毫不怀疑
He goes to London once a month.	他一個月去一次倫敦
Please pick me up at the airport at five.	請於五點鐘到機場接我
Tom interrupted our conversation.	湯姆打斷了我們的談話
You're liable for the debt.	你有义务还债
The meeting ended earlier than usual.	會議比往常早結束
Fish and red wine don't go together.	鱼和红酒不相配
You'll get lost.	你会迷路的
We all hope for peace.	我們都希望和平
I guess they really weren't so happy.	我猜他們真的不太高興
So what do we do now?	该怎么办呢
My grandfather is in his nineties.	我祖父九十多歲了
I'm not accustomed to such treatment.	我不習慣這樣的待遇
He's a good person.	他是個好人
I could answer all the questions.	我能回答所有的問題
That discovery was quite accidental.	那个发现纯属偶然
He has three times as many books as I have.	他拥有的书是我拥有的三倍
But I don't want to.	但是
I thought that I could be of some help.	我認為我能幫點忙
This movie is frightening to the children.	這部電影對小孩來說很可怕
The delegations of both countries met in Geneva.	两国代表团在日内瓦会面
I wish they would stop fighting.	我希望他們會停止戰鬥
I am six feet tall.	我六英尺高
It won't cost much.	它不会太贵的
When are you leaving?	你什麼時候離開
He has some money in the bank.	他银行里有点钱
I'm 30 years old now.	我现在
I worked all this week.	这周我一直在工作
I'm crazy about football.	我愛足球愛瘋了
I wrote the wrong address on the envelope.	我在信封上写错了地址
My pulse is fast.	我的脉搏很快
It's nothing serious.	這沒什麼要緊的
These are the medicines I use.	这些是我吃的药
I gave Tom three cookies.	我给了汤姆三块饼干
Tom made up his mind to become a newspaperman.	汤姆决定从事报业
He took out his passport.	他拿出了他的護照
What do you like to do in your free time?	你空闲时间喜欢做什么
He pretended not to be listening.	他裝作沒在聽
Are you ready?	你们准备好了吗
Are you making fun of me?	你在嘲笑我吗
Our yacht club has ten members.	我们的游艇俱乐部里有十个会员
We have one of your friends here with us.	你的一个朋友在我们这里
Tom is in the hospital.	Tom	在醫院
Any comments are welcome.	欢迎作任何评论
She asked him why he was crying, but he didn't answer.	她問他為什麼哭
The design itself is flawed.	設計本身有問題
I can take care of myself.	我可以照顧自己
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then it's no big deal.	如果你想去
The sky was filled with airplanes.	天上滿是飛機
That isn't true, is it?	那不对
That book was interesting.	那本書很有趣
They didn't listen.	他们没听
I said it might rain.	我说了可能要下雨
She found her purse under the desk.	她在桌子底下找到了她的錢包
Have you had your eyesight checked recently?	你最近检查视力了吗
He participated in the debate.	他参加辩论
I love the taste of watermelon.	我喜欢西瓜的味道
Let's drive to the lake.	讓我們開車到湖邊
He rescued the child from the fire.	他從火場中救了這個孩子
We can't let them do that.	我们不能让他们那么做
Can I come over?	我能去你那吗
You've got a one-track mind.	你有个死脑筋
Tom is now studying in his room.	湯姆現在在他的房間裡學習
The large crowd roared in approval as Mark Knopfler played the first few bars of "Money for Nothing".	就像马克
Can I fix you a hot drink?	我可以为你调杯热饮料吗
I don't want you to go.	我不想让你走
I forgot to stick a stamp on the envelope.	我忘记在信封上贴邮票了
She was in time for the bus.	她赶上了巴士
I gave my brother a dictionary.	我給了我弟弟一本字典
I knew that something was wrong.	我知道有些事不對
What number bus do I take to get to Waikiki?	我乘几路车去怀基基
Tom told me not to open the envelope until my birthday.	汤姆告诉我
Can you help me wash these dishes?	你能幫我洗這些碗盤嗎
It depends on the context.	这得看情况
My friend was shot.	我的一位朋友被枪杀
Tom wasn't as handsome as Mary said he was.	汤姆并不是玛丽说得那样英俊
I'm not used to walking long distances.	我不習慣走很長的路
I don't drink coffee at all.	我一点咖啡也不喝
Tom did the best he could, but he wasn't able to get a higher grade than Mary.	汤姆尽了全力
I'll be back tomorrow.	我明天回來
I'll be in trouble if the story gets out.	如果有人把事情抖出来
Are you going to stay long?	您会待很久吗
Tom, you'd better stay here.	湯姆
The bus will take time.	乘公交车费时
I know what his name is.	我知道他叫什么名字
He can also speak Russian.	他也會說俄語
I don't want there to be any misunderstanding.	我不想有任何误会
He doesn't believe in God.	他不信神
Give the cat some meat.	給猫喂點肉
I know that you don't want to be lonely.	我知道你不想一個人呆著
The smell of food made me hungry.	食物的味道讓我餓了
That won't change anything.	這樣做的話什麼都不會改變的
I feel relieved.	我感觉轻松了
Tom said that he thought he should study French.	湯姆說他認為他該學法語
Tom paid me back the money he owed me.	汤姆把欠我的钱还给我了
Tom is trying to find Mary a job.	汤姆在尝试为玛丽找一份工作
As for me, I have no objection.	对于我
I don't think that we should wait.	我認為我們不應該再等
He was injured in a traffic accident.	他在一次車禍中受傷了
Does it hurt a lot?	很痛嗎
Do you have siblings?	你有兄弟姐妹吗
That's a good plan.	那是一個很好的計劃
I know that you're richer than me.	我知道你比我有錢
What do you think of those Japanese writers?	你觉得那些日本作家怎么样
We can't keep this a secret forever.	我們不能永遠把它當秘密守住
I wish I could give up smoking.	我希望能够戒烟
Don't forget to put out the fire.	不要忘了熄火
I'm proud of my son.	我为我儿子感到骄傲
It's an easy victory.	這是一個輕鬆取得的勝利
Tom is getting paranoid.	汤姆越来越多疑了
The sky is clear.	天空很晴朗
He has been very busy this week.	他這個星期一直很忙碌
If you don't want to do it, you don't have to.	如果你不想的话也没问题
How many oranges did Tom eat?	湯姆吃了多少橘子
Everyone was drunk.	所有人都喝醉了
Tom doesn't think that will do any good.	汤姆认为那没有好处
Let's leave.	走吧
You only have two options.	你只有两个选项
He is also very famous in Japan.	他在日本也很有名
I want to visit Korea.	我想访问韩国
Who wants a slice of pie?	谁想来一块派
I don't quite agree with you.	我不太同意你的看法
Tom bent down and picked up a handful of sand.	汤姆弯下腰
One who has everything can lose everything.	拥有一切的人可能会失去一切
All of a sudden, the enemy bombs came down on us like rain.	突然
I won't stay silent.	我不會保持沉默的
Is there anything I can do for you?	我能为您做些什么吗
Don't step in the mud.	别走进泥地
She came back an hour later.	一个小时后
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
The man is loading the moving truck on his own.	這個男人獨自把東西搬上搬家卡車上
I'd never done it before.	我以前從未做過它
You are the only one who can protect them.	只有你能保护他们
Tom has been on the wanted list for three years.	汤姆已经上通缉令三年了
I'm a free man.	我是一個自由的人
Why did you do that?	你為什麼要那樣做呢
Tom encouraged his son to study French.	汤姆鼓励他儿子学法语
I bought two loaves of bread.	我買了兩條麵包
Please forgive me.	请原谅我
Eat your soup before it gets cold.	趁汤没凉之前喝下
That is a pencil.	那是一支铅笔
Is she your mother?	她是你媽媽嗎
I think Tom is talented.	我認為湯姆有才能
Let's do it another time.	改天再說吧
You're the smartest person I know.	你是我所知道的最聪明的人
If you don't kill them, they'll kill you.	你不杀他们
This song makes me think of when I was young.	这首歌使我想起了我年轻的时候
Many students like to study in the morning.	许多学生喜欢在早上学习
We bought a pound of tea.	我們買了一磅的茶
Where does she live now?	她现在住在哪儿
He invented an excuse for being late.	他为他的迟到制造了一个借口
She gave us some useful information.	她給了我們一些有用的訊息
Tom often goes cross-country skiing.	Tom	经常滑雪穿过城市
It is no use arguing with him about it.	和他争论这件事得不出结果
He loses his temper quite easily.	他很容易發脾氣
That's my goal.	这是我的目的
How much does he earn per month?	他一個月賺多少
I like being on the team.	我喜欢在队伍里
I'm sure that he'll succeed.	我相信他會成功
The capital of Australia is Canberra, not Melbourne.	澳大利亚的首都是堪培拉
I'm out of time.	我没时间了
You're not going in the right direction.	你要南辕北辙了
What are you talking about?	你说的是什么
Do you actually believe that?	你真信吗
Do you have a table on the patio?	你院子裡有桌子嗎
Tom said he wanted to eat Chinese food.	湯姆說他想吃中國菜
He felt his heart beating fast.	他覺得他的心跳加速
None of your business.	这不是你的事
Tom has already hired a new lawyer.	湯姆已經僱了新律師
I slept a little during lunch break because I was so tired.	我在午休时间睡了一会儿
Give Tom any help you can.	给予汤姆一些你力所能及的帮助
I think we're in trouble.	我认为我们有麻烦
Why are you not doing it?	你为什么不做
Did you hear my son play the violin?	您听见我儿子拉小提琴了吗
He is in the kitchen.	他在厨房
I don't do it anymore.	我已经不再做这个了
The ambassador was recalled from Warsaw.	大使被从华沙召回
Nothing's as important as peace.	没有什么和和平一样重要
How about going to the movies?	去看電影怎樣
Let's wait here till he comes back.	讓我們在這裡等他直到他回來
Tom should wait until Monday.	汤姆应该等到星期一
Where did you come from?	你從哪裡來
Are you going to attend the meeting?	你要參加會議嗎
The bus was behind schedule.	公交车迟到了
Are you a bachelor?	你是单身吗
I am a stranger here.	我是這裡的外地人
We were on the same train by chance.	我们偶然间乘了同一列列车
Do you know why he skipped class today?	你知道为什么他今天逃课了吗
The soldier gave water to me.	士兵給了我水
We overslept.	我们睡过头了
Stay right here and relax.	待在這里
I hope he'll be able to come! I'd like to see him.	我希望他能來
It is too hot to stay here.	太熱了不能待在這裡
What fruit do you like the best?	您最喜歡什麼水果
Be happy for me.	为我高兴吧
How is your family?	你家里人都还好吗
We have a very good chef.	我们有一位非常好的厨师
Tom isn't the only one here who's a good singer.	汤姆不是这里唯一的好歌手
He admitted his guilt.	他承認他有罪
I'm the best.	我是最好的
I don't think that it's going to be easy to find Tom.	我认为
It took us a long time to decide what we really wanted to do.	我們花了很長時間決定我們真正想做的事
He runs as fast as you.	他跑得跟你一樣快
We laughed.	我们笑了
I heard that Tom attempted suicide.	我聽說湯姆試圖自殺
We have two children.	我们有两个孩子
I enjoyed talking with him.	我和他谈得很愉快
Tom's diabetic.	汤姆是糖尿病患者
Do you think you could make a little less noise?	你觉得你能少发点噪音吗
What have you been doing recently?	最近在干些什么
Stop talking loudly.	停止大声说话
I thought you were listening.	我以为你在听
She sat next to me.	她坐在我旁边
Tom swims.	Tom	游泳
You need to redecorate your room.	你需要装修你的房间
Tom tried to push the door open.	汤姆试着把门推开
The stew smells delicious.	這鍋墩湯聞起來真美味
Is there a bus stop nearby?	這附近有公交站嗎
She had her handbag stolen.	她的手提包被偷了
How much is this camera?	这部相机多少钱
I'll never come back.	我再也不會回來了
He was paid 10,000 dollars.	有人付给他
He broke into a house.	他闖入一間房子
It's too early.	太早了
Tom and Mary stayed in a fancy hotel.	汤姆和玛丽入住了一家高档酒店
Everyone except me was invited.	除了我
Admission to the museum is thirty dollars.	博物館入場費是三十美元
You should've done it earlier. It can't be helped now.	你本应该早点做的
I didn't notice the light turn red.	我沒有注意到燈變紅色了
The world is full of dumb people.	世界上都是白痴
I was born in this hospital.	我在这家医院出生
Do you know where to find Tom?	你知道去哪找汤姆吗
It is becoming warmer day by day.	一天天热起来了
White doves are pretty birds.	白鸽是种美丽的鸟类
He is lazy.	他很懒
She doesn't like sushi.	她不喜歡壽司
These peaches aren't very sweet.	這些桃子不是很甜
He is the manager of the marketing department.	他是营销部的负责人
A permanent job is better than a temporary one.	正式工比临时工要好
It's hard to say.	難講喔
He looked after the baby.	他照顧孩子
I've been learning to drive.	我一直在學開車
We had a heated discussion about it.	我們激烈的討論了這個問題
I haven't seen Tom lately.	我最近沒看到湯姆
Can we roller-skate in this park?	我們可以在這個公園裡玩四輪溜冰嗎
It's one of the reasons.	這是其中一個原因
The bill was passed after a hard fight in the House.	該法案在眾議院爭議後獲得通過
I'll be back late.	我會晚一點回來
Would you like another cup of coffee?	你想要另一杯咖啡吗
This pen doesn't write well.	这支笔不太好用
I didn't think that Tom would be scared.	我没想到汤姆会害怕
It could be just a coincidence.	可能只是巧合
I use Twitter.	我用
Tom couldn't tell Mary everything he knew.	汤姆不能告诉玛丽他知道的所有事
I think I've found something of yours.	我認為我找到一些你的東西了
Tom doesn't even know my name.	汤姆甚至不知道我的名字
I saw it in the newspaper.	我是在报纸上看到它的
Your mother is in critical condition.	你母親現在情況危殆
A lot of people swim here in the summer.	许多人夏天在这里游泳
My brother can drive a car.	我哥哥會開車
I came to this country for the purpose of studying music.	我來這個國家的目的是學習音樂
What's the date today?	今天是几号
Could you please sign the register?	請您在登記冊上簽名好嗎
The party will be held outdoors, weather permitting.	若天氣許可的話
You should try to learn a little French.	你应该试试学点法语
Turn back, please.	请回来
Volcanic ash disrupted air travel.	火山灰阻礙航運
There were no mistakes.	没有错误
I haven't finished reading this book yet.	我還沒讀完這本書
I fell in love with her.	我爱上了她
I'm studying several languages.	我在学几门语言
I have to iron my shirt.	我必須熨我的襯衫
This smells great! What are you cooking?	聞起來好香喔
Where else should we go?	我们要去其他的什么地方
I am familiar with the author's name.	我對這位作者的名字很熟悉
When was it built?	它是什么时候建成的
Taiwanese food is milder than Indian food.	台灣菜比印度菜口味淡
It suddenly started raining.	突然開始下雨
Did you call Tom?	给汤姆打过电话了吗
Don't change your mind.	不要改變你的心意
Our fridge is broken.	我們的冰箱壞了
She and I are the same age.	她跟我同年
My head is exploding.	我的頭要炸了
I didn't understand the joke.	我没明白那个笑话
There's an alley behind my house.	我家後面有條胡同
He's a tall boy.	他是一个高大的男孩
How often do you have to see the dentist?	你多久看一次牙医
I didn't enjoy it very much.	我不是很喜歡它
In case of fire, call 119.	遇到火警時
We've never had this problem before.	我們從前從沒有過這個問題
I like potatoes.	我喜歡土豆
Tom drove the car.	汤姆开的车
This is a dangerous mission.	這是個危險的任務
They granted his request.	他們批准了他的請求
I poured water into the bucket.	我将水倒入了桶中
He's watching the Olympics.	他在看奥运会
"When will you be back?" "It all depends on the weather."	“	你什么时候回来呀
Banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers.	银行对风险客户收取较高的贷款利息
English is easy to learn.	英語簡單易學
See you at the party.	在派对上见
The sky is full of stars.	天空中繁星点点
I want some cake.	我想要点蛋糕
He gives some meat to the dog.	他給這隻狗一些肉
Tell me when to begin.	告诉我什么时候开始
Tom said that Mary wasn't injured.	湯姆說瑪麗沒有受傷
Let me know.	讓我知道
Orange juice, please.	柳橙汁
They are having breakfast now.	他們現在正在吃早飯
Are you coming along with us?	你要跟我們一起來嗎
Here goes nothing.	毫無希望
My pen isn't as good as yours.	我的钢笔不像你那支那么好
The lady tolerated the man.	那女士容忍了那男人
Don't talk to me like that.	不要这样对我讲话
He doesn't come here every day.	他不是每一天都來這裡
I got acquainted with him in France.	我在法國認識了他
I don't want to play anymore.	我不想再玩了
Christmas drew near.	圣诞节近了
I'm looking for you.	我在找你
Tom used to come to Boston every summer.	汤姆以前每年夏天都去波士顿
It's four o'clock by my watch.	我表上是
I agree with you absolutely.	我完全赞同你
I give you my heart.	把我的心给你
Thanks to you I've lost my appetite.	多亏你我胃口都没了
Is there any sugar?	有没有糖
The forest is teeming with monkeys.	这个森林里猴子成群
School begins at eight-thirty.	学校
Where did all that self-confidence come from?	哪来那么大的自信啊
The train's here.	這班火車已經到了
He has his own room.	他有自己的房间
Why didn't you dance with him?	你為什麼不跟他跳舞呢
Please sit down.	请坐一下
Is this everything?	这就是全部吗
Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.	富士山被雪所覆蓋
Is that car yours?	那是你的車嗎
I want to retire soon.	我想早點退休
I will not go to school tomorrow.	我明天不會去學校
I often look up words in that dictionary.	我经常用那本词典找单词
Tom is almost six feet tall.	湯姆差不多有六呎高
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System.	木星是太陽系中最大的行星
He likes watching baseball games on TV.	他喜歡看電視上的棒球比賽
Those men are Canadians.	那些男人是加拿大人
Can I come to your place?	我能去你家吗
This box isn't as big as that one.	这个盒子没那个盒子大
I love my yellow sweater.	我很喜欢我的黄色套衫
How often do the buses depart?	公共汽车多久发车一次
They have nothing to eat.	他們沒有東西吃了
This month was kind of difficult.	这个月我过得有点艰难
Hi! Do you work here?	嗨
Tom typed in the password.	湯姆輸入密碼
Have you brushed your teeth?	你刷过牙没有
That's not French.	那不是法语
Tom doesn't drink beer.	汤姆不喝啤酒
The wind is cold today.	今天刮冷风
Tom isn't feeling very well.	湯姆感覺不太好
Yours is over there.	你的在那儿呢
What's the purpose of your trip?	你旅行的目的是什麼
She cannot do without her car.	沒有車她做不了事
You may take anything you like.	你可以拿你喜歡的東西
That isn't what I ordered.	我没有预定这个
We must not laugh at the poor.	我们不能嘲笑穷人
He got a master's degree in law.	他得到了法律碩士學位
I got something nice for you.	我给你个好东西
He was invited to be the chairman of the club.	他受邀做俱乐部的主席
You should have helped him with his work.	你應該幫他工作的
We have to do something, Tom.	汤姆
Tom carefully wiped his fingerprints off the knife.	汤姆小心翼翼地把刀子上的指纹擦掉
I know that you still want to be with me.	我知道你还是想跟着我
Tom went down the hill.	汤姆走下山坡
I don't care if it's a bit cold.	稍微冷点儿不要紧
Do you have any drinks?	有什么喝的吗
Water is indispensable to life.	水是生命所不可缺少的
What kind of sandwich do you want?	你要什麼樣的三明治
I've found a place to live.	我找到了个住处
I'm ready to go back home.	我準備回家了
I heard someone come in.	我聽到有人進來了
It's cold.	天很冷
Tom lost his balance and fell down.	汤姆失去了平衡摔落下来
All men are equal under the law.	法律之前人人平等
Tom has gained weight.	汤姆胖了
He has been dead for three years.	他去世三年了
The end does not always justify the means.	為了正當目的並非總是可以不擇手段
I have to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.	我该去买东西了
What would you do if you had a million dollars?	你有
Artificial leather can't compare with the real thing.	人造皮革是比不上真皮的
Don't judge a man by his clothes.	不要以穿著來判斷一個人
He came out from behind the curtain.	他从窗帘后出来了
I'm glad to hear that.	我很高興聽到這個消息
The address on this parcel is wrong.	這個包裹上的地址是錯的
If she was displeased, she never showed it.	如果她不高興
Sit beside me.	坐我旁边
This river is safe to swim in.	在这条河里游泳很安全
Have you finished your work?	你完成你的工作了吗
We have our own problems to solve.	我们有自己的问题要解决
Listen to me, OK?	聽我說
Something is happening in Boston.	在波士顿正发生着什么事
Please wrap it like a Christmas present.	請把它包裝得像一個聖誕禮物
I believe that story.	我相信那个故事
When I heard that song, it reminded me of when I was a kid.	我一聽到那首歌
This year's fashions are completely different from last year's.	今年的时尚潮流完全不同于去年
It's not hard to understand.	不難理解
He's a good lad.	他是個好人
We felt the house shake a little.	我們感覺到房子搖動了一下
He has been to France three times.	他訪問過法國三次
I had a nice chat with her.	我和她聊得很愉快
Is that a bat?	那是只蝙蝠吗
It's about a ten-minute drive from here.	從這裡大約
I wonder whether or not Tom can speak French.	我不知道湯姆會不會說法語
Is Tom hurt?	汤姆受伤了吗
Let's take it easy.	讓我們放輕鬆吧
She put the key in her pocket.	她把鑰匙放在她的口袋裡
When do you usually get off work?	你们一般几点下班
Tom was very scared.	湯姆當時非常害怕
My brother is a teacher.	我的哥哥是老师
Tom isn't watching TV now.	湯姆現在沒在電視
Tom already knew that.	湯姆已經知道了
Tom is laughing.	汤姆在笑
Everybody wants to sit beside her.	大家都想坐在她旁边
All at once, I heard a cry.	突然
English is by far the most widely-spoken language in the world.	英語是目前在世界上使用最廣泛的語言
It was an uphill struggle.	这是个很艰难的斗争
They will hold a meeting at 2 o'clock this afternoon.	他们今天下午
I spent thirty dollars on a book.	我购买一本书花费了三十美元
There isn't going to be a next time.	不会再有下次了
Stop yelling!	别再喊叫了
I want to write an article.	我想写篇文章
You need to seek help.	你需要尋求協助
Is this Tom's?	这是汤姆的吗
I hate studying.	我讨厌学习
When does the next train leave?	下一班火車什麼時候開
His house is somewhere about here.	他家在这儿某处
This is Mary's dog.	這是瑪麗的狗
There has been no rain here for the past two weeks.	这里已经两周没下雨了
What did you do yesterday evening?	你昨天晚上做了什麼
I wanted to stop Tom.	我想阻止湯姆
Thanks for your advice.	谢谢你的建议
Tom should have someone do that for him.	有人应该帮汤姆做这些事
I'm good at soccer.	我擅長足球
Do you have any siblings?	你有兄弟姐妹吗
Are you Japanese?	你是日本人嗎
I would like to become a poet.	我想要成為詩人
The dog barked at the mailman.	狗對著郵差叫
I thought that we were going to do this together.	我認為我們要一起做
I fell asleep while watching TV.	我看电视时睡着了
There are too many people there.	那裡太多人了
It's been raining since early morning.	從清晨開始一直下雨
What does Tom suggest?	汤姆建议了什么
Can you get it repaired?	你能不能修理它
The Internet is an invaluable source of information.	互联网是一种无法估量的信息资源
They fell into the conversation immediately.	他们很快就聊起来了
My knowledge of Japanese is rather poor.	我對日文不大了解
Where were you yesterday evening?	昨天晚上你在哪裡
The damage is done.	覆水難收
Does he speak English?	他會講英語嗎
He studies history at college.	他在大学修读历史
Those pictures were painted by him.	那些圖畫是他畫的
She insulted him.	她侮辱了他
I am waiting for you to finish your homework.	我等你把作業做完
I need to take notes.	我需要作筆記
I was exhausted from work.	我工作累死了
Was it all an illusion?	那全是幻觉吗
Once in a while, we should take a step back and think.	有时候
He is always asking for money.	他總是要錢
Put the egg into boiling water.	把蛋放入沸水中
I really like this singer.	我挺喜欢那个歌手的
The teacher told us to be quiet.	老師告訴我們要安靜
This bicycle is mine.	這輛自行車是我的
Almost no one thinks that we are sisters.	几乎没有人认为我们是姐妹
He anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.	他匿名向红十字捐了大笔钱
Why did you leave the class yesterday?	您昨天为什么离开教室
Do you have a garage?	你有車庫嗎
Everything went according to plan.	一切按計劃進行
She's concerned about your safety.	她担心你的安全
I believe in you.	我相信你
You're terrible.	你真壞
Are you going to attend the ceremony?	你會參加這個儀式嗎
That's my dad.	那个是我爸爸
I would really like to know why he did something like that.	我真的很想知道他為什麼做了像那樣的事
I want to play.	我想去玩
I like these.	我喜欢这些东西
Please get me hotel security.	请帮我叫宾馆保安
You are just saying that.	你只是說說而已
Looks aren't everything.	外表并不是全部
Who do you think broke the window?	你認為是誰打破了窗戶
He thinks he knows everything.	他以为什么都知道
My left eyelid is twitching.	我的左眼皮在跳
Have you already eaten supper?	你已经吃晚饭了吗
Thank you for drawing a bird for me.	謝謝你為我畫鳥
Aren't you happy about this?	你對此不高興嗎
Don't follow me.	别跟着来啊
Would you like more coffee?	你想再喝點咖啡嗎
Which team do you think will win?	你覺得哪支球隊會贏
The teacher lined the children up in order of height.	老师按照身高给孩子们排队
We didn't start the fire.	我们没点火
I didn't know who was going to meet me at the airport.	我不知道谁会在机场见我
The game will probably be called off.	這場比賽將可能被取消
I fell asleep while reading a book.	我看书的时候睡着了
Welcome back.	欢迎回来
I'm three years younger than you.	我比你小三歲
Tom and Mary always work together as a team.	湯姆和瑪麗總是在一个團隊裡工作
Can't you get by on your salary?	靠你的收入你不能過活嗎
Where do you want to go?	你想去哪裡
I want you to come at once.	我想您马上来
I lost my key.	我钥匙丢了
I got up at about six.	我六點左右起床
Has Tom come back already?	汤姆已经回来了吗
You should be a diplomat.	你应该做一个外交官
Who does the book belong to?	這本書是誰的
What's your problem?	你到底怎么回事啊
I don't feel like working today.	我今天不想上班
My parents aren't old yet.	我父母还不老
I ate breakfast on my balcony.	我在陽臺上吃的早飯
I think we're ready to do that.	我认为我们准备好了
You sing like an angel.	你唱歌像天使
That's a hard question to answer.	那是一個很難回答的問題
Tom refused to even listen to my suggestions.	汤姆甚至拒绝听我的建议
Did I tell you I got a new job?	我有告訴你我找到新工作了嗎
The court declared him innocent on the charge of murder.	法庭对他的谋杀罪名作出了无罪判决
You know what I want to hear.	你知道我想聽甚麼
He's going to have a heart attack.	他的心臟病要發作了
Did you make that mistake on purpose?	你故意犯那個錯的嗎
Tom is a good friend.	汤姆是个好朋友
I'm much better today than yesterday.	我今天覺得比昨天好多了
That guy drives me crazy.	那家伙让我发疯
Bring the water to a boil.	把水燒開
We didn't need to hurry.	我们没必要急
You don't have to go to school on Sunday.	你没必要周日去上学
I can't play tennis that well.	我不那麼會打網球
Tom grows strawberries in his garden.	汤姆在他的院子里种着草莓
"What's in that box?" "Nothing."	“	盒子里有什么
Thank you for the advice.	谢谢你的建议
There is a knife missing.	少一把刀
Many thanks.	非常感谢
My parents aren't home.	我父母不在家
Tom says he's tired.	汤姆说他累了
I don't want to stir up old memories.	我不愿意勾起久远的回忆
The end justifies the means.	為了正當目的可以不擇手段
Do you think I'm crazy?	你认为我疯了吗
Don't make noise when you eat soup.	當你喝湯的時候不要發出聲音
Tom is consoling Mary.	汤姆在安慰玛丽
There are almost no books.	幾乎沒有任何書籍
It's time for dinner.	吃晚飯的時間到了
Not everybody can be an artist.	不是所有人都能当艺术家的
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is telling the truth or not.	汤姆不知道玛丽说的是真话还是假话
I think we should reduce the price.	我觉得我们得调低价格
Hello, who am I speaking to?	“	喂
Can I park my car here?	我能把我的车停在这儿吗
She used to go to the movies on Sundays.	她從前會在星期天去看電影
Just then, the bus stopped.	就在那时
He lost his balance and fell off the ladder.	他失去了平衡
Mary grabbed her purse and left.	Mary	霸占了她的包包并且离开了
There has been a good apple harvest this year.	今年蘋果的收成不錯
Let's go to the picnic.	讓我們去野餐
Why is your mouth so big?	为什么你的嘴那么大
Do you remember us?	你还记得我们吗
You should stay away from Tom.	你应该离汤姆远点儿
Have you made any New Year's resolutions?	你有沒有許下什麼新年願望
My sister is cooking in the kitchen.	我妹妹正在厨房做饭
Everybody in the room was stunned by what happened.	屋裡的每個人都被發生的事驚住了
Are you able to prove it?	你能证明吗
This school has many students.	这个学校有很多学生
That's a nice car you're driving.	你開的那輛車很不錯
She had already gone when I arrived.	當我到的時候
I'll admit I'm wrong.	我承認我錯了
The murmur of the brook lulls me to sleep.	溪流潺潺
You may not remember me, but I remember you.	或許你不記得我了
I lost the watch my father had given me.	我把爸爸給我的錶弄丟了
We have to sing at an old folks home today.	我们今天得去养老院唱歌
I'm back.	我回来了
Do you go to church on Christmas Day?	你在圣誕節去教堂嗎
She forgave the boy for his rudeness.	她原谅了男孩的粗鲁
I know what I did was wrong.	我知道我做错了
Money cannot buy happiness.	钱买不到幸福
Did you vote yet?	您已經投了票了嗎
Be respectful to your superiors, if you have any.	如果你有上司的话
His brother is always watching TV.	他的弟弟總是在看電視
I want something cold to drink now.	我想現在喝冷的東西
Come on, trust me.	来吧
Leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do.	半途而废是你所能做的最糟糕的事情
I'll let Tom tell you.	我会让汤姆告诉你
Were you in America last month?	你上個月在美國嗎
I've never seen a live whale.	我從來沒有見過一條活生生的鯨魚
You're not to leave this room.	你不可以離開這個房間
His brother studies very hard.	他的哥哥很用功讀書
I wonder where Tom is planning to go to college.	我想知道汤姆计划去哪里上大学
Write it down before you forget it.	在你忘記之前把它寫下來
Come in.	进来
Perfect!	完美
Yes, I know it.	是的
His memory never ceases to astonish me.	他的记忆力总让我吃惊
The man behind them is playing the piano.	在他們身後的男人正在彈鋼琴
Did you tell on Tom?	你们打汤姆的小报告了吗
I'll be on duty this Sunday.	我在本周日上班
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?	你一天照几次镜子
You talk as if you knew everything.	你说得你好像什么都知道似的
Is he Japanese?	他是日本人吗
We'll have guests tomorrow.	我們明天會有客人
He hasn't come yet. He must have missed the bus.	他还没来
They must've made a mistake.	他們一定是犯錯了
The air is bad here. Will you open the window?	這裡的空氣不是很好
I asked Tom about his new book.	我問了湯姆關於他的新書的事
You shouldn't go out.	你不應該出去
I told her what should be done.	我告诉了她应该做什么
That accident was due to his carelessness.	那事故是他的粗心导致的
Do it now.	現在就做
He is one of my neighbors.	他是我的一個鄰居
That factory makes toys.	那家工廠生產玩具
I was in school yesterday morning.	昨天上午我在學校
A new school building is under construction.	一座新的教学楼正在建设
I want you to wear this.	我想让你穿这件
Tom wasn't at school today.	汤姆今天不在学校
This school was founded in 1970.	这所学校是
What is it with you and motorbikes?	你跟摩托车到底怎么回事
I have to get up quite early tomorrow.	我明天得早起
I visited my grandmother's house.	我拜訪了我祖母的房子
I want to go abroad someday.	将来我要去国外旅游
Tom clapped.	湯姆拍了手
Which is your book?	哪本是您的書
I dare say he is right.	我敢说他是对的
What time do you close?	你们几点关门
Is Tom going to dump Mary?	汤姆要甩了玛丽吗
After they argued, they didn't speak to each other for a week.	他们争吵后
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.	一個大寫字母被使用在一個句子的開頭
Tom doesn't talk with anyone.	湯姆不跟任何人說話
It's time to sleep.	睡觉时间到了
He does not like being punished.	他不喜歡被懲罰
I found a good place to buy fruit a couple of days ago.	前几天我发现了一个买水果的好地方
Mary likes milk very much.	瑪麗很喜歡牛奶
Do you want something to eat?	您想吃点什么吗
In any case, it's none of your business.	无论如何
He doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.	他好坏不分
Tom looked pretty good.	汤姆看起来很帅
When did it begin to rain?	什么时候开始下雨的
You are irresistible.	你令人难以抗拒
There's something I want to tell you.	有件事情我要对你说
Don't tell anyone our plan.	不要把我们的计划告诉任何人
I followed the deer's tracks.	我跟着鹿的踪迹
How many cats do you have?	您有几只猫
We have to continue to do our jobs.	我们要继续我们的工作
The news made her happy.	这消息让她很高兴
It was a very stupid decision.	这是一个十分愚蠢的决定
He broke his leg skiing.	他滑雪时摔断了腿
I have time.	我有时间
You shouldn't give in to temptation.	你不應該屈服在誘惑之下
Do you need to work on Sundays?	你得在星期天工作吗
There is a bookstore in front of the department store.	百货商店前有个书店
You are free to do as you please with your money.	你可以隨你高興的用你的錢
I wasn't quite sure what to say.	我不太確定要說什麼
He is so heartless.	他是这么的无情
He will play golf next Sunday.	他下週日將打高爾夫球
They don't like Tom.	他们不喜欢汤姆
The room was illuminated with red lights.	這個房間被紅色的燈照亮了
Ask Tom.	去问汤姆
I bought it at a department store.	我在百貨公司買了它
He occasionally visited me.	他偶尔会来拜访我
Let's get our photograph taken.	讓我們來拍照吧
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.	很难在
She has a flower in her hand.	她手上有一朵花
What's your job here?	你在这里的工作是什么
He's highly intelligent.	他聪明得很
Trim the fat off the meat.	切除這塊肉的脂肪
He is in London on business now.	他現在在倫敦洽公
Thank you very much for your gift.	非常谢谢你的礼物
Not a star was to be seen.	星星沒有被看到
This is the house where he lives.	這是他住的房子
Tom died recently.	汤姆最近死了
When I woke up, it was snowing.	當我醒來時
I take a walk every day except when it rains.	除了雨天我每天都散步
Those tulips are beautiful.	那些郁金香很美丽
She said that she gets up at six every morning.	她说她每天早上六点起床
Pardon me, do you speak English?	對不起
Where's the vodka?	伏特加在哪里
Tom just got back from Australia.	汤姆刚从澳大利亚回来
She didn't want to speak to anyone.	她不想跟任何人說話
The weather is unusually cold.	天气异常寒冷
Sorry, but I can't hear you very well.	對不起
He can't help you.	他不能幫你
Tom doesn't have a dad.	汤姆没有父亲
Is this a river?	這是一條河嗎
How is it at school?	学校怎么样
I could see that.	我能看見
Whose fault is it?	是誰的錯呢
It doesn't matter what you do.	你做什么都无所谓
Mary was wearing a navy blue skirt.	玛丽穿着深蓝色的裙子
Please send us more information.	請給我們更多訊息
Give me back the book after you've read it.	在你讀完後
Tom fell down.	湯姆摔倒了
Where's the door?	门在哪里
I want to see your mother.	我想看看你的母親
You are a good person.	您是一個好人
I have to go to the bank.	我必须到银行去
Please remember to mail the letter.	請記得把信寄出去
Don't put your elbows on the table.	不要把你的手肘放在桌子上
I can't undo it.	我不能取消它
You can't use this washing machine.	您不能使用這台洗衣機
She denied having met him.	她否認見過他
Do you want to be an actor in a movie?	你想成為一名電影演員嗎
The sun came out.	太阳露出来了
I need to go to the hospital.	我需要去醫院
What were Tom and Mary doing here?	湯姆和瑪麗在這裡做了甚麼
There is insufficient light to take pictures.	拍照片光线不够亮
Tom has gone back home to Boston.	湯姆回波士頓的家去了
What do you suppose this could be?	你认为这是什么
Tom thinks Mary may have an eating disorder.	汤姆认为玛丽可能有进食障碍
Look at my new car.	看看我的新車
I went to school yesterday.	我昨天去了学校
She is absorbed in rock music.	她沉迷于摇滚乐
I know who you all are.	我知道你們都是誰
It was a long letter.	它是封长信
When did this occur?	这事是什么时候发生的
This rule doesn't apply to every case.	这条规则不是任何情况下都奏效的
You were hurt, weren't you?	你受伤了
These are the new ones.	這些是新的
This is the best book that I've ever read.	這是我讀過的最好的書
He wants affection.	他要愛
I saw a horse pulling a cart.	我看見一匹馬拉著一架馬車
I walked in the woods by myself.	我自己走進了樹林裡
Turtles are reptiles.	海龟是爬行动物
He is going to run for mayor.	他將競選市長
There used to be a big cherry tree behind my house.	我家后面曾经有棵大樱桃树
What've you been doing recently?	最近在干些什么
Could we go somewhere and talk?	我们能去别的地方谈谈吗
Elephants live in Asia and Africa.	大象生活在亞洲和非洲
Tom still isn't sure what to do.	湯姆還是不確定要做甚麼
I don't like being alone.	我不喜歡獨處
I didn't want to surprise you.	我没想吓唬你
I don't understand any French.	我一点法语都不懂
Tom wanted to comfort Mary.	Tom	是想着去安慰
They don't seem to be Americans.	他們似乎不是美國人
Tom remained puzzled.	汤姆迷惑不解
Tom is out of your league.	汤姆不在你的联盟里
I don't understand why Tom brought you here.	我不知道為甚麼湯姆把你帶到這裡
Do you understand what I'm saying?	你明白我的意思嗎
She understands you now.	她现在了解你
I didn't know what to do.	我不知道要做什麼
Who hired you?	誰僱了你
You're not me.	你不是我
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain this afternoon.	從天色上判斷
I hid under the table.	我藏在桌子底下
I got him to repair my car.	我讓他修理我的車子
The world is full of incompetent doctors.	社会上满是不称职的医生
Tom fell asleep in class.	汤姆在课堂上睡着了
Tom told Mary he couldn't do what she asked him to do.	汤姆告诉玛丽他不能做她要他做的事
I need fresh air.	我需要新鲜空气
Tom is standing in the garden.	汤姆在花园里站着
This is my first time seeing a dentist.	这是我第一次看牙医
When we are told not to come, we become all the more eager to go.	让我们别来
He's not stupid.	他不是傻子
It's impossible to go out now.	現在不可能出去
I was tired, but I couldn't sleep.	我累了
Look back!	回头看
How is everyone?	大家好嗎
I'd rather die than surrender.	我寧死不降
It is less muggy today than it was yesterday.	今天不比昨天悶熱
Laser printers are generally cheaper to maintain than inkjet printers.	激光打印机一般比喷墨打印机用起来更省钱
It isn't dinnertime yet.	现在还不是晚饭时间
Tom is very angry now.	汤姆现在很生气
After a couple of drinks, the guy was feeling no pain.	喝了幾杯酒後
They rescued the boy from drowning.	他們救了這個男孩
I'm too drunk to do that.	我喝醉了
The road parallels the river.	這條路與河流平行
We're special.	我们很特别
In Japan, it rains quite a bit during our rainy season which is from mid-June until mid-July.	在日本
Tom told me where he lived.	湯姆告訴我他住在哪裡
Are there any famous musicians on the stage?	舞台上有著名音乐家吗
As far as I know, he did nothing wrong.	据我所知
Where am I?	我在哪裡
Tom is waiting for Mary to return.	汤姆正在等着玛丽回来
I've got to stop eating such sweet ice cream.	我必须停止吃那么甜的冰激凌
I lent Tom my camera.	我把我的相機借給了湯姆
My daughter wants a piano.	我女儿想要架钢琴
I'll study your report.	我會研究你的報告
I work every day but Sunday.	除了星期天我每一天都工作
We caught the thief.	我们抓住了小偷
They all looked for the lost child.	他們都在尋找這個走失的孩子
He gave his children a good education.	他給了他的孩子們良好的教育
Come along with me.	请跟我来
I still have a question.	我還有个問題
This is my notebook.	這本是我的筆記本
He is richer than anyone else in this town.	他比镇里的其他人都有钱
They're plotting to kill the king.	他們正密謀要殺害國王
He disappeared without a trace.	他没有留下痕迹就消失了
I was truly astonished.	我真是惊讶
I don't go to school on Sundays.	我周日不去学校
I was calm until I saw the syringe.	看到针管儿之前我一直都很淡定
We want candy.	我們想要糖
Do you want a drink?	你想喝點什麼嗎
Would you mind lending me your pen?	你介意把你的筆借給我嗎
I think you know that's not true.	我认为你知道那不是真的
I'm so stupid.	我真蠢
What'll you do?	你要做什么
I wanted to earn some money, so I worked part time three days a week.	我想挣点钱
I've just eaten lunch.	我剛吃過午飯
I studied English for four years with a native speaker.	我跟英语母语者学了四年英语
I'll gladly pay you anytime.	我隨時樂意付錢給你
Will you show me your photo album?	你能讓我看看你的相簿嗎
He returned home for the first time in ten years.	他十年中第一次回家
Sit down.	请坐
He lied to us.	他欺騙了我們
I have neither time nor money.	我沒有時間
You'd better keep your money for a rainy day.	你最好未雨绸缪
I'd like to order drinks now.	我現在想點飲料
Will you drive me to the hospital?	你可以載我去醫院嗎
People should be dancing.	人們應該在跳舞
Zimbabwe was once a colony of Britain.	津巴布韋曾經是英國的殖民地
You are taller than me.	你們比我還高
They sank ten enemy ships.	他们使
It's okay to take it easy sometimes.	有時可以放輕鬆一下
Has the mailman already come?	郵差已經來過了嗎
Einstein liked to play the violin.	愛因斯坦喜歡拉小提琴
This doesn't seem normal to me.	我看這不正常
If not now, when?	如果不是现在
I took my shoes off and put them under the bed.	我把鞋脫了
Tom and Mary came to an understanding.	汤姆和玛丽达成了协议
Translate the passage word for word.	逐字地翻譯這個段落
English is used by many people.	英語是被許多人使用
He loves traveling.	他愛旅行
We took a wrong turn.	我們拐錯彎了
The artist who illustrated this book is very good.	給這本書畫插畫的畫家很好
Coming! I'll be there in a minute!	马上
He wrote it down in his notebook.	他把这记在他的笔记本上
The letter was finished.	信寫完了
I passed the city hall on my way to the station.	我去車站的路上路過了市政廳
I kept singing.	我繼續唱歌
I think the time is right to introduce this product.	我覺得現在是發表這個產品的好時機
I think maybe Tom was right.	我認為湯姆可能是對的
She found employment as a typist.	她找到打字員的工作
I'm going to take a bath.	我打算洗个澡
Can he speak English?	他會講英語嗎
In Esperanto there are only 16 grammar rules.	世界語只有
She should have been more careful.	她本來應該更小心的
Are these all your books, Tom?	汤姆
The wind is blowing from the east.	風從東方吹來
What does the earth look like from space?	從太空中看
Here's your tea.	这是你的茶
Maybe we should talk.	大概我们需要交谈
Has he finished his homework yet?	他完成他的功課了嗎
We ate fresh fruit after dinner.	我们晚饭后吃新鲜水果
I don't know where he lives.	我不知道他住在哪裡
Coffee will be served after the meal.	咖啡將會在餐後供應
I'd like a nonstop flight to New York.	我想要一个直飞纽约的航班
What I have in my hand is a fossil seashell.	在我手裡的是一個貝殼化石
She's busy now and can't talk with you.	她现在忙
I am interested in Japanese history.	我對日本歷史有興趣
Only one third of the members turned up at the meeting.	仅三分之一的成员出席了会议
Of course.	當然
He came at three in the afternoon.	他在下午三點鐘的時候來了
Please give me a call.	请给我打电话
I didn't even know Tom had left.	我甚至不知道湯姆離開了
Do you like swimming?	你喜欢游泳吗
Could I borrow your eyeliner?	我可以借用您的眼线笔吗
It's hard for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.	法语说得快
Which is larger, Tokyo or Kobe?	哪一個比較大
I had a strange dream last night.	我昨晚做了一個奇怪的夢
It isn't something anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
It is not easy to train dogs.	訓練狗是不容易的
Tom is afraid somebody will see him.	湯姆怕有人看到他
He didn't answer the phone, so I sent him an email.	他没有接电话
He is something of a scholar.	他有几分像学者
Which way is the beach?	去海滩走哪条路
French is my mother tongue.	法语是我的母语
Who does this suitcase belong to?	這個手提箱是誰的
Don't let that happen again.	不要再让这种事发生了
The school needed a new teacher.	學校需要一個新的老師
A famous architect built this house.	一个有名的建筑师造了这个房子
I owe my success to him.	我把我的成功歸功於他
You are very courageous.	您非常勇敢
I promised Tom I wouldn't say anything.	我对汤姆发誓我不会说任何话了
What did you come here to do?	您来这儿干嘛
I completely agree with you.	我完全赞同你
How long does it take?	要多久
He realized his dream of becoming an artist.	他實現了當兿術家的梦想
This book was very interesting.	這本書很有趣
They asked for an increase of salary.	他们要求加薪
My father got home late last night.	我父親昨晚很晚才回家
The bell rings at noon.	正午時分鐘聲響起
When was Tom fired?	湯姆什麼時候被開除的
He was injured in the accident.	他在事故中受傷
Please wash my back.	請幫我洗背
Did you have a good time?	你度过愉快的时光了吗
Spring is my favorite season.	春天是我最喜爱的季节
What languages are spoken in America?	在美国人们说哪些语言
Please wait a moment.	请稍等一下
The buildings shook in the earthquake.	建筑物在地震中摇晃
Phone me tomorrow at nine.	明天九点打电话给我吧
Tom, Mary and John are all here.	湯姆
You'd better go to bed at once.	你最好马上去睡觉
Tom has just retired.	汤姆刚退休
There's no salt left.	没有盐了
You're being treated unfairly.	你被不公平地對待
He resembles his grandfather.	他很像他外公
I'm sorry I misunderstood you.	我很抱歉误会了您
I saw a dog swim across the river.	我見過狗游泳渡河
She didn't like living in the city.	她不喜歡住在城市裡
I'll be flying to Boston.	我将要飞到波士顿去
Do you really want Tom to suffer?	你真想讓湯姆受苦嗎
He never drinks alcohol.	他從不喝酒
Rain prevented us from taking a walk.	雨讓我們沒有辦法去散步
We are traveling on a tight budget.	我們用少的預算旅行
My stomach's full.	我的胃是脹滿的
There's something strange about Tom today.	今天汤姆有点奇怪
Children are our future.	孩子是我们的未来
I can't move this.	我挪不动它
As I told you before, you have to do that by yourself.	我之前跟你说过
A few minutes after he finished his work, he went to bed.	他完成工作几分钟后
The train should be on time.	火车应当准点到
He has not written to us since last February.	他從去年二月開始就沒寫信給我們
Could you say that in plain English?	你會說簡單的英語嗎
Even though I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.	虽然我享受打保龄球
I understand perfectly.	我完全明白
It's really big.	它很大
I have no intention of resigning.	我一点也没有要辞职的意思
You can't come in with this.	你不能跟我们进来
I made up my mind to go there.	我决定去那里
Did you know that before?	你之前知道那個嗎
It'll be known sooner or later.	遲早會知道的
Would you lend me a pencil?	能借我支铅笔吗
Where can I catch a bus?	我可以在哪裡搭公車
Someone must've stolen your watch.	一定是有人偷了你的手錶
We must never confuse the two.	我们决不能混淆两者
I have lost my cap.	我把帽子弄丟了
I'd like seats on the first floor.	我想要一樓的座位
Tom said he wanted to try riding a unicycle.	湯姆說他想試試騎獨輪車
She is going to Sendai this spring.	她今年春天要去仙台
It's almost six o'clock.	差不多六点了
Come and take a look.	来看看
You'd better go home at once.	你最好立刻回家
Tom is a good friend of Mary's.	汤姆是玛丽的一个好朋友
He sang some old songs.	他唱了些老歌
This book was easy.	這本書很容易
You can call me anytime you like.	你喜欢什么时候打给我就什么时候打
Can you give me a discount?	你能给我折扣吗
Tom is waiting for everyone to leave.	汤姆等着每个人都离开
Let's go out and have some fun tonight.	我们今晚一起出去找乐子吧
We'll have to go back.	我们还得回去
We'd better sit down here.	我们还是在这里坐下吧
The papers blew off.	文件被风刮起来
He has been sick since last Sunday.	他從上週日開始就生病了
He earned his living as a teacher.	他以當老師為生
What prevented you from coming earlier?	為什麼你不能早點來
How long will you be staying here?	您將在這裡待多久
He makes three times more money than I do.	他赚的钱比我多三倍
How much does that cost?	多少錢
How many languages do you know?	你会几种语言
Tom became tired.	湯姆累了
Tom has big hands.	汤姆的手大
It is never too late to learn.	活到老
He had no luck in finding work.	他找工作不走運
He likes hunting.	他喜欢打猎
Several thousand people became victims of this disease.	数千人受此疾病所害
The committee meets twice a month.	委员会一个月召开两次
What time do you usually get up?	你通常什麼時候起床
I'm interested in Asian history.	我对亚洲的历史很感兴趣
The girl brought me a red and a white rose.	女孩给了我一枝红玫瑰和一枝白玫瑰
There was no money left in my wallet.	我钱包里没钱了
I wish you had told me that.	但願你告訴過我就好了
Hey, look what I found.	嘿
I'm tired of working a nine-to-five job.	我厭倦了做朝九晚五的工作
I want a dozen cream puffs.	我要一打奶油泡芙
Thank you for telling me the truth.	謝謝你告訴我真相
Tom doesn't want to let Mary go.	Tom	不想让
We were attacked from both sides.	我們被兩面夾擊了
He asked me to speak more slowly.	他要求我講慢一點
Banks open at nine o'clock.	銀行九點開門
Ouch! My finger got caught in the door.	好痛
I don't mind if the weather is hot.	天气热点儿没关系
Mary is pregnant with twins.	玛丽怀了双胞胎
Gold is much heavier than water.	金子比水重得多
Why are you just sitting there?	你为什么就站在这里
The wind calmed down.	风停了
I shouldn't have sold my house.	我不该把我的房子卖了的
What's in the drawer?	抽屜裡面有什麼
Which way should we go?	我们应该往哪个方向走
He earns a good salary.	他收入可观
Tom isn't a bad coach.	汤姆不是坏教练
He's the oldest son.	他是最年长的儿子
He did it for money.	他做这个是为了钱
Tom squeezed Mary's hand.	汤姆捏了玛丽的手
How many kids do you have?	你有幾個孩子
Our train is late.	我們的車誤點了
One can't help many, but many can help one.	一个人帮不了许多个
Not everything can be bought with money.	不是所有的東西都可以用金錢買到
He explained the literal meaning of the sentence.	他解释了句子的字面意思
We're ready to leave.	我們準備離開
I applied for a summer internship.	我應徵了一個暑期實習
The red dress suited her.	這件紅色的洋裝適合她
Give me your sandwich.	把你的三明治給我
He is old enough to drive a car.	他的年紀可以開車了
My TV has quit working.	我的電視已經壞了
A couple of flights were delayed on account of the earthquake.	一些航班由於地震被延誤了
They won many competitions.	他們贏了許多比賽
I can eat anything.	我甚麼都能吃
I must help her.	我必須幫助她
I can call Tom if you want.	如果你想要的话
This ticket is good for three days.	這張票的有效期是三天
Let's not discuss it.	我们不要讨论它
You didn't tell me you worked for Tom.	你沒告訴我你為湯姆工作
Do you often come here?	您经常来这儿吗
Tom got angry at the children.	湯姆對孩子們生氣
Be on time.	要守时
I filled the bucket with water.	我在桶子裡裝滿了水
You're apt to be forgetful.	你很健忘
I haven't seen you for a while.	我好一陣子沒看到你了
It's October already.	已经是十月了
You've been deceived.	你被騙了
We were faced with an unusual situation because of the accident.	那场事故让我们陷入了不寻常的局势
She is dressed in white.	她穿着白色的衣服
They would capture as many people as possible.	他們會盡可能地抓更多的人
She gave birth to a healthy baby.	她生下了一個健康的嬰兒
How is your wife?	你太太怎么样
I expect your help.	我期待你的幫助
Where are those people from?	那些人从哪来的
I should've asked.	我本應該先問的
She couldn't answer the question.	她無法回答這個問題
I forgot.	我忘了
He asked her where her mother was.	他問她她的母親在哪裡
The street was crowded with people.	街道上擠滿了人
What time was she born?	她幾點出生的
Don't forget to turn the light off.	不要忘了關燈
Whose car is this?	這台汽車是誰的
I'm not really prepared.	我沒有真的準備好
Where're the shoes?	鞋子在哪儿
We accept checks.	我們接受支票
Cities are exciting places, but also stressful.	城市是令人興奮的地方
Tom hugged Mary.	汤姆拥抱了玛丽
They don't have to know.	他們不需要知道
Congratulations!	祝贺你
I don't care for eggs.	我不喜欢鸡蛋
She made a serious mistake.	她犯了一個嚴重的錯誤
Because of its origins, Canadian English has features of both American and British English.	由於它的起源
His wife opened the door for him.	他的妻子為他開門了
It is ten minutes before eleven.	還有十分鐘就十一點
It's getting cloudy. It may rain soon.	雲愈來愈多
Can you explain why you were late?	你能解釋一下你為什麼遲到嗎
He reads a good deal.	他读很多书
This tie doesn't go with my suit.	這條領帶跟我的西裝不配
Students generally like a teacher who understands their problems.	通常学生们喜欢理解他们问题的老师
I spent the whole day reading that novel.	我一整天都在看这本小说
It just gets worse.	它变糟了
Life without love is just totally pointless.	没有爱情的生活毫无意义
You should be good to your neighbors.	你应该对邻居好点
Everyone was fine.	大家都还行
I watched it on YouTube.	我在油管上看它
Don't expect miracles.	別期盼奇跡
They were afraid of the big dog.	他們怕這隻大狗
He started to speak English.	他开始说英语了
She was busy with household work.	她忙於家務
Please turn off the television.	請把電視關掉
Here is your bill.	这是账单
Tom has a lot of experience in computers.	汤姆对电脑有很多经验
No one listened to me.	沒有人聽我的
It's snowing outside.	外面在下雪呢
The train got in on time.	火车准时到了
Can someone answer the telephone?	有人可以接電話嗎
I've decided to shave my head.	我已经决定把我的头发剃了
Do you understand?	懂了吗
When can we eat?	我們什麼時候可以吃
Don't be late for school again.	不要再上學遲到了
There's no need to speak so loud.	沒有必要說話這麼大聲
I knew I was going to win.	我知道我会赢
I'm sad without you.	沒有你我很悲傷
Most Americans like hamburgers.	大多數的美國人喜歡漢堡
The children were playing in the dirt.	孩子们在尘土里游戏
Tom blew out all the candles on the cake.	汤姆吹灭了蛋糕上的所有蜡烛
It rains a lot in June in Japan.	在日本
My father caught three fish yesterday.	昨天我爸爸抓到了
Grab a hold of the rope.	抓住繩子
May I go to the toilet?	我可以去廁所嗎
Tom advised me not to buy a secondhand car.	汤姆建议我不要买二手车
He often plays guitar.	他常常彈吉他
Write your name in capital letters.	写下你名字的大写字母
He devoured his meal.	他狼吞虎咽地吃了一顿
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.	她一開門
Could you pass the mashed potatoes to me?	你能给我土豆泥吗
Which team are you a fan of?	你是哪一隊的迷
A lot of students around the world are studying English.	世界上許多學生正在學習英語
We're flying from Boston to Chicago.	我们要从波士顿飞往芝加哥
I don't mind being criticized when I am wrong.	要是我说错话被人议论
Jesus loves you.	耶穌愛你
I wish you'd go.	我希望你去
I'm exhausted.	我累死了
Animals are afraid of fire.	动物怕火
She covered the mouthpiece of the phone with her hand.	她用手捂住了电话的话筒
She made faces at that woman.	她對那個女人做了鬼臉
He is doing very well considering he lacks experience.	考虑到他缺乏经验
I've never seen him wearing jeans.	我從來沒有看過他穿牛仔褲
What time is the next performance?	下一場表演在幾點鐘
The hallway needs to be wide enough for a wheelchair.	走廊要寬得能容下輪椅
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often.	行胜于言
I hope we stay in touch.	我希望我们能保持联系
Do you need this book?	你需要这本书吗
A stay of execution was ordered at the eleventh hour.	缓期执行在最后关头决定了下来
My grandfather was a policeman.	我的祖父是警察
You're impatient.	你缺乏耐心
What's happened to you?	你到底怎么回事啊
Tom would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt.	要是汤姆系上安全带的话
I will let you know in advance.	我会让你提前知道
I would like mine rare.	我的牛排要生的
Would you like to listen?	你想聽嗎
Moderate exercise is necessary for good health.	適度運動對身體健康是必要的
Nobody answered my question.	沒人回答我的問題
What did you hear?	您听到什么了
Don't be afraid of barking dogs.	別怕吠犬
I want Tom to win.	我想让汤姆赢
I need to charge my mobile phone.	我需要給手機充電
Malaria is carried by mosquitoes.	瘧疾是由蚊子傳染的
I can only give you ten minutes.	我只能给你十分钟
I can only see it getting worse.	我只看见它变得更糟了
She naturally accepted the invitation.	當然
No one voted against it.	没有人投反对票
As far as I know, there is nothing wrong with his plan.	據我所知
Will you please show me the way?	請你告訴我路怎麼走好嗎
Don't make me stand here.	別讓我一直站在這裡
He was wounded in the war.	他是在战争中受伤的
I heard him go out.	我聽到他出去了
I'd like to go skiing with her.	我想和她去滑雪
The board unanimously decided to appoint her as CEO.	董事会一致决定任命她为执行总裁
I would rather quit than work under him.	与其让我在他手下干
You look just like your older brother.	你看起来很像你的哥哥
I don't want to go there again.	我不想再次去那儿
He already knew about it.	他已经意识到它了
He had barely enough to eat.	他仅有够糊口的吃的
Could I have the check?	把帳單給我好嗎
I'm the owner of this house.	我是這房子的主人
Let's start.	我们开始吧
I hope Tom isn't angry.	我希望湯姆不生氣
All of a sudden, it began raining.	突然開始下雨
I'm concerned about Tom.	我在為湯姆擔心
Have a good look at this picture.	好好看这张照片
I did that as soon as Tom told me I needed to.	我在汤姆告诉我我需要做时就立刻做了
He was opposed to monopolies.	他曾经反对垄断
That was all Greek to me.	我完全看不懂
What are you looking at?	你在看什么
They called their son Tom.	他们给他们的儿子取名叫汤姆
I love you.	我爱您
The students all laughed.	學生都笑了
You can see a lot of stars in the sky.	你能看到天空中的繁星
I was at the theater.	我在劇場
She thanked us for our help.	她感謝我們的幫助
I am looking forward to hearing from you.	謹待復信
Choose one person.	從中選擇一人
Tom didn't want to talk to anyone.	汤姆不想跟任何人说话
I hope that you are very well.	我希望你很健康
That's true as well.	说得也是
She was in America last month.	她上個月在美國
I could hardly keep from laughing.	我忍不住要大笑
I am diabetic.	我有糖尿病
I don't think I really have a problem.	我不認為我真的有問題
I was feeling blue all day.	我一整天都觉得很消沉
Oh please!	噢拜托了
You need to leave.	你必須離開
This book is too expensive for me.	这本书对我而言太贵了
This happens all the time.	這是常有的事
That's insane.	那是瘋狂的
This week the cherry blossoms in the park are in full bloom.	本周公园樱花盛开
He didn't show up at the party.	他沒有在派對上出現
You don't have to answer right away.	你不用马上回答
How many forks do we need?	我們需要多少把叉子
He called me a cab.	他替我叫了一部計程車
I doubt if Tom is single.	我怀疑汤姆是单身
Look behind you.	瞧你身後
This book is new.	這本書是新的
Why are we wasting time with this?	为什么我们在这上面浪费时间
I owe you so much.	我欠你这么多
He said that he wanted some money.	他說他要一些錢
You should apologize for your rudeness.	您该为您的粗鲁道歉
The missing cat has not been found yet.	失踪的猫还没被找到
Are you angry?	您生气了吗
Other than Sundays, I work every day.	除了星期天我每一天都工作
Tom was a real hero.	汤姆是个真英雄
Her face turned red.	她脸红了
The dog always barks at me.	狗總是對著我嚎叫
I'm sorry that I'm late.	对不起
We had a great relationship.	我們的關係非常好
Tom followed me.	汤姆跟着我
Nothing is going his way.	什么都没按他的路子走
I don't think Tom has any teaching experience.	我认为汤姆一点教学经验都没有
Tom is there already.	湯姆己經在那裡了
They forced me out.	他们逼我出来
My plans failed one after the other.	我的計劃一個接一個的失敗了
It's the truth.	这是事实
When was the last time that you watered the garden?	你最后一次给花园浇水在什么时候
I don't get the joke.	我没弄明白这个笑话
He did not get up early.	他没有早起
This guitar is so expensive that I can't buy it.	这吉他太贵了
His way of thinking is very childish.	他的思維方式很幼稚
Tom doesn't have to go to Boston next week.	Tom	下星期不用去波士頓
Tom knew that Mary was upset.	汤姆知道玛丽不高兴
You people are no fun at all.	你们这帮人真没意思
That was a month ago.	那是一個月前了
Tom is a clever kid.	汤姆是聪明的孩子
Two beers, please.	请来两杯啤酒
May I pay with a credit card?	我能用信用卡支付吗
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan on going to Boston with you.	汤姆让我告诉你他没有计划和你一起去波士顿
I asked for my father's help.	我向我父親求助
I grew up near a river.	我在一條河的附近長大
Where is the nearest police station?	最近的警察局在哪里
Tom has been a friend of mine for years.	汤姆是我多年的朋友
You must look over the contract before you sign it.	你在签字前必须仔细看合同
Your essay still needs some improvement.	你的论文还需要改进
How're you doing?	你們好嗎
The average height of girls in this class is over 155 centimeters.	这个班的女生平均身高超过了
You are a woman.	你是个女人
May I have the check, please?	請把帳單給我好嗎
Clearly you are mistaken.	顯然的
Tom is an excellent father.	汤姆是个杰出的爸爸
I'm looking forward to seeing you next week.	我期盼著下週見到你
Unfortunately, she is absent.	不幸的是
We need to get going.	我们该走了
Where is Tom?	汤姆在哪儿
Do you know if she can speak English?	你知道她是否會講英語嗎
I saw it in the newspaper.	我在报纸上看到了它
I've been told that you're a very competent person.	有人說你是個很有能力的人
They are melons.	它们是瓜
Tom was stripped to the waist.	汤姆光着膀子
You may use my dictionary.	你可以用我的字典
He doesn't have the guts to say no to my plan.	他沒那個膽拒絕我的提議
"Did he write a letter yesterday?" "Yes, he did."	"	他昨天寫了一封信嗎
How did you know that was my favorite one?	你怎麼知道那是我最喜歡的
Might I ask your name and address?	我能问一下您的姓名和住址吗
What illness do I have?	我得了什麼病
He will travel abroad next year.	明年他要去国外旅游
It is difficult to play the piano.	彈鋼琴很困難
Many English words are derived from Latin.	許多英文單字源自於拉丁文
I don't want him to touch me.	我不想被他感动
I'm used to staying up late at night.	我习惯晚睡
Why can't we go and see Tom?	為甚麼我們不能去看湯姆
Please take me to the hospital.	請帶我去醫院
The tip of the spear was dipped in a deadly poison.	矛尖浸在一種致命的毒藥裡
"I'll do it tomorrow." "You said that yesterday!"	“	我明天再做
I'd like to join your group.	我想加入你們的團隊
This umbrella is mine.	這把傘是我的
He put the book on the shelf.	他把书放在了书架上
Tom has never been willing to help us before.	湯姆以前從不這樣願意幚我們
That's neat.	那很棒
I'm already over thirty.	我已经三十多了
Tom fell asleep sitting up in the chair.	汤姆坐在椅子上睡着了
China has about 25 times the area of Japan.	中国的版图大概是日本的二十五倍
That wasn't the main reason that Tom needed to do that.	这不是汤姆要做那件事的主要原因
I can't make an exception.	我不能破例
Put your guns down.	放下你的枪
We still have plenty of time left.	我們還剩下很多時間
Tom and Mary will go with me.	湯姆和瑪麗會跟我走
Do you deliver on Sundays?	你们周日送货吗
After climbing Mt. Fuji, I got the inspiration for a poem.	攀登富士山後
Children generally have a higher body temperature than adults.	小孩的体温一般比大人的要高
I barely escaped being hit by the truck.	我差點被卡車撞上
I don't want to do anything risky.	我不想做任何冒險的事
The file is corrupt.	文件已损坏
She has no sense of beauty.	她沒有審美感
The milk is sour.	牛奶馊了
Tom isn't yet finished.	湯姆還沒完成
Some gum stuck to his shoes.	口香糖粘到他的鞋子上了
Don't laugh at him for making a mistake.	不要因为他犯了一个错误就嘲笑他
I can do it by myself.	我可以獨自做
I usually get up at 6:00.	我一般六点起床
I'm extremely tired.	困死了
I got up early yesterday.	昨天我很早起床
Who invented the telephone?	谁发明了电话
Can I be of any service to you?	我能帮你什么忙吗
I was in the garden all afternoon.	我整个下午都在花园里
I applied for membership in the association.	我申請成為協會會員
I'm never at home on Sundays.	我周日从不在家
Stop looking for problems, Tom.	别找事
Tom didn't want to do that.	湯姆不想去做那件事
He is a screwball.	他是一個怪人
This is delicious.	很美味
I was alone in the classroom.	我独自待在教室里
She lives just across from us.	她就住在我們對面
She went to the park with him.	她跟他去公園了
Have you answered that letter yet?	你回信了嗎
I think we shouldn't let Tom do that again.	我認為我們不該讓湯姆再那麼做
They drink coke.	他们喝可乐
My father will often read the newspaper during meals.	我父亲常在吃饭时看报纸
It is dangerous to jump onto a moving train.	跳上一列正在开的火车是很危险的
I don't want it.	我不要
Our house is conveniently located.	我們的房子位於交通便利的地方
Why are you so smart?	为什么你的脑袋那么聪明呢
Is breakfast included?	包括早饭吗
Tom definitely looks younger than Mary.	汤姆看起来的确比玛丽年轻
They came all the way from Brazil.	他们从巴西远道而来
Is it true that Tom can't swim?	汤姆真的不会游泳吗
To err is human, to forgive divine.	人皆有錯
They are jealous of our success.	他们嫉妒我们的成功
At the age of six, I was taken to a circus for the first time.	在我六岁的时候
How much time do you estimate it'll take you to do that?	你估计做那件事需要花费你多少时间呢
How could it be Tom's fault?	它怎麼能是湯姆的錯
I'm more interested in spoken English.	我對口語英語更感興趣
Tom called the police.	汤姆叫了警察
That isn't altogether false.	那不全是錯的
You ought to have come to our party.	你應該到我們的派對的
He survived an accident last year, but still drives recklessly.	他去年在事故中幸存了
In case of fire, dial 119.	遇到火灾打
Why are you giving me this money?	你为什么给我这些钱
There are some cookies in the jar.	罐子裡有一些餅乾
I should clean my room.	我应该打扫我的房间
He began to feel afraid.	他开始害怕了
He had the right idea.	他的想法是对的
He had his shirt on inside out.	他把他的襯衫穿反了
Don't waste your time.	别浪费时间
We had a mild winter last year.	去年冬天很暖和
It's possible that you don't know this.	你有可能不知道这事
Don't walk home alone.	不要自己一个人走回家
Do you like snow?	你喜欢雪吗
I got a lot of mosquito bites.	我被很多的蚊子叮了
The noise frightened the baby.	噪音吓到了婴儿
Do you know where he lives?	你知道他住在哪裡嗎
This fork is dirty.	這把叉子是髒的
This knife doesn't cut well.	這把刀不好切東西
The teacher said that the earth is round.	老師說地球是圓的
An apple fell to the ground.	一個蘋果落到了地上
Your bicycle is better than mine.	你的腳踏車比我的好
I went to school in Boston.	我曾经在波士顿上学
I'm sorry about being late.	对不起
It's clear that there's a rather strong disagreement between the two.	很明顯的是這兩者之間有很強烈的分歧
Do you follow?	懂了吗
My friend's father is a doctor.	我朋友的爸爸是個醫生
Can you find it?	你能找到它嗎
It's not as difficult as you think.	那个没你想象的那么难
It's a pity they're getting divorced.	很遗憾他们离婚了
When does the movie start?	電影什麼時候開始
I need to go to the bathroom.	我要去方便一下
This shirt needs ironing.	这衬衫需要熨
You should have kept it secret.	你應該保密的
Tom applied for the job.	湯姆申請了這份工作
I know what you're doing.	我知道你在做什么
I'll never tell anyone where I've hidden the treasure.	我不會告訴任何人我藏寶的地方
I know my limitations.	我知道我的限度
Tom, are you okay?	汤姆
Is it next Monday that Tom returns?	汤姆是在下个星期一回来吗
You're very brave, aren't you?	你很勇敢
He is up to his ears in debt.	他浑身是债
I am engaged to her.	我跟她訂婚了
It's difficult to keep secrets.	守住秘密很难
Is that what it's called?	那就是它的叫法嗎
Tell me the truth.	告訴我真相
Is this your daughter?	這是你的女兒嗎
You're working hard.	你工作努力
Tom blushed.	汤姆脸红了
I'm really not happy about it.	我對此真不高興
Only a few people understood me.	只有一些人了解我
Who likes beans?	谁喜欢豆子
She was promoted.	她晉升了
If you bite me, I'll bite back.	如果你咬我
It is raining all the time.	雨下个不停
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.	有人拿错了我的鞋
Tom used to drink like a fish.	Tom	過去喝很多酒
He's been teaching for 20 years.	他已經教了
You are not a coward.	您不是个懦夫
Nobody wants that.	这个没人要
I'm not a bit tired.	我一點也不累
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.	我打心底里感激你
He was late because of the snow.	他因為下雪所以遲到了
Valuable time has been lost.	宝貴的時間已失去
I'm not a native speaker.	我不是个母语者
I received an invitation.	我收到了一张请帖
I'm willing to attend the meeting.	我願意參加這場會議
The taxi picked up two passengers.	這輛計程車載了兩名乘客
I was glad to hear of your success.	我很高兴知道你成功了
We haven't lost much.	我們沒有失去太多
My son doesn't obey me.	我儿子不听我话
She won everything.	她贏得一切了
This amount includes tax.	这个价格含了税
The rain lasted a week.	雨下了一周
He helped me do my homework.	他幫我做我的功課
She was satisfied with the new dress.	那条新裙子让她很满意
I have a bike.	我有一輛自行車
I hope you'll get well soon.	我希望你很快就會好
This is just for you.	這是只給你的
Do you plan to stay long?	你打算長時間停留嗎
Lying is wrong.	说谎不好
Tom told them not to do that.	湯姆告訴他們不要去做那事
The main question is how does Tom feel.	主要的问题是汤姆的感受如何
Tom complained that Mary never helped him.	汤姆埋怨玛丽从来不帮他
I could swim well even when I was a child.	我很小的时候就游得很好了
Do you really want to move to Boston?	你真想搬去波士頓
Long time, no see. I hear that you've changed your job again.	好久不见
Here is the book you are looking for.	你正在找的書在這裡
It's fun to speak in French.	说法语很有趣
I woke up early.	我起得早
Her mother will continue to work.	她母亲将继续工作
Will you give me a light?	借個火好嗎
He's rich, but he's not happy.	他很有钱
What does it contain?	它包含了什么
Tom walks very slowly.	汤姆走得很慢
We shouldn't expect too much help from Tom.	我們不該期望從
You'd better not go there again.	你最好不要再去那裡
Tom is on the baseball team.	Tom	在棒球隊裡
Is that your car?	那是你的車嗎
I'm in a hurry today.	我今天趕時間
Can I borrow your car tonight?	我今晚可以借一下你的车吗
When I go on vacation, I'll rent a car.	去度假的时候我要租辆车
I'm responsible for the mistake.	我为这个错误负责
Put it on one bill, please.	請記在一張帳單上
He has no chance of succeeding.	他沒有成功的機會
I missed you very much yesterday.	我昨天非常想念你
Ask her how much soup she wants.	問她要多少湯
You've done a lot.	你做了很多
What's wrong with my plan?	我的計畫有問題嗎
He never said that.	他從來沒說過那個
Are you nervous?	你紧张吗
Have you worked the puzzle out?	你解开谜团了吗
Tom said that he didn't think you should do that.	汤姆说他不认为你应该那么做
You're going too far.	你太过分了
I like pizza very much.	我非常喜歡比薩
I think she's an honest woman.	我认为她是一个诚实的女人
Riding a horse is really thrilling.	騎馬真的很令人興奮
This problem is worth discussing.	這個問題是值得討論的
I hate French.	我讨厌法语
I don't remember where I bought it.	我记不起来我在哪里买的了
An electric current can generate magnetism.	電流可以產生磁性
Tom didn't buy a new car yesterday, did he?	汤姆昨天没有买新车吧
I'd like you to have an ultrasound.	我想讓你接受超聲檢查
The letter was written by Tom.	這信是湯姆寫的
I can't tell you how much we've missed you.	想死你啦
We have the same problem.	你的问题和我的一样
Raspberries are very expensive.	覆盆子很貴
More than twenty boys went there.	超過二十個男孩去了那裡
This song was written by Foster.	這首歌曲是由福斯特所寫的
Do you think it's a trap?	你認為它是陷阱嗎
I've been waiting here for thirty minutes.	我在这里等了三十分钟
Yesterday he came back late.	昨天他回來晚了
Would you mind explaining this?	你願意解釋嗎
I don't know if he can come tonight.	我不知道他今晚會不會來
I can't put up with his arrogance.	我受不了他的傲慢
For what purpose did he come here?	他来这里的目的是什么
This isn't my car.	這不是我的車
How is the weather there?	那里的气候怎么样
When did this happen?	這是什麼時候發生的
If we were supposed to talk more than listen, we would have been given two mouths and one ear.	如果我們應該少聽多說話
I'm very grateful for everything you've done for me.	非常感谢你所做的一切
You owe me something.	你欠我點東西
Give my love to your kids.	替我向你的孩子們問好
You may take this.	您可以拿着这个
I took it for granted that he would pass the exam.	我理所当然地觉得
You should return what you borrow.	有借有还
Do you have many friends?	你有很多朋友吗
This man is not reliable.	这个人靠不住的
I don't blame you for hitting him.	我不怪你撞到他
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain.	日本的人口比英国多
Go get your passport.	去拿你的护照
She asked him for help.	她向他求助
Slavic languages fascinate me.	斯拉夫语让我着迷
They are breaking down the wall.	他們正在拆這面牆
Haven't I seen you before?	我以前沒見過你嗎
I stayed home because of the rain.	因為下雨
Several cottages have been isolated by the flood water.	好几间小屋被洪水孤立起来了
Let's rest here.	在这里稍微休息一下吧
I'm very interested in languages.	我对语言很感兴趣
None of the telephones are working.	所有的電話都不通
The doctors are looking at an x-ray.	医生在观察
Don't talk about it in my mother's presence.	我妈在的时候别讨论这件事
She is always at the bottom of the class.	她总是在班上拿倒数第一
Tom is already here, but Mary hasn't gotten here yet.	汤姆已经在这里了
Those apples are big.	那些蘋果很大
They were scolded by the teacher.	他们被老师训斥了
Tom told me that he'd be right back.	汤姆告诉我他会马上回来
Tom is tired.	湯姆累了
Tom isn't going to give me that.	汤姆不会同意的
Tom is no longer a member of this club.	汤姆不再是俱乐部的成员了
Give me a ring tomorrow.	明天打电话给我
I could barely get out of bed yesterday.	我昨天幾乎下不了床
Give it another go.	再試一次
She speaks both English and French.	她會講英語和法語
Do you live here?	你住這裡嗎
Tom missed it.	汤姆错过了它
Don't let him down.	别让他失望
I don't think he is sincere.	我不相信他是真心的
Have we made progress?	我們取得進步了嗎
As soon as she wakes up, we'll turn on the music.	她一醒
Should we have some lunch?	我們該吃午飯了吧
There was a sudden change in her tone.	她声调突然变了
This table is reserved.	这个桌子被预约了
Don't translate English into Japanese word for word.	不要逐字逐句的把英文翻譯成日文
Look into my eyes.	看著我的眼睛
Is there any possibility of his resigning?	他有可能辭職嗎
I started thinking about Tom.	我开始想起汤姆
The tomato is a vegetable, not a fruit.	番茄是蔬菜而不是水果
Tom is by far the tallest boy in our class.	汤姆远比我们班其他男孩高
Tom doesn't know how to tie his shoes.	汤姆不知道怎么系自己的鞋带
Do you really think that I look like Tom?	你真的觉得我长得像汤姆吗
I have no books to read.	我没书可读
A hundred years is called a century.	一百年被叫做一个世纪
