I really like this story.	我真喜欢这故事
I bought a new television.	我买了台新电视机
I promise it won't happen again.	我保证它不会再发生
The street is paved with asphalt.	这条街铺上了柏油
Control is everything.	控制就是一切
How long would it take?	要多长时间
Are you planning on eating that all by yourself?	你打算自己一人把它全部吃了吗
He graduated from Cambridge with honors.	他以优异的成绩毕业于剑桥大学
I look forward to your next visit.	我期待著您的再次光临
Please don't speak so fast.	请不要说得这么快
I want to have a cup of coffee.	我要一杯咖啡
We should always try to help others.	我们应该尽力帮助他人
Tom's bicycle was stolen yesterday.	汤姆的自行车昨天被偷了
Any one of us could do it.	我们之中任何一个都能做到
You're in big trouble.	你们有大麻烦了
It's sometimes difficult to control our feelings.	有时我们很难控制自己的情绪
My father is a native French speaker and my mother is a native English speaker.	我父亲的母语是法语
He is not a singer, but an actor.	他不是歌手
We have no classes on Wednesday afternoons.	我们周三下午没课
I can't remember his name.	我不记得他的名字
It's pretty heavy.	它真重
You cannot have your cake and eat it, too.	既要马好
Mary helped her mother cook.	玛丽帮她妈妈做饭
I thought that was a great story.	我觉得那是个很棒的故事
Tom works in a bank now.	汤姆现在在银行上班
A dolphin is a kind of mammal.	海豚是一种哺乳动物
It is dangerous to drink too much.	酒喝太多很危险
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.	我明天把它带给你
If you want to know, just ask.	如果您想知道
I wonder why karaoke is so popular.	我不知道为什么卡拉
She is as tall as you.	她跟你一样高
Don't mix ammonia and bleach together.	别把氨水和漂白剂混在一起
He is afraid of snakes.	他害怕蛇
The risk is too great.	风险太大
Between you and me, I'm going to quit my present job soon.	我只跟你说
Tom is the tallest in his family.	汤姆是他家里最高的
I used to swim here every day.	我以前每天在这里游泳
He answered my question with a "no."	他用一个
Modern technology has made our lives more comfortable.	现代科学技术让我们的生活更加舒适
It looks like it'll rain today, too.	今天也好像会下雨
I'm a citizen of the world.	我是世界公民
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.	我在你这个年纪的时候
I guess most of them went home.	我猜他们大多数回家了
Einstein enjoyed playing the violin.	爱因斯坦喜欢拉小提琴
My dream is to be a doctor.	我的梦想是成为医生
They won't find Tom.	他们不会找到汤姆
Few people live to be 100 years old.	很少人活到
You never listen to our advice.	你从来不听我们的建议
I don't know anybody here.	我不认识这里的任何人
People, old and young, all came out to greet the guests.	无论老幼
I am going to see him today.	今天我要去看他
What am I to do now?	怎么办
I could not convince him of his mistake.	我没能让他认识到他的错误
I don't smoke anymore.	我不会再抽烟了
Tom only wears a suit on special occasions.	汤姆只在特殊场合穿西装
I couldn't find his house.	我找不到他的家
Let's see if Tom knows what to do.	让我们看看汤姆知不知道该做甚么
You didn't come to school yesterday, did you?	你昨天没来学校
He invented an excuse for being late.	他为他的迟到制造了一个借口
I'm not afraid of death.	我不怕死
I like having breakfast with you.	我喜欢和你一起吃早餐
Tom is ill.	汤姆生病了
Work slowly.	干活慢点
How did Tom get out of jail?	汤姆是如何出狱的
I can't put up with his arrogance.	我不能忍受他的傲慢
The game will probably be called off.	这场比赛将可能被取消
There aren't that many synagogues in this city.	这座城的犹太教堂不是很多
Is anyone absent today?	今天有人缺席吗
Does Tom still like jazz?	汤姆还喜欢爵士乐吗
Where do they want to go?	他们想到哪儿去
I'm staying home.	我在家里待著
I missed you very much yesterday.	我昨天非常想念你
My mother is preparing breakfast.	妈妈正在准备早餐
Which one of the two brothers did you see?	你见到的是两兄弟中的哪一个
He fell down on the floor.	他摔倒在地
Please continue with your story.	请继续讲你的故事
Where are we meeting?	我们在哪里见面
The man you met at the station is my father.	你在车站遇到的男人是我爸
He wiped the sweat off his face.	他擦去了脸上的汗水
I advise you to change clothes.	我建议你换衣服
Tom couldn't go to the concert because he had to work.	汤姆去不了音乐会
Check your dictionary.	查词典
I understand how you feel.	我明白你的感受
I don't think we should wait.	我认为我们不应该再等
Tom never recovered completely.	汤姆从来没完全恢复
That one is really good.	那个真好
Back off!	后退
I paid about fifty dollars.	我花了大约五十美元
Let me introduce my mother to you.	让我向你介绍我的母亲
She will be here this evening.	她今天晚上将在这里
I've finished reading that book.	我读完了那本书
Tell him where he should go.	告诉他该去哪儿
I have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary.	如果必要的话
No way!	没门
You don't look very good.	你看上去不太好
There are many slums in Mexico.	在墨西哥有很多贫民窟
I have almost no money with me.	我身上几乎没有钱
Change trains at the next station.	在下一站换火车
That is his house.	那是他家
My brother's room is always a mess.	我弟弟的房间总是很乱
I just ate sushi and drank beer.	我刚才吃了寿司喝了啤酒
He's my younger brother.	他是我弟弟
My father stopped drinking.	父亲戒酒了
I go by that church every day.	我每天都从那座教堂前经过
I really like him, but not his circle of friends.	我真的很喜欢他
I'd like a room in the front.	我想要一间前面的房间
He went there instead of his father.	他代替他的父亲去
I confessed to stealing the money.	我承认偷了钱
I understand the concept.	我明白这概念
Everything comes to those who wait.	成功属于耐心等待的人
Don't tell Tom the truth.	别把真相告诉汤姆
The boy took the radio apart.	这个男孩把收音机折散架了
Will you have another slice of pie?	你要再来一块馅饼吗
Do you have your student ID card?	你有学生证吗
I spent my vacation at the beach.	我在海边度假
This is the best restaurant I know of.	这是我知道的最好的餐馆
Just take my word for it.	请相信我的话
I tried to hit Tom, but he ducked.	我要去打汤姆
I got this bicycle for free.	我免费得到了这辆自行车
I'm learning two foreign languages.	我正在学两门外语
What do you really want to say?	你实际上想说什么
Is Tom at school?	汤姆在学校吗
What did it cost?	多少钱
I've been looking for my tripod.	我一直在找我的三脚架
She will be the first Japanese woman astronaut.	她将会成为日本第一个女性太空人
Does he know that you love him?	他知道你爱他吗
The wind is cold today.	今天刮冷风
Have you seen any movies lately?	最近看了什么电影没有
Tom became a doctor.	汤姆成了医生
Who threw a stone at my dog?	谁朝我的狗扔的石子
To tell you the truth, this is a little too spicy for me.	说实话
Do you want more?	你想要更多吗
It is dangerous to drive so fast.	车开得这么快很危险
He threw a piece of meat to a dog.	他朝狗扔了一块肉
Tom hasn't given us anything.	汤姆什么也没给我们
I told Tom what to do.	我告诉了汤姆要做什么
Be careful not to catch a cold.	小心不要感冒了
I don't think you need to change.	我不认为你该改变
It's about the size of an egg.	它的大小就像鸡蛋
Tom told me that he'd love to help.	汤姆告诉我他很乐意帮助
We don't do it very often.	我们不常做
Tom isn't wrong.	汤姆没有错
Do you know whether she can speak English?	你知道她是否会讲英语吗
She should have been more careful.	她本来应该更小心的
My grandfather's photograph is on the wall.	我祖父的照片在墙上挂着
We'll be ready in time.	我们会及时准备好
How much does this umbrella cost?	这把伞多少钱
He fell asleep with the radio on.	他睡著了但收音机还开著
Why did you paint the bench red?	为什么你把长凳漆成红色了
I should've asked.	我本应该先问的
It is too hot to stay here.	太热了不能待在这里
May I see you in private?	我们能私下见见吗
I'll wait for you in front of the radio station.	我会在电台前等你
Green suits you.	绿色适合你
It'll take a long time.	我要花很长时间
He's very good at playing guitar.	他很擅长弹吉他
I wish I could go to Japan.	我非常希望能够去日本
This is only one of the things we found.	这只是我们发现的东西之一
Tom didn't let me answer Mary's question.	汤姆没有让我回答玛莉的问题
It is just your imagination.	这只是你的想象
She's wearing high heels.	她穿著高跟鞋
He likes to go out on horseback.	他喜欢骑马出行
I had no right to interfere.	我没有权利干涉
I hope your brother is better.	我希望你弟弟好点了
Step aside.	让开
Her nose is bleeding.	她在流鼻血
I'm afraid she may have the mumps.	我怕她可能得了腮腺炎
A mile is equal to about 1,600 meters.	一英里大约是
Do I sound like I'm in love?	听起来像是我恋爱了吗
Look into my eyes.	看著我的眼睛
He often stays up late at night.	他经常在晚上熬夜
There's nothing I can do.	没有我可以做的事
Tom didn't know that what he'd done was against the rules.	汤姆不知道他的所作所为违反了规则
Biting your fingernails is a bad habit.	咬指甲是个坏习惯
How was your trip?	你的旅行怎么样
Having missed the train, I had to wait about an hour for the next one.	由于错过了火车
Stop, or I'll shoot.	停止
Her speech moved the audience.	她的演说感动了听众
Do you have any smaller sizes?	你有任何比较小的尺寸吗
We both cried.	我们都哭了
What does this mean?	这是什么意思
The man ate bread.	这个男人吃了面包
To master English is hard.	精通英语是困难的
Do you want some rice?	你们要米饭吗
What're you reading?	你在看什么
I've found a place to live.	我找到了个住处
This is my fault.	这是我的错
That might not have happened.	也许那没有发生
Tom's prediction was correct.	事儿被汤姆说中了
Who is your English teacher?	你的英语老师是谁
Let's wait for a while and see how you do.	让我们等一会儿看看你怎么做
Anybody can make a mistake.	谁都会犯错
We really appreciate their effort.	我们真的感激他们的努力
I brush my teeth twice a day.	我一天刷两次牙
How many books do you have?	你有多少本书
Tom became popular among teenagers as soon as he made his debut on the screen.	汤姆第一次上电视后就广受青少年的欢迎
I think I'm going to go now.	我认为我现在该走了
He's not breaking the law.	他没违法
You're just a coward.	你就是胆小鬼
I'm looking for you.	我在找你
Coming! I'll be there in a minute!	马上
When it stops raining, let's go for a walk.	等雨停了
She must still be in her twenties.	她一定还只是二十几岁
Mary is the prettiest girl in her class.	玛丽是班里面长得最漂亮的女孩
She's almost the same height as you.	她差不多和你一样高
His son was expelled from school.	他的儿子被学校开除了
The explanation is by no means satisfactory.	这个解释不是很令人满意
How high is Mt. Fuji?	富士山有多高
She took a bite of the apple.	她咬了一口苹果
I'm no quitter.	我不轻易放弃
Is there a zoo in the park?	公园里有动物园吗
According to the newspaper, there was a big fire last night.	根据报导
There was not a tree in sight.	看不到任何一棵树
I don't have much time.	我时间不多
Which is your book?	哪本是你们的书
His way of thinking is very childish.	他的思维方式很幼稚
Safety is the most important thing.	安全是最重要的事情
I went to the hospital.	我去了医院
Tom might be a vegetarian.	汤姆可能是素食者
Will you show me your photo album?	你能让我看看你的相簿吗
Tom hit me first.	汤姆先打了我
My mother happened to be there when the fire broke out.	着火的时候我妈妈恰好在那
I could hardly keep from laughing.	我忍不住要大笑
We are all looking forward to seeing you and your family.	我们都期待看到你和你的家人
Where is my umbrella?	我的伞在哪
It's difficult to understand his theory.	他的理论很难懂
His greatest fault is talking too much.	他最大的缺点就是话太多
I'm amazed at your audacity.	我对你的厚颜无耻感到惊讶
It's quarter to eight now.	现在是七点四十五分
I got this vacuum cleaner for nothing.	我免费得到了这个吸尘器
There's no way to know.	没有办法知道
She felt like taking a walk.	她想去散步
The dog always barks at me.	狗总是对著我嚎叫
If I lost my key, I wouldn't be able to lock the door.	如果我弄丢了我的钥匙
Close the door, please.	请关上门
He's just a business associate.	他只是个事业合伙人
She gave birth to a daughter yesterday.	她昨天生了一个女儿
Who are you waiting for?	你在等谁
Both of my brothers are married.	我的两个兄弟都结婚了
We have to do our best.	我们要尽力而为
Is Tom really a nice guy?	汤姆是个好人吗
I have to get to the hospital.	我得去医院
Take a taxi to the hotel.	打的去旅馆吧
You can't do two things at once.	你不能一心二用
He glanced at his watch.	他看了一眼他的表
We bought a round table.	我们买了张圆桌
I have no more time to talk with you.	我没时间再跟你说话了
Go straight home.	直接回家
She got married at the age of 17.	她十七岁结婚
We have no reason to feel ashamed.	我们没理由害臊
The young girl burst into tears.	这个年轻的女孩泪流满面
Tom didn't have dinner last night.	汤姆昨晚没吃晚餐
You need to attach your photo to the application form.	你必须把你的照片贴在申请书上
Would you like some sugar in your tea?	红茶里要加糖吗
Would you please look after my dog tomorrow?	你明天可以帮我照顾一下我的狗吗
I think I can.	我想我可以
It is two miles from here to the park.	从这里到公园距离两英里
The ticket is good for three days.	这张票的有效期是三天
We elected her chairperson.	我们选她为主席
We promised to stand by him in case of trouble.	我们承诺万一他有麻烦的时候支持他
The pressure was tremendous.	压力很巨大
Their traditional life style no longer exists.	他们传统的生活方式不再存在
She is as beautiful as her mother.	她跟她妈妈一样漂亮
Stick another stamp on the envelope.	把另一张邮票贴在信封上
Do you have something to say?	你有什么事要说吗
We want you to marry Tom.	我们希望你和汤姆能结婚
It became dark before I knew it.	我不知道天色变暗了
I can't look at this painting without thinking of my mom.	我无法看著这幅画而不想起我母亲
I can't finish the job in so short a time.	我无法在这么短的时间内完成这份工作
How's work?	工作怎么样
The king crushed his enemies.	国王摧毁了他的敌人
I use this.	我使用这个
Spanish is her native language.	西班牙语是她的母语
You are lying.	你在撒谎
She came from Canada to see me.	她从加拿大来看我
Have you still not finished paying for my bike?	你还没有为我的自行车付完款吗
Give me three pieces of salmon.	给我三片鲑鱼肉
Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.	玛丽哭着从学校跑回了家里
Call me when you get settled in.	你安顿好就打电话给我
I'm sure that he'll succeed.	我肯定他会成功的
I confess that I'm tired.	我承认我很累
A rolling stone gathers no moss.	滚石不生苔
He swims better than I do.	他游泳比我好
He threatened to make it public.	他威胁要公开
Give me the report.	给我报告
Tom was on TV last night.	汤姆昨晚上电视了
What's the weather like there?	那儿是什么天气
Ten houses were burned down.	十间房屋被烧毁了
Tom and Mary were smiling.	汤姆和玛丽正微笑着
I want something hot to drink.	我想喝点热的饮料
Tom felt very guilty.	汤姆感到非常愧疚
Go to the patio.	去露台
Tom definitely looks younger than Mary.	汤姆看起来的确比玛丽年轻
We should learn from history.	我们要以史为鉴
Did I miss the party?	我错过派对了吗
The man reading a paper over there is my uncle.	在那儿看报纸的男人是我叔叔
Keep next Sunday free.	把下周日空出来
I am a translator.	我是个翻译
That's a nice car you're driving.	你开的那辆车很不错
We're ready for the next step.	我们准备好了走下一步
I was awfully confused by his question.	我对他的问题感到非常困惑
According to the Bible, God made the world in six days.	根据圣经记载
The air felt a little cold.	空气有点冷
Do you know what he said?	你知道他说了什么吗
It will be snowing when we arrive at Shiga Heights.	我们到达志贺高原时会下雪
Is your school in this town?	你的学校在这个城市吗
Promises are made to be broken.	诺言就是用来打破的
I am interested in palm reading.	我对掌上阅读很感兴趣
You should obey your parents.	你该听你父母的话
We like you.	我们喜欢你们
Are there any direct flights between Boston and Sydney?	请问波士顿和悉尼之间有直飞航班吗
Did you buy juice?	你买果汁了吗
I don't know what I'm doing.	我不知道我在做甚么
Everybody wished he had been elected governor.	每个人都希望他当选州长
He often takes me for a drive.	他常常载我去兜风
Do you want to dance with me?	你愿意和我跳舞吗
What do you two do for fun?	你们两个做了什么有趣的事情呢
Tom has gone back home to Boston.	汤姆回波士顿的家去了
I'm going to see a horror film.	我要去看恐怖电影
He is a teacher.	他是老师
She folded up the towels and put them away in the cupboard.	她把毛巾折叠好再放入柜子里
I'm very hungry.	我好饿
Is there a youth hostel around here?	附近有没有青年旅舍
Most boys like baseball.	大部分男生喜欢棒球
That man grabbed the young girl's wrist.	那个男人抓住了这个年轻女孩的手腕
That was an excellent meeting.	那是场精彩的会议
Everybody says I look like my father.	每个人都说我看起来像我爸爸
I recommend it strongly.	我强力推荐它
Which do you prefer, dogs or cats?	狗和猫你更喜欢哪一个
He proposed a reform in the educational system.	他提议对教育系统进行改革
He's a bit lively.	他有点活泼
I play tennis once in a while.	我偶尔打网球
After she had lunch, she got ready to go out.	吃过午饭后
Tom doesn't respect Mary's opinion.	汤姆不尊重玛丽的观点
We need a hero.	我们需要英雄
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be.	玛丽不是真病
Keep Tom safe.	确保汤姆安全
Have you ever seen Tom when he's mad?	你有看见过汤姆生气的时候吗
Please replace the empty ink cartridge in the printer.	请把打印机里面的空的墨粉鼓换掉
The weather forecast is not reliable at all.	天气预报一点也不可靠
I've always kept my promises.	我一直遵守我的诺言
Where's the nearest shopping mall?	最近的大卖场在哪里
I've just arrived at the airport.	我刚刚抵达了机场
I did my best.	我做得好到不能再好了
When she was in Los Angeles, she had at least six different jobs.	当她在洛杉矶的时候
No one was there.	谁也不在那里
I don't want any milk at all.	我完全不要牛奶
Tom was already at work.	汤姆已经在上班了
Half of these apples are rotten.	这些苹果的其中一半都烂了
I anticipate that there will be trouble.	我预料会有麻烦
There are a lot of parks in London.	伦敦有很多公园
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.	如果他说得一口流利的英文
Well, girls, it's time to go.	那么
Is that the railroad station?	这是火车站吗
I've got a frog in my throat.	我紧张得说不出话来了
Tom wouldn't hurt anyone.	汤姆不会伤害任何人
He would not agree to our proposal.	他不同意我们的建议
We went swimming at the beach.	我们去海边游泳
Complaining won't change anything.	抱怨不会改变任何东西
Can you give me an example?	你可以给我举个例子吗
The explosion may have been caused by a gas leak.	这场爆炸有可能是瓦斯外泄引起的
Someone has walked off with my pencil.	有人偷走了我的铅笔
Let's meet at one o'clock.	让我们在一点见面
The same thing is happening here in Boston.	同样的事在这
I don't think that Tom has any teaching experience.	我认为汤姆一点教学经验都没有
Do you believe ghosts exist?	你相信鬼存在吗
My uncle has three children.	我的叔叔有三个孩子
That makes sense.	那样说得通
The sun doesn't shine at night.	太阳在晚上不亮
Listen, I've got to run.	听着
This is the time he normally arrives.	他这个时候该到了
The letter was finished.	信写完了
She lives in a huge house.	她住在一个很大的房子里
We don't have class on Wednesday afternoons.	我们周三下午没课
Tom approached cautiously.	汤姆小心地接近
She decorated her room with roses.	她用玫瑰花装饰了她的房间
Tom used to drink like a fish.	Tom	过去喝很多酒
This car is very economical on gas.	这辆车很省油
Tell me where to put these books.	告诉我这些书要放在哪里
I get up at six.	我六点起床
Love makes the world go round.	爱让世界转动
You need to seek help.	你需要寻求协助
Tom doubled his investment in a year.	汤姆一年内增加了一倍的投资
Tom is wearing the same clothes he was wearing yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
I wonder if anything happened to him.	我怀疑有什么事在他身上发生了
The phone rang while I was taking a shower.	我在洗澡的时候
May I go now?	我现在能去了吗
I'm going to take the 10:30 train.	我要搭
I'd like to ask you a few more questions.	我想问再你几个问题
We were able to catch the last train.	我们能赶上最后一班火车
My father got home late last night.	我父亲昨晚很晚才回家
Do you want to know why I quit?	您想知道为什么我要离开吗
How awful!	太可怕了
No matter where I go, I get lost.	不论去哪
I don't know anything about him.	我不知道任何有关他的事
When will you go out?	你什么时候要出去
You should not go alone.	你不应该一个人去
Tom's parents were both teachers.	汤姆的父母都是教师
Take me home.	带我回家
It's my money.	那是我的钱
I don't think I can help you very much.	我看我帮不上你很多忙
What are you hinting at?	你在暗示什么
One of the girls was left behind.	这些女孩当中其中一个被留下来了
He has a good grasp of English.	他精通英文
I'm moving next month.	我下个月要搬家了
I can't believe that you were the smartest kid in your class.	我不敢相信你是你们班里面最聪明的孩子
I thought I had all the answers.	我认为我有所有的答案
She testified that she saw the man.	她作证说她看见了这名男子
Is that a stork or a heron?	那是一只鹳还是一只苍鹭
She didn't like the horse at first.	起初她不喜欢马
It's very normal.	它很正常
Tom has no idea what to do with all the junk in his garage.	汤姆不知道拿他车库的那些废物怎么办
Tom has a heart condition.	汤姆有心脏病
Will the train leave on time?	这班火车会准时出发吗
God bless America.	上帝保佑美国
Don't laugh.	别笑
It rained.	下了雨
I don't know who made the cake.	我不知道这个蛋糕是谁做的
Take off your socks, please.	请脱下你的袜子
The kidnapper told me he'd kill Tom if I didn't show up alone.	绑匪告诉我我如果不独自出现他就会把汤姆杀了
Leaves begin to fall in October.	树叶在十月开始掉落下来
Wait here till I come back.	在这儿等著
Tom pretty much forgot about the meeting.	汤姆差不多忘了开会的事儿
I know my limitations.	我知道我的限度
I want to show you something in my office.	我想给你看看我办公室里的一些东西
We don't have any bread left.	我们没面包了
Tom seems a little confused.	汤姆看来有点困惑
A bridge was built across the river.	人们修了一座桥过河
We shouldn't expect too much help from Tom.	我们不该期望从
I must sell my house.	我得卖我的房子
How much does it cost?	这个几块
Tom and Mary are out of danger.	汤姆和玛丽脱离了危险
Did you know that before?	你之前知道那个吗
I'm a little taller than you.	我比你高一点
Could you call me back a bit later?	你可以稍后回电给我吗
I thought that it would be worse.	我觉得会更糟
Tom told me he'd be right back.	汤姆告诉我他会马上回来
They didn't come here, did they?	他们没来这里
You and I have something in common.	你和我有一些共同点
She's usually home on Sundays.	周日她通常在家
Where are we eating breakfast?	我们在哪里吃早餐
Clean up the room.	收拾房间
Show it to me.	给我看下它吧
I don't know anything about his past.	我不知道任何有关他过去的事
I need to find out when we need to be there.	我得知道我们什么时候要到那里
There will be snow tomorrow.	明天会下雪喔
We need to make a plan.	我们需要做计划
Do you feel like eating something?	你想吃点东西吗
I remember the way you used to dance.	我记得你以前跳舞的方式
After several delays, the plane finally left.	经过数次延迟之后
Tom wants to see us.	汤姆想来看望我们
I plan to catch the 10:30 train.	我打算搭十点三十分的火车
It has nothing to do with me.	它跟我没关系
Let me go alone.	让我一个人去
I'm not a member of the club.	我不是这个俱乐部的会员
The monkey climbed up a tree.	猴子爬上了树
Don't judge a man by his clothes.	不要以穿著来判断一个人
You are very courageous.	您非常勇敢
I had a good dream last night.	昨晚
Take a sweater with you so you don't catch a cold.	为了不感冒
I will wait here until he comes back.	我会等在这儿直到他回来
I found the book interesting.	我觉得这本书很有意思
I'm in a desperate situation.	我处在绝境
You should come home before six.	你应该六点前回家
Put some more wood on the fire.	再往火里添些木柴
You must leave.	你必须走
I'm not about to ask him.	我不想要问他
They got here yesterday.	他们昨天到这里的
The fire alarm rang.	火警警报响了
Please show me what to do next.	请告诉我下一步该做什么
I am waiting for you to finish your homework.	我等你把作业做完
Maybe we should open it now.	我们现在可能该打开它
I provided him with food.	我为他提供了食物
We had an unpleasant experience there.	我们在那里有一个不愉快的经历
Bear his advice in mind.	牢记他的建议
Suddenly, it started to rain very hard.	突然就下起了大雨
His brother goes to school by bus.	他哥哥搭公车去学校
I want to go wherever you're going.	我想去你要去的地方
You're very resourceful.	你鬼点子真多
I have to say goodnight to Tom.	我必须跟汤姆说晚安
Would you like a tour?	你想去参观吗
Will it rain tomorrow?	明天会下雨吗
Mary doesn't wear as much makeup as Alice.	玛丽没有化爱丽丝那样浓的妆
In March, many flowers come out.	许多花在三月份绽放
I was deeply impressed by the scenery.	我被这景色深深迷住了
I am not married.	我单身
Tom should've already discussed that with you.	汤姆应该已经跟你讨论过那事了
The town was defended by a large army.	城市由一支大军守卫
Let us know when you'll arrive.	让我们知道你什么时候会到
Is there any chance that Tom isn't going to be there?	有没有可能汤姆不会去那儿
The area was quiet.	这地区很安静
This is gibberish.	这是胡说
A young girl on crutches asked Tom where he lived.	一个拄着拐杖的年轻女孩问汤姆他住在哪里
That child has few friends.	那孩子没有什么朋友
That was all Greek to me.	我完全看不懂
I saw him cross the road.	我看见他穿过了马路
I have a bicycle.	我有一辆自行车
He advertised his house for sale.	他登广告出售他的房子
The earth is similar to an orange in shape.	地球的外形和橙子相似
Everybody saw it.	每个人都看见了
Tom headed out the door.	汤姆向门走去
Have you already rung the doorbell?	你按门铃了吗
Since you're here, we might as well begin.	既然你在这里
Tom doesn't care about money.	汤姆不关心钱
The company's competitive edge will be eroded if system engineers continue to leave.	如果系统工程师继续离开
Tom and Mary are studying together in the library.	汤姆和玛丽在图书馆一起学习
I really want to know what's going on.	我真想知道发生了什么
My mother almost never complains.	我妈妈几乎从不抱怨
Can I come to your place?	我能去你家吗
Would you please wait for a few minutes?	能不能请你等几分钟
Look back!	回头看
I have just eaten lunch.	我刚吃过午饭
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.	我穿著我的睡衣吃早餐
They say that Venice is a beautiful city.	他们说威尼斯是个漂亮的城市
You must pay attention to him.	你必须注意他
He was opposed to monopolies.	他反对垄断
I think it's time for you to grow up.	我觉得你是时候该懂事了
I met him on my way home.	我在回家的路上遇见了他
This job pays pretty well.	这工作报酬很高
You like classical music, don't you?	你喜欢古典音乐
It was rather easy for them.	这是对他们来说相当容易
The visitor sat across from me.	访客坐在我的对面
What's your problem?	你有什么问题
Remember to mail this letter.	记得要去寄这封信
Do you have a map?	你有地图吗
You'd better consult the doctor.	你最好请教一下医生
I asked him for a favor.	我请他帮忙
Let's clean our room.	打扫我们的房间吧
He vowed to give up smoking.	他发誓要戒烟
I invited him to the party and he accepted.	我邀请他去派对
We are to be married next Sunday.	我们将于下周日结婚
I'm ready to go back home.	我准备回家了
We usually walk to school.	我们通常步行去学校
That gentleman usually wears a hat.	那位绅士经常戴著一顶帽子
Let me take your blood pressure.	让我量量你的血压
Tom told me he doesn't like carbonated drinks.	汤姆告诉我他不喜欢碳酸饮料
Turn off the TV.	把电视关了
He's a good lad.	他是个好人
You seem like a very smart person.	你看起来像一个聪明人
I caught a cold two days ago.	我两天前感冒了
It's hard to maintain one's reputation.	维持一个人的声誉是很难的
Whose cup is this?	这是谁的杯子
I think so, too.	我也这么认为
She went to the Takasu clinic.	她去了高须诊所
I like grapes, but I can't eat so many.	我虽然喜欢吃葡萄
Tom still works at the same restaurant where Mary works.	汤姆还是在玛丽工作的那家餐馆继续工作
There's a hole in this bucket.	这个桶有个洞
They are very big.	他们非常大
If I won the lottery, I'd buy a new car.	如果我中了彩票
I continued working.	我继续工作
My father drives a very old car.	我的父亲开一辆旧车
How much is the entrance fee?	门票多少钱
He who laughs last, laughs best.	最后笑的人
Can you pass me the salt, please?	请你把盐递给我好吗
Don't be fooled by appearances.	不要被外貌蒙蔽了
She cried.	她哭了
How long did it take you to finish reading that book?	你看完这本书要多少时间
I am on the right.	我在右边
They live in a rented house.	他们住在出租屋里
She is a real beauty.	她是一位真正的美人
His parents expect too much of him.	他父母对他期望过高
I'm still a beginner.	我还是个新手
She was wearing pumps.	她穿著舞鞋
Tom saw the file.	汤姆看了文件
Was it all an illusion?	那全是幻觉吗
I had a pleasant dream last night.	我昨晚作了一个好梦
Can you drive a car?	您会开车吗
My father went fishing.	我父亲去钓鱼了
You'll be able to drive a car in a few days.	几天之后你就可以开车了
Is it yours?	这是你的吗
Where did it come from?	它从哪里来
Will you permit me to go there?	您允许我去吗
She decided to resign.	她决定辞职了
I won't be wearing a tie.	我是不会系领带的
I ate the meat.	我吃肉了
Think before you act.	三思而后行
I don't like my hair at all.	我根本不喜欢我的头发
Fight like a man!	像男人一样战斗
Time is the most precious thing in the world.	时间是世界上最宝贵的东西
Tom knows nothing about the situation.	汤姆对局势一无所知
I think it's possible Tom may come.	我觉得汤姆有可能会来
Please be quiet.	请安静
I've been busy today.	今天我一直很忙
Tom couldn't hold back his anger.	汤姆没法压抑自己的怒火了
You should make good use of this opportunity.	你要好好把握这个时机
I saw tears in her eyes.	我在她的眼睛里看到泪水
Everybody in the village knew him.	村子里的每个人都认识他
I can't go.	我不能走
Pride goes before a fall.	骄兵必败
I'm a student in a university.	我是一名大学生
We had three tries and failed each time.	我们试了三次
What he says is total nonsense.	他说的话根本毫无意义
I often use SSH to access my computers remotely.	我经常使用
When I opened the door, I found him asleep.	当我打开门的时候
They called their son Tom.	他们给他们的儿子取名叫汤姆
He's a meth addict.	他是个吸毒男
Throughout the five years of painful cancer treatments, he managed to keep a stiff upper lip.	这五年痛苦的癌症治疗他终于坚持下来了
I noticed she was wearing a new hat.	我注意到她当时戴了顶新帽子
My brother bought an electric guitar.	我的兄弟买了电子吉他
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be intoxicated.	汤姆告诉玛丽她应该停止假装醉酒
Tom says he's willing to help.	汤姆说他愿意帮忙
Tom saw the exhibits.	汤姆看了展览会
I was happy to see him.	我很高兴见到他
Please tell me Tom is OK.	请告诉我汤姆很好
There's no reason to get angry.	没有生气的理由
I don't like it.	我不喜欢
Don't come into my room.	别进我的房间
I work every day but Sunday.	除了星期天我每一天都工作
The mother missed her daughter who was away at college.	妈妈想念她在读大学的女儿
Tom took Friday off.	汤姆星期五闲着
Are you good at calligraphy?	你擅长书法吗
I didn't take part in the conversation.	我没有参与对话
He regrets his having wasted his money.	他后悔自己的挥金如土
Have you eaten yet?	你们吃饭了吗
You can probably guess what happens though.	但你很可能猜得到会发生什么
Who decided that?	谁决定了那件事
You'd better see a doctor.	你还是去看病吧
Doctors have discovered some startling facts.	医生发现了一些令人吃惊的事实
I've seen it with my own eyes.	我亲眼看见了
My room faces east.	我的房间面向东边
I bought a red sports car.	我买了一辆红色的跑车
The monkey fell from the tree.	猴子从树上掉了下来
Singing is her strong point.	唱歌是她的强项
There was a sudden change in her tone.	她声调突然变了
The cost of living has gone up.	生活费升高了
Do you feel tired?	你累了吗
You're really a hard worker.	你真是个努力的工人
I am looking forward to seeing you.	我期待见到你
I'm hers and she's mine.	我是她的
I heard it on the radio.	我从收音机听到它
I've just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer.	我刚才吃了寿司喝了啤酒
Tom is a bookworm.	汤姆是只书虫
Tom thought he had a chance to make a lot of money on the stock market.	汤姆觉得他有机会在股市赚一大笔钱
Most Americans do not object to my calling them by their first names.	大多数美国人似乎不反对我直呼其名
Would you like another cup of coffee?	你想要另一杯咖啡吗
He moved into my neighborhood.	他搬到了我家附近
I've changed my website's layout.	我改了一下我的网站的布局
I shouldn't have eaten the whole bag of potato chips.	我不该把一整包薯片都吃完的
I was vaccinated against the flu.	我接种了流感疫苗
I've never seen a live whale.	我从来没有见过一条活生生的鲸鱼
The movie was really good.	这部电影真的很好看
My laptop crashed.	我的笔记本电脑发生故障了
It's really bad for your eyes.	它对你的眼睛有害
Tom is working the night shift.	汤姆上夜班
I accepted the offer.	我接受了报价
I wish to see my father.	我希望看看我的父亲
When would you like to see him?	你想要什么时候见他
My aunt gave me an album.	我姑姑给了我一本集邮册
She speaks clearly enough to be easily understood.	她说得足够明白易懂
Tom made a list of places he wants to visit.	汤姆把他想去的地方列成了一张清单
The dog is dying.	这只狗快要死了
I applied for a summer internship.	我应征了一个暑期实习
We didn't see anybody.	我们谁也没看见
He is a teacher at our school.	他是我们学校的老师
Come and dance with me.	过来和我跳舞啊
There is an apple under the desk.	写字台下是一只苹果
A female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me.	我的一个女性朋友喜欢跟我一起去同志酒吧
Dogs bark.	狗会叫
The capital of Australia is Canberra, not Melbourne.	澳大利亚的首都是堪培拉
My brother and I are in the same class.	我的兄弟和我在一个班级
Every time I read the Bible, I am deeply moved.	每次我读圣经都会被深深地感动
We're still nervous.	我们还是紧张
He talks as if he were a teacher.	他说话就像一位老师
See how high you can jump.	看看你能跳多高
I should do it.	我应该去做
The ceremony will take place tomorrow.	明天举行典礼
What are you looking at?	你在看什么
Tom isn't a bad coach.	汤姆不是坏教练
I think what you say is true.	我觉得你说的是真的
I have lost my pencil.	我的铅笔掉了
As soon as I get to London, I'll drop you a line.	我一到伦敦就会给你留言的
I believe in you.	我相信你
What's for supper?	我们晚饭吃什么
I'll be watching you.	我会看著你
I'll do it.	我会做的
How about Friday?	你觉得周五怎么样
He complains all the time.	他总是在抱怨
I don't think you ought to.	我认为你不应该
I talked him out of the idea.	我说服他放弃了这个主意
I got up at about six.	我六点左右起床
Let them take care of themselves.	让他们照顾自己
I like playing baseball.	我喜欢打棒球
Why do you have two cars?	他为什么有两辆车
I can't remember.	我想不起来
What are you reading?	你在看什么
No one supported his motion.	没人支持他的动议
He took a week off.	他休了一周的假
Tom goes to work by motorcycle.	汤姆骑摩托车上班
He cannot sing well.	他歌儿唱得不咋地
A tsunami is coming, so please be on the alert.	海啸来了
I like jazz.	我喜欢爵士乐
Get out of my house.	滚出我的房子
I don't eat oranges.	我不吃橙子
It's better than nothing.	有比没有好
We buy eggs by the dozen.	鸡蛋是论打买的
I like this color as well.	我也喜欢这颜色
That red dress looks good on her.	她穿那件红色的衣服很好看
You look tired. You ought to rest for an hour or two.	你看起来很累
Let us know whether you can come.	让我们知道你是否能来
You look like a monkey.	你看着像猴
We do the best we can.	我们尽我们所能
I almost left my umbrella in the train.	我几乎把我的雨伞忘在火车上
She will come soon.	她很快就来了
He poured cold water over himself.	他往他自己身上泼了一盆冷水
Do you trust her?	你相信她吗
She was very surprised at the news.	她对那个消息非常惊讶
She described him as a detective.	她把他形容为侦探
I'm much better today than yesterday.	我今天觉得比昨天好多了
I'm surprised you're so naive.	我很惊讶你竟然那么天真
These oranges are very sour.	这些橘子很酸
All the flowers in the garden withered.	所有花园里的花朵都枯萎了
That is our school.	那是我们的学校
Did you tell on Tom?	你们打汤姆的小报告了吗
He is not interested in art at all.	他对艺术一点也不感兴趣
Tom wants a glass of water.	汤姆想要一杯水
I am a student at Oxford University.	我是牛津大学的学生
I made a few modifications.	我做了点改动
Japan imports various raw materials from abroad.	日本从国外进口各种原料
My son is brushing his teeth.	我的儿子在刷牙
I can do what I want.	我可以随心所欲
This wasn't cheap, was it?	这不便宜
This computer cost three thousand dollars.	那台电脑是花三千块买的
I am looking forward to hearing from you.	谨待复信
Don't point at others.	不能用手指人
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he didn't know how to do that.	汤姆不想玛丽知道他不知道怎么做
Rather than cutting down on cigarettes, why don't you just give them up?	比起少抽烟
I think it's unlikely Tom will get elected.	我觉得汤姆不太可能会当选
Tom doesn't even know how to fry an egg.	汤姆甚至连怎么煎鸡蛋都不知道
I'm very interested in dialects.	我对方言很感兴趣
Tom has written to me.	汤姆给我写信了
I have many abilities.	我有很多才能
I made an apple pie for you.	我做了一个苹果派给你
I wish I were rich.	但愿我很有钱
I've no way of telling whether or not what he says is true.	我无法判断他的话是真是假
I have one brother and two sisters.	我有一个兄弟和两个姐妹
Tom applied for the job.	汤姆申请了这份工作
Winter is my favorite season.	冬天是我最喜欢的季节
He'll be done soon.	他很快就好了
In comparison with Tokyo, London is small.	和东京比
Riding double on a bicycle is dangerous.	脚踏车双载是危险的
The car got stuck in the mud.	这辆车陷在泥里了
Don't put anything on top of the box.	不要放任何东西在箱子上面
I saw him reading a book.	我看见他在读一本书
I want you to come at once.	我想您马上来
You ask too many questions.	你问题太多了
My father is too busy to take a walk.	我父亲太忙而无法去散步
This is your only chance.	这是你唯一的机会
It's no longer snowing.	已经不下雪了
The children slid down the bank.	孩子们滑下岸边
I built this for you.	我为你建了这个
Can you imagine walking on the moon?	你可以想象在月球上行走吗
Is this really real?	这真是真的吗
I'm looking forward to seeing you next week.	我期盼著下周见到你
The dog is sitting by the bowl.	狗坐在碗旁边
Mary wanted to marry a man with ambition.	以前
Tom didn't get much sleep.	汤姆没怎么睡
The old man was almost hit by a car.	老人几乎被车撞上
"What time is it?" "It is ten-thirty."	"	几点了
What are you driving at?	你们在暗示什么
Let me cut the carrots.	胡萝卜我来切吧
Please make three copies of each page.	请把每一页复印三份
Tom went abroad.	汤姆出国了
I'll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home.	我会安排一下
Flowers bloom.	鲜花盛开
Only one person survived the accident.	只有一人幸免于难
He failed the exam, but he doesn't care too much.	他考试失败了
Is she a computer programmer?	她是个女程序员吗
I don't know much about computers.	我对电脑知道的不多
Tom's thrilled.	汤姆兴奋不已
With her help, my French improved little by little.	在她的帮助下
Wood burns.	木材可燃
Why don't you grow up?	你为什么长不大呢
We got there at the same time.	我们在同一时间到了那里
He's a good person.	他是个好人
He has written two books.	他写了两本书
The French Revolution began in 1789.	法国大革命
Never forget to put out the fire.	永远不要忘记关火
What did you do with your camera?	你用你的照相机做了什么
It's great.	真是太好了
We're friends from way back.	我们是老朋友了
We were all pretty shocked.	我们都很震惊
That's great.	那真是太好了
You can use my dictionary.	你可以用我的字典
Please tell me your name.	请告诉我你的名字
I didn't see anything.	我什么都没看见
I want to be a computer programmer.	我想做一个程序员
I hate being alone on Valentine's Day.	我讨厌在情人节一人独处
We think Tom will be back soon.	我们认为汤姆会很快回来
I asked him what his name was.	我问了他叫什么名字
You should read a lot of books while you're young.	应该趁年轻多读点书
There's narrow road to the village.	到村庄有条窄路
He kept me waiting for an hour.	他让我等了一个小时
I subscribe to two newspapers.	我订阅了两份报纸
Did you drive her home last night?	昨晚你把她送回家了吗
That's wrong.	不对
What's your cousin's name?	你堂兄叫什么名字
You should be careful not to become overconfident.	你要注意不要太自信
Tom is a Canadian.	汤姆是加拿大人
Who is your favorite TV star?	谁是你最喜爱的电视明星
Tom got drunk with his friends in the park.	汤姆和他的朋友们在公园喝醉了
Tom says he's tired.	汤姆说他累了
I'm still sleepy.	我还很困
I will show you the picture.	我会给你看图片
Give me back the book after you've read it.	在你读完后
Why did you try to run away?	为什么你企图逃走
Where is the wedding to be?	婚礼在哪儿举行
What time do you open?	你们什么时候开始营业
It's been a long time.	已经过了很长时间了
Ask him what to do next.	问他下一步该做什么
Tom meant it as a joke, but nobody laughed.	汤姆认为那是个玩笑
He may not be happy.	他可能不高兴
I have a friend whose father is a magician.	我有一个父亲是魔术师的朋友
I like sports.	我喜欢运动
Who cares when she gets married?	谁在乎她何时结婚
Please peel the potatoes.	请把马铃薯的皮削掉
You don't have a fever.	你没发烧
I was always good at English.	我的英文一直都不错
Go with these men.	跟这些人走
Tom remained puzzled.	汤姆迷惑不解
My mother doesn't like watching TV.	我母亲不喜欢看电视
We are looking for a nice house to live in.	我们在找一个漂亮的屋子住
I'd like to talk with you privately.	我想跟你私下说话
Do you understand?	你明白了吗
It's been ten years since I came to this town.	我来这个镇有十年了
Ladies and gentlemen, due to an accident at the airport, our arrival will be delayed.	女士们
Can I have it?	可以给我吗
Some people like volleyball, others enjoy tennis.	有些人喜欢排球
Tom regrets his mistake.	汤姆为他的错误后悔
I just don't want to marry Tom.	我只是不想和汤姆结婚
I would like to help you.	我愿意帮你
Pride goes before a fall.	骄傲使人落后
Ignore Tom and me.	无视汤姆和我
Life is not all fun and games.	生活并不都是轻松愉快的
I changed trains at Tokyo Station.	我在东京站换火车
I broke my arm.	我的手臂断了
Tom bought this camera for a reasonable price.	Tom	用合理的价格买了相机
I believed that he would keep his promise.	我相信他会信守诺言
I didn't tell anyone what you did.	我没有告诉任何人你做了什么
I'm a foreigner.	我是一个外国人
There are many different people in Europe.	欧洲有许多不同的人
Gold is much heavier than water.	金子比水重得多
No way!	不可能
I feel sad.	我很难过
Are you having problems?	你有问题吗
My sister made me a beautiful doll.	我妹妹做了一个漂亮的娃娃给我
All of my software is open source.	我的软件全都是开源的
Where is Tom from?	汤姆是哪里人
I love movies.	我爱电影
Tom has traveled around the world.	汤姆环游了世界
To master English is difficult.	精通英语是困难的
Is this Tom's?	这是汤姆的东西吗
That's not a cat. It's a dog.	那不是猫
The first thing you have to take into consideration is time.	你应该考虑的第一件事是时间
This book is really interesting.	这本书真的很有趣
She was not a very good pianist.	她不是一个很好的钢琴家
No one escaped alive.	没有人生还
I'm cooking dinner.	我准备晚餐
Mary has as attractive a personality as her sister.	玛丽性格很好
Stay and have a drink with us.	留下来和我们一起喝酒吧
"Where is your book?" "On the desk."	「	你的书在哪
You're lying, aren't you?	你在撒谎
The weather is nice tonight.	今晚的天气不错
I don't mind waiting for a while.	我不介意等一会儿
Have a nice day.	祝你一天过得愉快
How about another piece of cake?	你要再来一块蛋糕吗
Will you go to Harvard?	你会去哈佛大学吗
I like soccer.	我喜欢足球
She said that he was handsome.	她说他很英俊
If Tom doesn't surrender, shoot him.	如果汤姆不投降
You should've never interfered.	你从来不该干涉
She always studies while listening to music.	她总是边听音乐边念书
I haven't yet collected sufficient materials to write a book.	我还没有收集到足够的材料来写一本书
There is a page missing.	有一页缺了
You're a strange girl.	你是个奇怪的女孩
Sentences begin with a capital letter.	句子以一个大写字母开头
Now, what do you want me to do?	现在
When do you have to go to bed?	你甚么时候必须去睡觉
His advice didn't help at all.	他的建议完全没用
Tom suggested that I change the lock on my door.	汤姆建议我换我的门锁
Everybody knows his name.	每个人都知道他的名字
Show me an example.	给我个例子
He lived in the center of London.	他住在伦敦市中心
I thought it would be worse.	我觉得会更糟
She has beautiful handwriting.	她的笔迹漂亮极了
Neptune is the eighth planet of the solar system.	海王星是太阳系第八个行星
I retired last year.	我去年退休了
You'll miss me when I'm gone.	我走了你会想我
He died without having made a will.	他没立遗嘱就死了
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.	别害怕犯错
Are you a student of a private high school?	你在私立高中读书吗
Something must be wrong with the machinery.	这个机器一定有什么地方不对劲
Eat and drink.	吃吧
You're really something.	你太能干了
I admit that this may not be the best way of doing it.	我承认这可能不是最好的方法
The ships reached port.	船进港了
Tom can do so much better than I can.	汤姆可以比我做得好很多
These are the new ones.	这些是新的
Count to thirty.	数到三十
Please don't take pictures here.	请别在这里拍照
She is drunk with happiness.	她陶醉在幸福里
They called off their engagement.	他们解除了婚约
Just then, the bus stopped.	就在那时
Are you a senior high school student?	你是个高中生吗
That's insane.	那是疯狂的
I took a taxi from the station to the hotel.	我从车站搭了一班到旅馆的计程车
I'll give you anything but this.	除了这个之外我会给你任何东西
Tom sat at his desk, pretending to study.	汤姆坐在桌前
Wipe the pan dry with a paper towel.	用纸巾把那口锅擦干
I was asked whether I wanted to do that.	我被问到我是不是要这么做
You don't need to carry lunch with you.	你不需要随身带著午餐
I phone him every day.	我每天都给他打电话
What do you say we go skiing?	我们去滑雪怎么样
We expect a lot from him.	我们对他期望很多
A Japanese wouldn't do such a thing.	日本人不会做这种事
You're not too bad-looking.	你看起来不难看
He couldn't stand the bitterness of the coffee.	他受不了咖啡的苦味
I use Firefox.	我使用火狐浏览器
When I came home, I felt very hungry.	我回到家的时候
Tom said he thought he should study French.	汤姆说他认为他该学法语
Lie down and rest for a while.	躺下来休息一会儿
He grew up to be an engineer.	他长大后成为了一名工程师
I've made a mistake.	我搞错了
Can I say something?	我可以说些什么吗
You were eavesdropping.	你在偷听
They drink coke.	他们喝可口可乐
Cross out the incorrect words.	划掉错误的单词
It's about time to go to school.	差不多该去学校了
Are you sure you don't want me to say anything?	你确定要我什么都不说
My daughter wants a kitten.	我女儿想要一只小猫
It's not something that I'm very good at.	这不是我所擅长的事
The youngest daughter is exceptionally beautiful.	么女长得特别漂亮
I feel like crying.	我想哭
Do you believe that God exists?	你相信神存在吗
His advice didn't help much.	他的忠告没起到太大的作用
I like flowers.	我喜欢花
Don't change your mind.	不要改变你的心意
Could you shut the door?	你能把门关上吗
You seemed surprised.	你看起来很吃惊
Why don't we go home?	我们何不回家呢
You make life worth living.	你让生命值得活下去
Tom hurt himself.	汤姆弄伤了自己
Tom will be back in the afternoon.	汤姆下午会回来
He refused my friend request.	他拒绝了我加好友的请求
I think you need to spend a little more time on your homework.	我觉得你应该多花点时间在作业上
I met your parents yesterday.	昨天我遇到你父母了
I returned the knife which I had borrowed.	我把我借来的刀还了
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.	格雷厄姆葛林是我最喜欢的作家之一
We've had it analyzed.	我们已经将它做了分析
He is very afraid of his mother.	他非常怕他的母亲
Now let's get down to work.	现在让我们开始工作
I want a guitar.	我想要一把吉他
Do you feel lucky?	你觉得幸运吗
A swarm of hornets attacked the children.	一窝黄蜂袭击了孩子们
Tom is kind to everybody.	汤姆对每个人都好
I didn't know where it came from.	我不知道它是从哪里来的
He is not qualified for the job.	他不胜任这份工作
She twisted her ankle while she was doing exercise.	她锻炼时扭伤了脚踝
She and I are brother and sister.	我和她是兄妹
Maybe you should just give up.	可能你应该放弃
Does it taste good?	好吃吗
What do you think of Japanese food?	你觉得日本料理怎么样
We met her by accident.	我们偶然碰到了她
He left his parents when he was eight years old.	他八岁时离开了他的父母
They are making for the forest.	他们正向森林而去
Everyone knows that Tom speaks good French.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
Sooner or later his luck will run out.	迟早他的运气会用完
The old man passed away this morning.	老男人今天早上去世了
Tom doesn't know how to have fun.	汤姆不知道怎样玩得开心
She made a mess of the work.	她把工作弄得一团糟
I got up at five that morning.	那天早上我五点起床
I am a man.	我是个男人
You're the new secretary, aren't you?	您是新来的秘书吧
I hope everything will be fine in the end.	我希望最后一切都好
I took it for granted that he would pass the exam.	我理所当然地觉得
His parents took him for a walk.	他的父母带他去散步
The night was cold.	夜晚很冷
I'll visit him tomorrow.	明天我将拜访他
We promise you we'll never do it again.	我们保证我们不会再做了
Tom broke up with Mary.	汤姆和玛丽分手了
He wrote to me yesterday.	昨天他写信给我
That's a face I've seen before.	这张脸我以前见过
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.	我期待收到您的来信
Do you take pride in your work?	你为你的工作感到自豪吗
I wish Tom would just go away.	我希望汤姆走开
If you want it, you can have it.	如果你想要
I'll buy a watch for my son.	我将给儿子买块手表
There was a big gold star on the door.	在门上有一个大大的金色星星
I need it as quickly as possible.	我尽快需要
It takes time to develop political awareness.	培养政治意识要花费时间
Somebody was murdered.	有人被谋杀了
He's busy with his homework now.	他现在正忙著做他的家庭作业
How old is that painting?	那幅画有多少年了
I'm glad I could help you.	能够出一份力太好了
Don't bite on the right side.	不要从右边咬
Many English words are derived from Latin.	许多英文单字源自于拉丁文
Nothing is as important as peace.	没有什么和和平一样重要
This is all he has to do.	这是所有他必须做的事
The meeting lasted two hours.	这个会议持续了两个小时
How do you make a box?	箱子怎么做
This isn't salt.	这不是盐
She is a very good teacher.	她是个非常好的老师
We're confident of victory.	我们有信心获胜
Go and buy three bottles of coke.	去买三瓶可乐
There is a bookstore in front of the department store.	百货商店前有个书店
This shirt costs ten dollars.	这衬衫要十元
It is difficult to give up smoking.	戒烟很难
Thank you very much for your gift.	非常谢谢你的礼物
Do you eat out often?	你常常外食吗
Keep your elbows off the table.	不要再把你的手肘放在桌子上了
You don't need to worry about such a thing.	你不必担心这样的事情
Don't laugh at him for making a mistake.	不要笑他犯了错误
He was late for school yesterday.	他昨天上学迟到了
I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.	我认为一部电影的乐趣远胜于任何一本书
I managed to make him understand it.	我设法让他明白了
Here is a basket full of vegetables.	这里有个装满蔬菜的篮子
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
This is a strange sentence.	这是一个奇怪的句子
She will do her best to be here on time.	她会尽全力及时赶到这儿的
Tom says it's quite important.	汤姆说它十分重要
There were three survivors.	有三个幸存者
She has blue eyes.	她眼睛是蓝色的
Tom could've called the police.	汤姆本可以叫警察的
It's rude to make fun of your boss in public.	在公开场合开你老板的玩笑是无礼的
Do you watch television?	您看电视吗
I have to buy Christmas gifts.	我必须要买圣诞礼物了
I'd buy a new house if I had the money.	如果我有钱
If it is worth doing at all, it is worth doing well.	如果值得一做
If you need a dictionary, I can lend you my old one.	如果你需要字典
You've been had.	你受骗了
I went there because I wanted to.	我去了那里
Let's play baseball!	让我们来打棒球吧
I'm a bachelor.	我单身
You must do it yourself.	你应该自己做
There wasn't any furniture in that room.	那个房间里没有任何家具
I played here last week.	我上星期在这里玩
Tom will return home tomorrow.	汤姆明天回家
Tom searched inside the closet.	汤姆搜查了衣柜里面
My father made me wash the car.	我父亲要我洗车
Nothing much has changed.	没有多少改变
I told Tom that I thought it was a good idea.	我和汤姆说了
They will hold a meeting at 2 o'clock this afternoon.	他们今天下午
You may have been the last person to see Tom.	你可能是最后一个见汤姆的人
You need to know.	你有必要了解
Women tend to live longer than men.	女人往往比男人活得更长
Stop staring.	别再盯着了
I can't put up with this noise.	我不能忍受这个噪音
Do you think this thing is cute?	你觉得这个东西萌吗
Tom is afraid someone will see him.	汤姆怕有人看到他
There's no rush to get married.	不要急著结婚
He substituted for his father.	子承父业
Smoking is bad for your health.	吸烟对你的健康不好
Every nation, rich or poor, has its strengths and weaknesses.	每个国家
Tom looked around, but saw no one.	Tom	看了看周围
She's about the same age as me.	她大约跟我同年纪
Without you, I'm nothing.	没有你
This letter has no signature.	这封信没署名
Are those new shoes?	那是新买的鞋子吗
A trip to America was equivalent to a two-year salary for her.	去美国旅行一次相当于她两年的工资
Valuable time has been lost.	宝贵的时间已失去
Tom bought a camera at a store not too far from here.	Tom	在离这里不远的一家商店里买了一台相机
She can swim further than I can.	她能游得比我远
Tom's funeral will be this weekend.	汤姆的葬礼订在这周末
I'll return at 6:30.	我六点半回来
Everybody wants to sit beside her.	大家都想坐在她旁边
He has three sons.	他有三个儿子
Yesterday I met Mary on the street.	昨天我在街上遇见了玛丽
I'm interested in Asian history.	我对亚洲的历史很感兴趣
The teacher gave us homework.	老师给我们布置了家庭作业
It's not something that anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
I felt something moving on my back.	我感到背上有东西动
The warnings were ignored.	警告被忽视
Tom works on his own.	汤姆独自工作
He doesn't know any of us.	他不认识我们中的任何一个
Better late than never.	亡羊补牢
Tom didn't know who it was.	汤姆不知道那是谁
I thought that I was dreaming.	我还以为我在做梦呢
I arrived at school on time.	我按时到了学校
We hurried in the direction of the fire.	我们急忙跑向火
He was tired, but he kept working.	他累了
I need some medicine to kill the pain.	我需要用药来镇痛
Do you like spinach?	你喜欢菠菜吗
Turn on the light, please.	请开灯
Tom knows that we aren't happy.	汤姆知道我们不高兴
It is time for you to go to bed.	到了你该去睡觉的时候了
You're drinking out of my cup.	你正在把我杯子里的东西喝掉
I can't answer your question.	我无法回答你的问题
A crowd soon gathered around him.	很快人群就在他周围聚集了起来
When you're hungry, anything tastes good.	当你饿的时候
You should rewrite this sentence.	你应该重写这句话
He took a taxi to get there in time.	他打出租车以及时赶到
How long did you think the picnic was going to last?	你认为野餐要多长时间
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.	小别胜新婚
I'm really cold.	我真的冷
She became drowsy after supper.	晚饭后她变得昏昏欲睡
What are we having for supper?	晚饭我们吃什么
Are you sure?	你确定吗
The situation is improving, so cheer up!	情况正在改善
Children should obey their parents.	孩子应该服从他们的父母
All of the students were present.	所有学生都出席了
I'll think it over.	我会考虑一下
Auckland is a city in New Zealand.	奥克兰是一座新西兰的城市
I don't know anyone who matches that description.	我不认识符合条件的人
Can you really swim?	你真的会游泳吗
I told Tom that I thought his house needed to be painted.	我告诉汤姆我认为他的房子要刷漆
Does Tom drink coffee?	汤姆喝咖啡吗
I am not afraid of dying.	我不怕死
Could you please repeat that?	能不能请你重复一下
He is no fool.	他没疯
You're everything to me.	你是我的一切
I live in Boston, but I was born in Chicago.	我住在波士顿
How did you get to know each other?	你们是怎么互相认识的
They've announced their engagement.	他们已经宣布订婚了
Many people were killed in the war.	很多人在战争中被杀
Go away.	走开
You'd better take it easy.	你最好放松
They all burst out laughing.	他们都哈哈大笑起来
She put the magazine on the table.	她把杂志放在桌上
You don't have any more time.	你没有时间了
There was no one there besides me.	那儿除了我
The building is under construction.	大楼正在建造
He caught a cold.	他感冒了
I am determined to be a scientist.	我决心要成为一名科学家
I'll ask for directions.	我问问路
I plan to never drink again.	我打算绝不再喝酒
I don't want anything to drink.	我什么都不想喝
What are your hobbies?	你的爱好是什么
Do you want something to drink?	你想喝点什么吗
Tom wasn't in Australia.	汤姆不在澳大利亚
Tom looked around and realized he was lost.	汤姆环顾四周
Keep to the right.	靠右侧通行
Swimming strengthens the legs.	游泳使腿部强健
My father won't allow me to keep a dog.	我父亲不让我养狗
I went camping with my family.	我和家人去露营
Everybody agrees with you.	大家都同意你
That book was interesting.	那本书很有趣
I'll never be able to live this down.	我以后不能在这镇上生活了
The book is easy.	这本书很简单
She hurt her foot when she fell off her bicycle.	她在从自行车上摔下来时伤到了脚
Tom forgot to sign his name.	汤姆忘记签名了
I told you not to mention that in her presence.	我跟你说过她在的时候不要说这件事
The probe is equipped with a microphone.	探头配有麦克风
I'm from Boston.	他来自波士顿
Turn on the light, please.	麻烦开灯一下
This room is too small.	这个房间太小了
When did you get to know Tom?	你是甚么时候认识汤姆的
She was in a hurry to see her father.	她急于见她的父亲
I can't stop it.	我无法阻止它
There's no mistake.	没有错误
I was the second to last person to hear the bad news.	我是倒数第二个得知这个坏消息的
I thought you had to get up by 7:30.	我以为你要
He took off his glasses.	他摘下了眼镜
I'm so stupid.	我真蠢
When I was a child, I used to swim in that pond.	当我还是个孩子的时候
I think we shouldn't allow Tom to do that.	我认为我们不应该允许汤姆去做
Children generally have a higher body temperature than adults.	小孩的体温一般比大人的要高
Where is my watch?	我的手表在哪里
He invented the wheel.	他发明了轮子
The bell hasn't rung yet.	钟还没响
Come with me.	跟我走
He's the oldest son.	他是最年长的儿子
Are you good at cooking?	你擅长烹饪吗
Everyone will die.	人固有一死
Will you pick me up at seven tomorrow morning?	你明早
There is no place like home.	金窝银窝不如自己的狗窝
The pain is unbearable.	疼痛令人难以忍受
Refugees poured in from all over the country.	难民从整个国家涌来
I want you to help us find out who killed Tom.	我想让你帮我们查出来谁杀了汤姆
Did you vote yet?	您已经投了票了吗
Can't you lower your voice?	你不能小声点说话吗
She didn't want to get involved.	她不想涉入其中
Afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the truth.	怕伤害了他的感情
What language do you think this is?	你觉得这是哪种语言
In a few minutes we'll be landing at New Tokyo International Airport.	我们将于几分钟内降落在新东京国际机场
The television doesn't work.	电视机坏了
We haven't known each other long.	我们彼此认识没有很久
They have been married two years.	他们已经结婚两年了
Tom couldn't see anyone.	汤姆看不到任何人
No one was late.	没有人迟到
He lost his eyesight in an accident.	他在一次意外中失去了他的视力
I couldn't stop myself from laughing.	我不能忍著不笑
It's convenient for me to see you at ten tonight.	我今晚
She is about my age.	她大约跟我同年纪
These pictures were painted by him.	这些画是他画的
Tom doesn't pay attention in school.	汤姆在学校里不专心
Tom was puzzled by what Mary said.	汤姆被玛丽说的话给难倒了
How many prefectures are there in Japan?	日本有多少个县
Should I buy something for him?	我应该买些东西给他吗
This laboratory is equipped with the latest computers.	这个实验室配备了最新的计算机
The dog growled at the strange man.	狗对著这个陌生男子咆哮
Someone is watching you.	有人在看著你
I only want one.	我只想要一件东西
You must wait for the next bus.	你得等下一班公车
People can't keep quiet.	人们无法保持沉默
You shouldn't share too much private information on the social networks.	你不应该在社交网络上分享过多私人信息
My mother gets up earlier than anyone else.	妈妈起得比谁都早
Stay out of the rain.	躲雨
He drank three bottles of beer.	他喝了三瓶啤酒
I don't like to sing in public.	我不喜欢在公共场合唱歌
I'm at home.	我在家
His comment was concise and to the point.	他的评论简洁且击中要害
I'm very interested in these stories.	我对这些故事很感兴趣
I wonder what will happen.	我不知道会发生甚么
I don't think he is truthful.	我不觉得他很诚实
One of the dogs is alive.	这些狗中的其中一只是活的
Many people only speak one language.	许多人只说一种语言
I'm going to go tell Tom.	我要告诉汤姆
Lincoln was elected President in 1860.	林肯在
I chew gum.	我嚼口香糖
No one knows.	谁也不知道
Tom told Mary that it would probably snow all day.	汤姆告诉玛丽雪可能会下一整天
Meet me at the lobby of the Imperial Hotel at 6:30 p.m.	下午六点半到帝国酒店的大堂找我
I have to repair the refrigerator.	我要修冰箱
I saw you kissing Tom.	我看到了你在吻汤姆了
This is the best restaurant I know of.	这是我所知道的最好的餐厅
I will come, weather permitting.	如果天气允许的话
We can't deny the fact that he's honest.	我们无法否认
You may be late for school.	您上学可能会迟到
You can pick out any book you like.	你可以选择任何你喜欢的书
He has a good knowledge of French.	她很懂法语
Choose the one you like.	选一个你喜欢的
Why is your mouth so big?	为什么你的嘴那么大
I hear you have a new girlfriend.	听说你有新女朋友了
Why is everyone being so nice to me all of a sudden?	为什么大家突然对我这么好
The price of eggs is going up.	蛋的价格正在上涨
The dog chased the rabbit.	狗追兔子
She has always lived in Otaru.	她一直住在小樽
We have more customers than we can count.	我们的顾客比我们可以计数的更多
Tom is teaching me to how to sail.	汤姆正在教我怎么开帆船
Tom can take care of himself now.	汤姆现在能照顾自己了
Let's stay here tonight.	让我们今晚留在这里吧
They always skip school.	他们总是逃学
I want to read it.	我想读
I don't think he is sincere.	我不相信他是真心的
Are you certain about this?	对此你确定吗
This dam supplies us with water and electricity.	这个水坝给我们提供水和电
We got up at dawn to avoid a traffic jam.	我们黎明时起床以避开交通堵塞
Japanese office workers work very hard.	日本上班族工作得非常辛苦
To be very honest with you, I don't think I can do that.	和你说句实话
I hate studying.	我讨厌学习
I like football.	我喜欢足球
Is this your pen?	这是你的笔吗
Tom gave Mary that nickname.	汤姆给玛丽起的外号
Tom spilled his drink on himself.	汤姆把饮料洒到了自己身上
Tom isn't an idiot.	汤姆不是傻瓜
You should've been more prudent.	你应该更小心的
We had no time to finish our report.	我们没有时间来完成我们的报告
What I'm saying is true.	我说的是真的
Do you want to eat this?	你想吃这个吗
My flight was delayed.	我的航班晚点了
Tom heard a shout.	汤姆听到了一声喊叫
My father retired at 65 years old.	我父亲在六十五岁时退休
Tom started dating Mary three months ago.	汤姆三个月前开始和玛丽约会
Tom told me that I should do that.	汤姆告诉我我应该去做
A friend of mine is studying abroad.	我有一位朋友在国外留学
As I told you before, you have to do that by yourself.	我之前跟你说过
Although it is snowing, I must go.	虽然正在下雪
Can I have a bottle of red wine?	请来瓶红酒
He is poor at chemistry.	他的化学很差
Have you decided what you want to order?	您决定好要下订单了吗
I just finished cleaning your place.	我刚把你家的卫生做完
No one knows why.	没人知道为什么
What's the weather forecast for tomorrow?	明天的天气预报怎么说
You can't have your cake and eat it too.	既要马好
He was playing the piano.	他那时正在弹钢琴
Is the water in the Black Sea actually black?	黑海里的水事实上是黑的吗
I thought that the questions were easy.	我认为这些问题很容易
I didn't mean to keep it secret.	我不是有意要保密的
By the way, are you free tonight?	顺便问一句
Tom wasn't too happy in those days.	汤姆这些天里不太高兴
Tom is on the baseball team.	Tom	在棒球队里
Why are you awake?	你为什么醒着
The telephone operator asked the caller to hold on until a connection was made.	电话运营商提示来电人等候接通
Laser printers are generally cheaper to maintain than inkjet printers.	激光打印机一般比喷墨打印机用起来更省钱
There's always someone talking.	总是会有人谈论
Give me a kiss.	吻我
Tom demanded an explanation.	汤姆要求有人解释
Let's go!	走吧
I was totally confused.	我完全不懂
I'd like to go to the movies.	我想去看电影
I don't see any bullet holes.	我没看见什么弹孔
Open the bottle.	把瓶子打开
It's possible that Tom lied to you.	汤姆有可能对你撒谎了
Come on, hurry up.	来吧
She greeted me with a smile.	她用一个微笑迎接了我
I wish you had been there.	但愿你去过那里
You can use this car.	你可以使用这辆车
She can play the drum.	她会打鼓
He wasn't able to open the box.	他没有能力打开箱子
I was just trying to protect you.	我只是试著保护你
What can Tom do?	汤姆能做什么
Tom didn't attempt to reply.	汤姆不企图回应
A DNA test showed he was innocent.	DNA	检测表明
This is the only book I have.	这是我仅有的一本书
Your opinion is very important to us.	您的意见对我们很重要
I wish I could buy that guitar.	但愿我可以买那把吉他
He grew a beard to look more mature.	他留了胡子
He told us an interesting story.	他给我们讲了一个有趣的故事
You have to leave.	你们得走了
What's the daily fee?	每天费用多少
Tom stopped walking.	汤姆停下脚步
The news of his death spread around.	他去世的消息传遍各地
I'm not as tall as you.	我没有你高
She spends a lot of money on shoes.	她花很多钱在买鞋上
Tom frequently talks in his sleep.	汤姆经常说梦话
Aren't you happy about this?	你对此不高兴吗
I'd like to meet your older sister.	我想见你姐姐
She has a strong objection to my plan.	她强烈反对我的计划
Australia is the world's fifth-largest coal producer.	澳大利亚是世界第五大煤炭产地
It's a beautiful painting.	是一幅漂亮的画
I get chapped lips every winter.	每年冬天
This is not something that anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
Don't interrupt our conversation.	不要打断我们的谈话
When the cat is away, the mice will play.	猫儿不在
Everybody showed sympathy toward the prisoner.	每个人都对囚犯表示同情
Harvard was founded in 1636.	哈佛始建于
I haven't finished reading this book yet.	我还没读完这本书
Let bygones be bygones.	既往不咎
The pirates boarded the ship.	海盗们上了船
She is doing her homework now.	她现在正在做她的功课
The design itself is flawed.	设计本身有问题
How much sugar do you use?	你用多少糖
Could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days?	你能把你的自行车借我两天吗
My sister usually walks to school.	我姊姊通常走路上学
He gave me authority to fire them.	他授权给我解雇了他们
She's younger than him.	她比他年轻
I'll go to the library with you tomorrow.	我明天要跟你去图书馆
I've been here for a long time.	我在这里很长一段时间了
Tom has known Mary since childhood.	汤姆从小就认识玛丽了
Tom needs to update his website.	汤姆需要更新他的网站
Ouch! My finger got caught in the door.	好痛
Tom asked Mary to stop the car.	汤姆让玛丽停住车
Tom is coming, too.	汤姆也来
Tom can't speak much French.	汤姆说法语说得不太好
Speaking English isn't easy.	说英语不容易
That's not altogether false.	那不全是错的
I feel very sick.	我觉得我病得很厉害
The dolphin and trainer communicated much better than we expected.	海豚和驯养员交流得比我们所期望的好得多
You're an angel.	你真是个天使
When did she get married?	她什么时候结婚的
For the time being, I must share this room with my friend.	眼下我不得不和我朋友同住这间房间
Please hide the blueberry jam where Takako can't see it.	把蓝莓酱藏在享子看不到的地方
Let's all pray together.	大家来一起祈祷吧
I just threw up.	我刚才吐了
Do you want to eat something?	你想吃点东西吗
Tom was caught driving without a license.	Tom	被抓到无照驾驶
Tom is coughing again.	汤姆又在咳嗽了
You'll get used to living here in no time.	你很快就会习惯住在这里
She held her baby in her arms.	她把她的孩子抱在怀里
Many books have been stolen.	很多书被盗了
Nobody tried to help Tom.	没人试图帮汤姆
Where's my folder?	我的文件夹去哪了
The cost of living has risen.	生活费升高了
A few days' rest will do you good.	休息几天会对你好的
I hardly ever go to museums.	我几乎不去博物馆
I'd like the sauce on the side.	我想要酱料放在旁边
I never answer email messages from people I don't know.	我从不回复陌生人发来的电子邮件
I met Tom for the first time three days ago.	我三天前第一次见汤姆
Please let me take your picture.	请让我为你拍照
There are five patients in the waiting room.	等候室里有五位患者
Stay still.	别动
I was worried about his health.	我担心他的健康
Tom needs the money right away.	汤姆现在就需要钱
They hated Tom.	他们恨汤姆
He wore a mask so that no one could recognize him.	他戴著面具以至于没有人认出他
What do you want to do with your life?	你想如何过完一生
There are more girls than boys at our school.	在我们学校里女孩比男孩多
This gives me renewed hopes.	这给了我新的希望
I'll be free all day tomorrow.	明天我一整天都有空
The system worked.	系统运行起来了
This book was very interesting.	这本书很有趣
Let's synchronize our watches.	让我们校对一下表吧
She likes oranges, doesn't she?	她喜欢柳橙
No one will see us.	没有人会看到我们
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.	住在隔壁的男孩常常很晚回来
I think that Tom is about to cry.	我想汤姆快哭了
Where do you work now?	你现在在哪里工作
I enjoy taking pictures.	我喜欢拍照
You can use my car if you like.	如果你喜欢你可以用我的车
She is not always happy.	她不总是高兴
I'm cold. Would you mind turning the heating on?	我很冷
She had already gone to bed when I phoned her at 11:00 p.m.	23	点我打电话给她的时候
I do not agree with you at all.	我完全不赞成你的意见
I don't like winter.	我不喜欢冬天
He got his wife to mend his shirt.	他让他的妻子补好衬衫
Do you have a pencil?	你有铅笔吗
Everything went according to plan.	一切按计划进行
Tom hitched a ride to Boston.	汤姆搭便车去波士顿了
We rented the apartment.	我们租了公寓
I'm sorry, I left my homework at home.	抱歉
You ought to have come here earlier.	你应该早点来的
He swindled her.	他欺骗了她
Do you know who this belongs to?	你知道这是谁的吗
Orange juice, please.	柳橙汁
She planted roses in the garden.	她在花园里种了玫瑰
I remember having seen her somewhere.	我记得好像在哪里见过她
I was uncertain whether to advance or to retreat.	我不确定该前进还是后退
It's easy for monkeys to climb trees.	猴子爬树容易
Now is the time to act.	现在是行动的时候了
Please remain seated for a few minutes.	请坐一会
Go away!	走开
He threw away a bunch of old letters.	他扔了很多旧信件
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.	那是我说过的最愚蠢的话了
Let's drop by his house.	我们去拜访他吧
I'd like to get home by five.	我想在五点前到家
A true scientist wouldn't think like that.	一个正确的科学家不会那样想
What time are you leaving?	你什么时候走
It's too late to call Tom now.	现在很晚了
You're a better skier than me.	你滑雪比我好
The arrow indicates the way to go.	箭头表示行进方向
Experience is the best teacher.	经验是最好的老师
No other mountain in the world is so high as Mt. Everest.	世界上任何山峰都达不到珠穆朗玛峰的高度
For the time being, I'm studying French at this language school.	目前
She has a very quick mind.	她反应很快
May I borrow your knife?	我能借一下你的刀吗
That won't change anything.	这样做的话什么都不会改变的
My plans failed one after the other.	我的计划一个接一个的失败了
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.	每个人都有他的长处和短处
It looks suspicious.	看上去很可疑
Where does he want to go?	他想去哪里
He quarrelled with his brother.	他和他弟弟吵了起来
"Will you have some more coffee?" "No, thanks. I've had enough."	“	你想再来点咖啡吗
It was very cold yesterday morning.	昨天早上很冷
Let me help you with your luggage.	让我帮您提行李
Tom wants children, but Mary doesn't.	汤姆想要孩子
Hundreds of buffaloes moved toward the lake.	数以百计的水牛走向湖边
My job is to wash the dishes.	我的工作是洗盘子
Tom closed his eyes and began to count sheep.	汤姆闭上了眼睛开始数羊
Do you want any of these flowers?	你要这些花中的任何一朵吗
He has been to France three times.	他访问过法国三次
It's almost time for the train to arrive.	现在差不多是火车要到的时间
This isn't new.	这不是新的
He studied for ten years.	他研究了十年
It was raining heavily when I got up this morning.	我今天早上起来的时候雨下得很大
I am not sure when he will come.	我不确定他什么时候来
Tom checked the TV schedule to see what was on.	汤姆检查电视时间表
There's a doghouse in the yard.	院子里的是狗屋
It all depends on you.	这都取决于你
There are billions of stars in the sky.	天空中有数十亿的星星
Good night.	晚安
You'd better not go out today.	你今天最好不要出门
Tom decided to become a monk.	汤姆
Help me peel the potatoes.	帮我削一下土豆
Several dozen young people participated in the demonstration.	几十个年轻人参加了示威游行
Tom said that he had been cleaning the house all day.	汤姆说他打扫屋子打扫了一天
Tom is quite likely to be late.	汤姆很可能迟到
I arrived two weeks ago.	我在两周前到了
You don't like sashimi, do you?	你不喜欢生鱼片
Nothing has moved.	什么都没动
Did you go anywhere during the summer vacation?	这个暑假你有去哪儿玩吗
In any case, it's none of your business.	无论如何
She didn't tell me her secret.	她没有告诉我她的秘密
Sewage often pollutes the ocean.	废水经常污染海洋
Are you free on Tuesday?	周二你有空吗
Who are you calling stupid?	说谁笨蛋呢
He helped me to get over the difficulties.	他帮助我克服了困难
Do you have kids?	你们有小孩吗
I won't know until I talk to Tom.	我不跟汤姆说就还不知道
What is it made of?	这是什么做的
It's been a long time since I've had a real vacation.	好久没有休一个真正的假期了
I don't think that I ordered that.	我觉得我没有下命令
She is capable of teaching English.	她可以教英语
Tom kept me waiting all afternoon.	Tom	让我等了一下午
Tom can do so much better than me.	汤姆可以比我做得好很多
I don't care if you trust me or not.	我不关心你是否信任我
I'll get in.	我会进去
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer.	知道如何使用电脑对我们来说变得很重要
He occasionally visited me.	他偶尔会来拜访我
I should've gone home earlier.	我该早点回家
Most people write about their daily life.	大部分人写的东西是关于他们的日常生活的
Did you borrow it?	你借它了吗
My whole body hurts.	我全身酸痛
Look what happened.	看看发生了什么
What if something gets broken?	要是有东西坏了呢
At last, the truth was revealed to us.	真相总算在我们面前揭晓了
She looks like a teacher.	她看起来像老师
The weather is unusually cold.	天气非常寒冷
I was unable to finish my homework.	我无法完成我的作业
Tom is friendly to everyone.	汤姆对每个人都很友好
Tom doesn't need to thank me.	汤姆不必谢我
My canary was killed by a cat.	我的金丝雀被一只猫杀死了
Where is my book?	我的书在哪
I kept the $20 I found in the street.	我留着在街上发现的
Did you enjoy your winter holidays?	你寒假过得愉快吗
Tom said that Mary hit him.	汤姆说玛丽打他
My dad doesn't like soccer.	我爸爸不喜欢足球
You should know that's impossible.	你应该知道这是不可能的
Who are you looking for, Tom?	你在找谁
Please help yourself to the fruit.	请随意吃水果
I so wanted to believe that.	我很想相信
We're almost like brothers.	我们几乎像兄弟一样
The opening ceremony took place yesterday.	昨天举办了开幕式
I don't understand this sentence.	我不明白这句话
The two of us are students.	我们两个是学生
I don't think it's good.	我不觉得它很好
She couldn't attend that party because she was sick.	她因病不能出席会议
I'd like to pay in cash.	我想用现金支付
Mary won't listen to her friend's advice.	玛丽不会听她朋友的忠告
The situation is worse than I'd thought.	情况比我想的还坏
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the last train.	再不快点你就要赶不上末班车了
This is by far the best novel that has been published this year.	这显然是今年出版的最好的小说
I've decided to shave my head.	我已经决定把我的头发剃了
It's so hard.	太难了
Where is Tom?	汤姆在哪儿
Are you still at home?	你还在家里吗
The dog came running to me.	狗向着我跑了过来
In Switzerland, spring comes in May.	在瑞士
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.	我们需要人力仲介公司帮我们找到合适的人来担任这个管理职位
He is richer than anyone else in this town.	他比镇里的其他人都有钱
Say it clearly.	说清楚
Please wrap it like a Christmas present.	请把它包装得像一个圣诞礼物
I don't understand German at all.	我一点也不懂德语
I applied for a visa.	我申请了签证
His face turned pale.	他的脸失去了所有颜色
Is this what you want?	这是你要的吗
Don't miss the bus.	不要错过公车
Will you lend me your CD player for an hour?	你能借我你的
Congratulations!	祝贺
It started raining as soon as we got home.	我们才一到家就下起雨来了
My baby began crying, asking for milk.	我的宝宝开始哭了
I have breakfast at seven.	我在七点吃早饭
I finished the work in less than an hour.	我用不到一小时就完成了这个工作
Tom doesn't have to thank me.	汤姆不需要谢我
His lectures are very long.	他的讲座很长
She hates green peppers.	她讨厌青椒
I got my bicycle repaired.	我叫人把我的自行车修好了
She will make him a good wife.	她会是他的好妻子
I didn't get the joke.	我没弄明白这个笑话
That kind of person will definitely fail.	这种人注定惨败
Tom did the same thing.	汤姆做了同样的事
You are very brave.	你非常勇敢
I will wait for my sister here.	我会在这里等我姊姊
That's mine. I don't know where yours is.	那个是我的
Ostriches can't fly.	鸵鸟不会飞
I don't feel like studying today in this heat.	今天太热了
Do you have any idea when the bank closes?	你知道银行什么时候关门吗
Turn off the light, please.	请关灯
Were you working last night?	你昨晚在工作吗
One thousand dollars will cover all the expenses for the party.	1000	美元将负担聚会的全部费用
The sun sets earlier in the winter.	在冬天
Both French and English are spoken in Canada.	在加拿大的人说法语和英语
I can't get at the exact meaning of the sentence.	我抓不到句子的确切含义
Hope is not a strategy.	希望不是一种策略
I heard him go down the stairs.	我听见了他下楼
I work every day except Sunday.	除了星期天我每一天都工作
The train arrived on time.	火车准时到了
You're blushing.	你脸红了
I've never been this happy before.	我从未这么高兴
Please close the door.	请关上门
You don't have to work on Sundays.	星期天的时候
He threw a rock into the pond.	他扔一块石头到池塘里
She was in time for the bus.	她赶上了巴士
He complained about the noise.	他抱怨这个噪音
"Tom isn't here." "Then where is he?"	“	汤姆不在那儿
Since I was sick, I didn't go to school.	由于我生病了
I can drive a car.	我会开车
I like instrumental music.	我喜欢器乐
I didn't really feel like going out.	我不是很想出去
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.	我穿著睡衣吃早饭
Moderate exercise will refresh both mind and body.	适度的运动让身心焕然一新
The meeting has almost ended.	会议接近了尾声
Tom is Mary's former husband.	汤姆是玛丽的前夫
I always have coffee and toast for breakfast.	我的早餐总是咖啡和土司
The truck is gone.	货车走了
I saw a strange woman there.	我看见一位陌生女人在那儿
I'd like to rent a car.	我想租一辆车
I'm 30 years old.	我三十岁
Wipe your eyes.	擦擦你的眼睛
Europe has a smaller population than Asia.	欧洲的人口比亚洲少
The students could not give an answer.	学生们无法给出一个答案
Do you like Mozart's music?	你喜欢莫扎特的音乐吗
We are against working on Sundays.	我们反对星期日工作
Don't you agree?	您不同意吗
Tom's dog bit him playfully.	汤姆的狗咬他玩
Leave the room immediately.	马上离开房间
It's time to get some work done.	到了做点事的时候了
What's your name?	你叫什么名字
I've never lived on a farm, but both of my parents grew up on farms.	我从没有在农场住
Give me the book.	把书给我
People show up bright on an infrared camera because of their body heat.	人会因为体温而在红外线摄影机上显现
Have you bought a raffle ticket yet?	你买彩票了吗
I love the taste of watermelon.	我喜欢西瓜的味道
Tom respects his parents.	Tom	尊敬他的父母
Who told you about this?	这件事是谁告诉你的
I don't want to sleep.	我不想睡觉
Don't intrude on her privacy.	不要侵犯她的隐私
You and I have the same idea.	你和我有相同的想法
He was the first to come.	他是第一个来的
The hunter shot and killed the fox.	猎人射死了狐狸
The store happened to be crowded yesterday.	昨天这家商店正好人满为患
I like walking at night.	我喜欢在夜晚走路
The old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century.	山上的老教堂的历史可以追溯到
Do I have to do it right away?	我必须立刻做吗
Do Tom and Mary work together?	汤姆和玛丽一起工作吗
I met him on the street.	我在街上遇到他
I'd like a room facing the garden.	我想要一间面对花园的房间
If you heat ice, it melts.	如果你加热冰它就会融化
There are many people in the park.	公园里有很多人
What are you watching?	你在看什么
Don't let opportunities pass by.	不要让机会溜走
How will the weather be tomorrow?	明天天气怎么样
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.	苹果掉落的地方不会离树干很远
Do you feel tired?	你觉得累吗
I need to try.	我需要尝试
You can't allow Tom to do that anymore.	你不能再允许汤姆那么做了
For me, this is not a problem.	对我来说这就不是个问题
I wish I had bought a ticket for the concert.	我当初要是买音乐会的票就好了
We'll be in Boston for another three weeks.	我们还会在波士顿待三个月
Spring is over, and summer has begun.	春天过去了
When I first met Tom, I didn't like him much.	我第一次见到汤姆时
There is no fire without smoke.	没有不冒烟的火
It's started raining again.	又开始下雨了
There's something I want you to see.	我有东西想给你看看
Red is out of fashion.	红色不流行了
I wouldn't ask this of you if it weren't important.	如果不是它很重要
I asked him to go there tomorrow.	我要求他明天去那里
I'll lend you my textbook.	我会借给你我的课本
I usually have breakfast at seven.	我通常七点吃早餐
My body aches all over.	我全身酸痛
My passport was stolen.	我护照给偷了
Mary, I love you.	玛丽
I wonder what this phrase means.	我想知道这句话的意思
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.	书是为了那些希望自己在另一个地方的人
I'm afraid you'll have to go in person.	我恐怕您必须亲自去
This is just wrong.	这就是错的
He can also speak Russian.	他也会说俄语
I can only give you ten minutes.	我只能给你十分钟
Have you eaten your dinner already?	你吃过晚饭了吗
Wouldn't you like to eat?	你不想吃饭吗
Behave yourselves.	规矩点
How much is this pen?	这支笔多少钱
I am learning two foreign languages.	我学两种外语
This meal is adequate for three.	这饭足够三个人吃
We live together.	我们住在一起
Wait a moment.	等一下
What's going on with you?	你怎么了
Give me your location.	给我你的位置
You can sit wherever you want.	你可以坐你想坐的任何地方
Tom is in the living room.	汤姆在起居室里
He is numbered among the greatest scientists in the world.	他是世界上最伟大的科学家之一
He does well in physics.	他的物理学得很好
There is little chance of his winning.	他赢的机会极小
Have you ever written a blog?	你写过博客吗
Tom didn't know what Mary was talking about.	汤姆不知道玛丽在说甚么
Would three o'clock be all right?	三点钟可以吗
Do you have a coat and a hat?	你有外套和帽子吗
If you can't make it, call us as soon as possible.	如果你做不到
Put down your weapons.	放下你们的武器
Nobody watches her.	谁也没在看她
Take the elevator to the fifth floor.	搭乘电梯到五楼
Be on time.	要守时
How often do you have to see the dentist?	你多久看一次牙医
You're too young to retire.	你太年轻
Our teacher made us clean the room.	我们老师要我们打扫这间房间
You're an idiot.	你个呆瓜
How many friends do you have?	你有多少朋友
The cat arched its back and stretched itself.	猫弓起背
This fish isn't edible.	这条鱼不能吃了
I didn't know what to do.	我不知道要做什么
I'll call Tom back.	我会叫汤姆回来
I think it'll be hot tomorrow.	我觉得明天会很热
He doesn't like coffee.	他不喜欢喝咖啡
Tom is a bit snobbish.	汤姆有一点势利
I've decided to tell Tom about what happened.	我决定告诉汤姆发生了什么事情
Can I see that?	我能看看那个吗
Put your hands up!	把手举起来
Soccer is more popular than tennis.	足球比网球更受欢迎
I cannot speak Mandarin well.	我的中文说得不好
She is far better today than yesterday.	她今天比昨天要好很多
What time did you get up today?	你今天几点起的床
I don't have anyone who'd travel with me.	我没有一个愿意跟我一起旅行的人
To my knowledge, she hasn't married yet.	据我所知
I can't wait to go on a vacation.	我等不及要去度假
She ought to have arrived by now.	她现在应该已经到了
The sun sets in the west.	太阳在西边落下
He likes to watch TV.	他喜欢看电视
It's valid until March thirty-first, nineteen-ninety-seven.	有效期到
Since he didn't know what to say, he remained silent.	自从他不知道该说什么的时候
Tom cannot drive.	汤姆不能开车
The train is 10 minutes late today.	火车今天晚了十分钟
How much will it all cost?	一共要多少钱
At what hour was she born?	她几点出生的
Ask your dad to help you.	请你父亲帮你
There is a military base near here.	这附近有一个军事基地
What do you want to be?	你想成为什么
The program starts at nine o'clock.	这个节目九点开始
His brave deed earned him respect.	他的英勇行为使他赢得了尊重
No comment.	禁止评论
Do you need to buy anything?	你有什么需要买的吗
Is Tom going to dump Mary?	汤姆要甩了玛丽吗
I remember now.	现在我想起来了
The streets in Tokyo are full on Saturdays.	周六
The ship was flying the American flag.	这艘船挂著美国国旗
I'm sure that she's correct.	我很肯定她是正确的
My father is going to kill me.	我爸会杀了我的
You ought not to make fun of them.	你别嘲弄他们
He lay on his back.	他仰躺
He is one of my neighbors.	他是我的一个邻居
I'll be seeing Mary this afternoon.	我今天下午会看到玛丽
They built a bridge across the river.	他们建了一座横跨河流的桥
More than 40 percent of the students go to university.	40%	以上的学生去读大学
She seems to be in love with my brother.	她似乎喜欢上了我哥哥
You are stupid.	你很愚蠢
I don't do it anymore.	我已经不再做这个了
I like to listen to music, especially jazz.	我喜欢听音乐
What are you reading right now?	你在看什么
I have to go to the bank.	我必须到银行去
Everyone knew Tom was good at French.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
They were rescued by helicopter.	他们被直升机解救
The town was destroyed by the flood after the storm.	小镇被暴风雨后的洪水摧毁了
I admit that I was careless.	我承认我大意了
Tom is out of the country.	汤姆在国外
Is it OK if I use your phone?	我能用你的电话吗
His comments about the book were favorable.	他给这本书正面的评价
He is poor.	他很穷
I spent twelve hours on the train.	我在火车上待了
Don't touch these.	不要碰这些
Tom has already fed the dog.	汤姆已经喂过狗了
You need to register by Monday.	你需要在星期一前注册
I met a friend.	我遇见一个朋友
Why don't you rest a bit?	为什么你不休息一下
Why is the sky blue?	为什么天是蓝的
I'll pick you up at your home at five.	我五点到你家来接你
Tom followed Mary into the room.	汤姆跟着玛丽进入了房间
He has been to many places.	他去过很多地方
Fish is cheap today.	今天鱼很便宜
He was completely engrossed in the book.	他完全沉浸在书里
They demanded the king be put to death at once.	他们要求马上把国王处死
School starts next Monday.	下周一开学
Mary doesn't usually wear jewelry.	玛丽通常不戴首饰
Tom is standing in the corner of the room.	汤姆正站在房间的角落
That young lady is a nurse.	这个年轻女孩是护士
I'm accustomed to the climate.	我对这气候习惯了
It's on the house.	这是免费的
Tom never should've tried doing that by himself.	汤姆从来不应该尝试自己一个人做那些
What time did your friend go home?	你朋友几点钟回家
There's no sugar.	没有糖
I'm sure you'll do great.	我相信你会做的很棒的
He was standing at the street corner.	他站在街角
Forget it.	算了
It looks like your dog is thirsty.	你的狗看起来口渴了
Tom was my first boyfriend.	汤姆是我第一个男朋友
The soup is too hot.	汤太烫了
Is Monday OK?	周一可以吗
Tom is the one that told us about the problem.	汤姆是告诉我们这个问题的人
"There's an apostrophe missing. It's and its are different." "I know. It was a typing error."	“	你漏写了一个撇号
Leave this to me.	把这个留给我吧
I learned to live without her.	我学会了不靠她生活
Why is snow white?	为什么雪是白色的呢
You should set a good example to your children.	你应该给你的孩子们树立好的榜样
What are you eating?	在吃什么呢
It came to nothing.	这没有结果
I thought she was going to kill me.	我认为她要杀我
I think I'm going crazy.	我认为我快疯了
Are you busy on Sunday afternoon?	你周日下午忙吗
India ink produces an interesting pattern when used as a dye.	墨汁用作染料时会产生有趣的图案
May I have a napkin, please?	请给我一张餐巾纸好吗
My hobby is collecting old coins.	我的嗜好是收集古钱币
Let's have a short break.	让我们休息一会儿
I bought this watch at the store.	我在这家店买了这支手表
There's something strange going on.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
She appears to have a headache.	她看起来头痛的样子
He plays golf every weekend.	他每个周末打高尔夫球
Read Lesson 10 from the beginning.	从第十课的开头读起
Are these your things?	这些是你的东西吗
I was absent from the party.	我没去派对
Are you going to come back?	你要回来吗
Don't throw away this magazine. I haven't read it yet.	这本杂志不要扔
CDs have taken the place of records.	CD	已经取代了胶木唱片
I have to iron my shirt.	我必须熨我的衬衫
I'm going to attend the meeting.	我将出席这个会议
My grandmother is very old.	我祖母很老了
Tom runs fast.	汤姆跑得快
My daughter caught a cold.	我的女儿感冒了
I got a shave and a haircut.	我刮了胡子并理了发
All you need to do is trust each other.	除了相信对方以外
He's sleeping like a baby.	他正睡着
I can do it by myself.	我可以独自做
The building is one hundred meters high.	该建筑高一百公尺
Tom came back.	汤姆回来了
You sound like a politician.	你说话像个当官的
Speak a little louder.	说大声点
Where can I find toothpaste?	在哪儿我能找到牙膏
His son wants to be a lawyer.	他儿子想当律师
He told me when to say yes.	他告诉我什么时候该说是
I'm worried about my weight.	我担心我的体重
He likes music a lot.	他非常喜欢音乐
We're eating apples.	我们正在吃苹果
I don't think that we should wait.	我认为我们不应该再等
Are you looking for something?	你在找什么吗
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give him money.	就算我富有
Could you drive Tom home?	你能载汤姆回家吗
You think I'm mad, don't you?	你认为我疯了
This river is dangerous for children to swim in.	孩子在这条河里游泳太危险了
I can't play tennis that well.	我不那么会打网球
She burned her left hand.	她的左手被烫到了
We could do something big.	我们能做点大事
He acted like a madman.	他表现的像个疯子
You made an error.	你犯了个错误
It is difficult to understand this novel.	这部小说很难读懂
I do my homework after school.	我在放学后做作业
Several thousand people became victims of this disease.	数千人受此疾病所害
I heard the telephone ringing.	我听到电话响了
Don't leave the TV on.	不要让电视机开着
Are your hands clean?	你的手干净吗
It was a cold night.	夜晚很冷
Take the oranges out of the fridge.	把橙子从冰箱里拿出来
Tom certainly is an interesting person.	汤姆这人确实很有意思
What are they doing here?	他们在这里做甚么
What's your advice?	你有什么建议呢
Please show me your bag.	请让我看看你的袋子
Who's working tonight?	今晚谁上班
He froze with fear when he saw the snake.	他看见蛇就吓得不动了
You are absolutely right.	你完全正确
This won't help you.	这帮不了你
Can anyone drive?	有人会开车吗
Tom loves singing.	汤姆爱唱歌
Am I supposed to help Tom?	我该帮汤姆吗
These are very old books.	这些是很旧的书
I know that you don't want to be lonely.	我知道你不想一个人呆著
Tom put some salt on his eggs.	汤姆在蛋上撒盐
I'm so lonely.	我好孤单
It's a good idea.	这是个好主意
I came here to thank you.	我来感谢你
Tom comes home almost every weekend.	汤姆几乎每个周末都回家
She is good at speaking English.	她擅长说英文
He's very straightforward.	他说话很直接
We have a test tomorrow.	我们明天有个测验
You can reach the park by either road.	哪条路都可以去公园哦
Can I have a look at that?	我能看看那个吗
I borrow money.	我借钱
Think about this.	你想想
Here goes nothing.	毫无希望
He grew up in a little village.	他在一个小村庄里长大
I have a slight fever today.	我今天有点发烧
She is able to speak ten languages.	她会十门语言
I won't need any help.	我不需要任何帮助
Tom lost his credibility.	汤姆失去了信誉
What do you want to be when you grow up?	你长大后想成为什么
Let's keep in touch.	让我们保持联系
Wine helps with digestion.	葡萄酒帮助消化
Do you think he did the job on his own?	你认为他是自己独立完成这份工的吗
I wrote the wrong address on the envelope.	我在信封上写错了地址
Did Tom give any other suggestions?	汤姆提出其他建议了吗
He was late for the 7:30 bus.	他错过了
She looked me in the eye.	她看着我的眼睛
If there was no sun, all the animals would be dead.	如果没有太阳
Turn left at the first light.	在第一个红绿灯左转
Do you understand French?	你会法语
This is the best restaurant in the city.	这是镇上最好的餐厅
I hope to see Tom soon.	我希望能早点看到汤姆
He goes to the office by car.	他开车去办公室
No words can relieve her deep sorrow.	没有话语能减轻她的深痛悲伤
Is your headache gone?	你的头痛治好了
Lemons are sour.	柠檬是酸的
He can speak 10 languages.	他会讲十门语言
Tom took Mary to the hospital on the back of his motorcycle.	汤姆把玛丽放到他的摩托车背上送到医院
She's a complete stranger to me.	她对我来说是一个完全陌生的人
Where is the pain?	哪里痛
Before he went fishing, he dug up some worms for bait.	出去钓鱼前
I know that you know that I know.	我知道你知道我知道
This directly concerns you.	这与你有直接关系
Rabbits have long ears and short tails.	兔子有长耳朵和短尾巴
Would you like something to eat?	您想吃点什么吗
Don't worry about it. It's not your problem.	不要在意
He worked in a big city hospital.	他在一间很大的市立医院工作
Do you need this book?	你需要这本书吗
Turn it off.	把它关掉
We want Tom.	我们想要汤姆
I'm bad at sports.	我不擅长运动
This probably means war.	这很可能意味着战争
Would you please give me some more tea?	你能再给我点茶吗
Tom made up his mind to become a newspaperman.	汤姆决定从事报业
I've already lived most of my life.	我已经活了大半辈子了
You have to do it by yourself.	你必须独立完成
They sued the government for damages.	他们状告政府赔偿损失
Time flies.	时间匆匆走过
We have to continue to do our jobs.	我们要继续我们的工作
Please speak in a louder voice.	请说话大声一点
No one encouraged her.	没有人鼓励她
Is that car yours?	那是你的车吗
I was alone in the classroom.	我独自待在教室里
He did not speak unless spoken to.	除非有人跟他说话
Today, the weather is very nice.	今天天气很好
The man and his wife helped each other.	这男人和他妻子互相帮助
The board is about two meters long.	这块木板大约两公尺长
I need to know what you think.	我需要知道你怎么想
It is difficult to give up smoking.	戒烟难
We were just about to leave when it rained.	我们正要离开的时候下雨了
How much is the admission?	门票多少钱
The prince succeeded to the throne.	王子继承了王位
I think that Tom has a crush on Mary.	我觉得汤姆爱上玛丽了
They dropped out of school.	他们辍学了
How much did you bid?	你出价多少
I don't know how to use it.	我不知道如何使用它
What did you name your son?	你给你儿子起什么名字
Keep your money. I don't want it.	留着你的钱吧
Why do you want to be a nurse?	你为什么想成为护士呢
Which book is better?	哪一本书比较好
Are you sure that Tom is happy?	你确定汤姆高兴吗
Do you subscribe to any magazines?	你有订阅任何杂志吗
She'll be getting married next year.	她明年将要结婚
The boy jumped into the water.	这个男孩跳入了水中
We probably don't have enough time to finish doing that today.	我们应该不够时间在今天之内完成它
How much is this watch?	这只表多少钱
It won't take much time.	不会花很多时间的
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom is overweight.	觉得汤姆肥的人不止我一个
She is going to Sendai this spring.	她今年春天要去仙台
She glanced shyly at the young man.	她羞怯地看了一眼那个年轻人
It isn't easy to write a love letter in English.	用英文写情书不容易
What's in the closet?	橱柜里有什么
He often laughs at his own jokes.	他常常因他自己的笑话而笑
His memory amazes me.	他的记忆力使我惊讶
I don't want to do anything risky.	我不想做任何冒险的事
You are old enough to know better than to act like that.	你够大了知道不要那样做
Could you pass the mashed potatoes to me?	你能给我土豆泥吗
How much is this hat?	这顶帽子多少钱
Not a single person arrived late.	没有一个人迟到
Tom clenched his fists.	汤姆握紧了他的拳头
Tom certainly is greedy.	汤姆确实是贪心的
This smells great! What are you cooking?	闻起来好香喔
What are you laughing at?	在笑什么呢
People can't live forever.	人无法长生不死
He usually went to bed at eleven.	他通常在十一点上床睡觉
I put the book down and turned on the light.	我把书放下来然后开灯
Tom quit smoking cold turkey.	汤姆突然戒烟了
She dived into the swimming pool.	她跳入了游泳池
I need many books.	我需要很多书
The doctor came immediately.	医生立刻就到了
We like playing soccer.	我们喜欢踢足球
By the way, what's your address?	对了
Are you speaking to me?	你在跟我说话吗
I hope that your brother is better.	我希望你弟弟好点了
Remember that I outrank you.	记住我的级别在你的之上
We had a lot of furniture.	我们有很多家具
His bicycle is blue.	他的自行车是蓝色的
The train leaves in ten minutes.	火车十分钟后离开
He is old enough to drive.	他年纪够大可以开车
Wash your hands before meals.	饭前要洗手
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek.	汤姆亲了玛丽脸颊
Did Tom respond?	汤姆有回应了吗
You ought to have been more careful.	你应该更小心的
His room is always tidy.	他的房间总是很整齐
I'm not a junior high school student.	我不是个初中生
I didn't tell anyone what time I'd be arriving.	我没跟别人说过我什么时候会到
This bomb can kill a lot of people.	这个炸弹可以炸死很多人
How long is this?	这有多长
He isn't afraid of death.	他不怕死
Where's the door?	门在哪里
The washing machine is a wonderful invention.	洗衣机是一个很棒的发明
Where did you get those old coins?	你从哪里得到这些古钱的
What's the idea behind that?	那背后是什么意思
I asked for a table over there.	我在那里要了一张桌子
I don't know why you don't like Tom.	我不知道你不喜欢汤姆的理由
She is wearing the same dress that she had on yesterday.	她穿著跟昨天相同的衣服
That is intriguing.	那真有趣
Is there central heating in this building?	这栋楼里面有中央暖气系统吗
Tom said he needed more money.	汤姆说他需要更多钱
I don't see why not.	我看不出为什么不
Give me your telephone number.	给我你的电话号码
I'd rather you stayed at home.	我宁愿你待在家里
We still have a chance.	我们还有次机会
I think maybe Tom was right.	我认为汤姆可能是对的
How's everyone?	大家好吗
They knocked down a part of the wall.	他们拆掉了一部分墙
This mountain is covered with snow all year round.	这座山全年覆盖着雪
I usually eat out.	我通常在外面吃饭
"Is he going to swim tomorrow?" "Yes, he is."	"	他明天会去游泳吗
Tom has just returned from the post office.	汤姆刚从邮局回来
I cannot put up with his arrogance.	我受不了他的傲慢
She speaks English better than any of her classmates.	她的英语说得比班上任何人都好
Can't you discount it a little?	你不能打一点折吗
I can hear you.	我听得到
I bought a pen, but I lost it.	我买了一支钢笔
Tom didn't want to talk to anyone.	汤姆不想跟任何人说话
Columbus argued that he could reach India by going west.	哥伦布提出
My heart's beating so fast!	我的心跳得那么快
Mathematics is an easy subject for me.	数学对我来说是一个容易的科目
I don't like going to school.	我不喜欢上学
Does she have a piano?	她有钢琴吗
I've got a bike.	我有一辆自行车
He has a good reading knowledge of French.	他能很好地读懂法语
Tom wants to know why.	汤姆想知道为什么
I have mixed feelings about this.	我对这件事百感交集
You were the one who told me it was safe here.	你是告诉我这里很安全的人
He will call for me about six.	他六点左右要给我打电话
You seem to be prejudiced against ideas that come from foreign countries.	你似乎对来自国外的想法有偏见
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.	所有的马都是动物
I like your advice.	我喜欢你的建议
She employed a private detective to keep a watch on her husband.	她雇了一个私人侦探看守她的丈夫
We go out together every weekend.	我们每个周末都一起出去
Tom's parents weren't particularly pleased.	汤姆的父母不是特别高兴
Which judge heard the case?	哪一位法官审理此案
Tom can't tell Mary his real feelings.	汤姆不能把他的真实感受告诉玛丽
Tom is a very good man.	汤姆是个很好的人
I thought he would come.	我以为他会来的
We're waiting for Tom.	我们在等汤姆
The students are in the classroom.	学生们在教室里
It took me three hours to do my homework.	我花了
Tom laid the newspaper on the table.	汤姆把报纸放在桌上
You can't understand this sentence, can you?	你不懂这句句子
I've got wine.	我有酒
I can't bear to see animals suffer.	我无法忍受看着动物受苦
I played with the baby on my knee.	我在膝盖上跟婴儿玩
Are you making fun of me?	你在嘲笑我吗
He said hello to the woman.	他向那位女士问好
This is the stupidest thing I've ever seen in my entire life.	这是我人生中见过最白痴的事
Were you out last night?	昨晚你出去了吗
Tom has lived in Boston for over a year.	汤姆住在波士顿已经一年多了
You have many books.	你有许多书
It is easy for a monkey to climb a tree.	对猴子来说
The neighborhood was silent.	社区是安静的
Please let me know what you want.	请让我知道你要什么
What a bizarre tale!	多么荒唐的故事
Take the first street to the right.	第一条街右转
The bus leaves in five minutes.	公车将在五分钟后开动
I have a pair of shoes.	我有一双鞋
We don't like rain.	我们不喜欢下雨
There is a bag on the desk.	书桌上有一个包
I can't even remember what Tom looks like.	我甚至不能记起来汤姆长什么样
He behaves as if he were insane.	他表现得像疯了一样
She gave me several books.	她给了我几本书
She was obliged to give up the plan.	她不得不放弃这个计划
I received an invitation.	我收到了一张请帖
That's what Tom wanted.	那就是汤姆想要的
We have three children.	我们有三个孩子
How long does it take to walk to your house from here?	从这里步行到你家要多长时间
Why did he do such a thing?	为什么他会做这样的事呢
He can't sing well.	他歌儿唱得不咋地
The children were playing in the dirt.	孩子们在尘土里游戏
I can't see you.	我看不见你
It is still fresh in my memory.	我仍然记忆犹新
Tom swam.	汤姆游泳了
They talked together like old friends.	他们像老朋友一样交谈
I'm free tonight.	我今晚有空
He seems to have told a lie.	他似乎已经说了谎
I didn't go, but stayed at home.	我没去
He fell to the floor.	他摔倒在地
I don't have that kind of time.	我可没有那闲空
The bill amounted to 100 dollars.	帐单金额高达
They obtained a yield of 8 percent on their investment.	他们在这次的投资中得到百分之八的收益
He wouldn't listen to my advice.	他不听我的劝告
Tell them we're coming.	告诉他们我们要来了
I'm going to take a bath.	我打算洗个澡
He listened with his ear to the door.	他把耳朵贴在门上听
Have you found what you were looking for?	你找到你要找的东西了吗
The carrots cost three dollars.	胡萝卜要三美元
This is exactly what I need.	这正是我需要的东西
Everyone knew that Tom could speak French well.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
Just put those packages anywhere.	只要把那些包包放在任何地方都行
Money does not grow on trees.	钱不会从树上长出来
Why did they turn down your proposal?	他们为什么否决了你的建议呢
Today is my treat.	今天是我请客
This toy is made of wood.	这玩具是用木头做的
When do you close?	你们公司几点下班
Tom doesn't need to worry about that.	汤姆不需要担心
I have problems, just like everybody else.	我有问题
Let them learn from us.	让他们向我们学习
How much does this hat cost?	这顶帽子多少钱
Please conduct yourself with dignity.	请自重
I don't like artificial flowers.	我不喜欢假花
The train arrived on schedule.	火车准时到了
That's for suckers.	它是给容易上当受骗的人的
I live here.	我住在这
I'm amazed at your fluency in English.	你流利的英语让我很吃惊
The family eats breakfast on the balcony.	一家人在阳台上吃早饭
What season do you like the best?	您最喜欢哪个季节
He continued reading the book.	他继续看书
I caught the flu.	我感冒了
Please wait a moment.	请稍等一会
This will never happen again.	这永远不会再发生了
I had a good night's sleep.	我睡了一整夜的好觉
Vote for Tom.	投票给汤姆
She promised not to go out alone.	她答应不单独外出
Tom hugged Mary.	汤姆拥抱了玛丽
Tom is ill.	汤姆病了
I'm willing to help him.	我愿意帮他
I play the tenor saxophone.	我吹次中音萨克斯风
He broke the law.	他触犯了法律
There was a full moon last night.	昨晚是满月
The incident made everyone feel more embarrassed.	这件事弄得大家都比较尴尬
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?	你可以告诉我如何到火车站吗
What is aspirin made of?	阿司匹林是用什么做的
They wanted a wedding picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.	他们想在艾菲尔铁塔前面拍张结婚照
Don't follow me.	别跟着来啊
What you're saying makes no sense.	你说的话没有道理
They consider it impolite to disagree with someone they don't know very well.	他们认为
We've got lots of time.	我们有很多时间
Tom is a good friend of yours, isn't he?	汤姆是你的好朋友
She took the entrance exam yesterday.	她昨天参加了入学考试
Tom's eyes are blue.	汤姆的眼睛是蓝色的
You'd better check this out.	你最好检查一下这个
How's the weather there?	那儿是什么天气
Wait here till he comes back.	在这儿等到他回来为止
You can rely on him.	你可以依靠他
Why didn't you do that?	你为什么没做
You'll understand later.	你晚一会就能明白
I'm in love with her.	我爱上她了
This school was founded in 1970.	这所学校是
He looks just like his mother.	他看起来就像他的母亲
I felt my heart beating rapidly.	我感觉我的心跳得很快
Love is blind.	恋爱使人盲目
It's not possible to stop here.	在这停留
Close your eyes.	闭上你的眼睛
I am a student.	我是学生
That's life.	这就是生活
My uncle lived abroad for many years.	我叔叔住在国外很多年了
How did you get there?	你怎么到那的
Tom sat down.	汤姆坐下了
Tom walked out.	汤姆走了出去
You should do that right away.	您应该马上做
The train was so crowded that I had to keep standing all the way.	这班火车如此的拥挤以至于我整个车程都必须站著
Tom needs to be told what to do.	汤姆需要被告知怎么做
I did that, even though I didn't really need to.	尽管我并不是真的需要这样做
He was accused of murder.	他被控告杀人罪
Mary is the youngest of the three sisters.	玛丽是三姐妹中的老幺
Tom told me that he'd lost his textbook.	汤姆告诉我他丢了课本
How about playing tennis?	打网球怎么样
He hasn't come yet. He must have missed the bus.	他还没来
The plan was executed.	计划被执行了
She studies English every day.	她每天学习英语
Let's go there.	咱去那吧
The children went out to play.	孩子们出去玩了
Do you think I can help?	你认为我能帮忙吗
We have to pick a name for the child.	我们要给孩子起个名字
He is also very famous in Japan.	他在日本也很有名
This magazine comes out every month.	该杂志每月出版
I'll sauté a few sweet potatoes and sprinkle them with sugar.	我去炸一点红薯
Every cloud has a silver lining.	山穷水尽疑无路
I know where I'm going next.	我知道我接下来去哪里
I remember returning the book to the library.	我记得我把书还到图书馆了
What'll the results be?	结果会是甚么样的
Let's divide this money between you and me.	这钱你和我分了吧
She decided to quit her job.	她决定辞去工作
We've just finished breakfast.	我们刚刚吃完了早饭
Will you use this?	你要用这东西吗
His son's criminal activities caused him great pain.	他儿子的犯罪行为给他带来了很大的痛苦
Tom knows what we're doing.	汤姆知道我们在做什么
Why are you alone?	为什么您一个人
Don't underestimate us.	别瞧不起人
They've decided to get married next month.	他们已经决定下个月结婚
He often walks to school.	他常常走路去学校
I will be free in ten minutes.	我十分钟后有空
The skies are clear.	天空很清朗
You can't build buildings on swampy land.	你不能在沼泽地上建造建筑物
You should have done it earlier. It cannot be helped now.	你本应该早点做的
Which book is yours?	哪本书是你的
This river is three times longer than that one.	这条河比那条长三倍
There's no need to hail a taxi.	没必要叫出租车
We enjoyed swimming in the lake.	我们尽情在湖里游泳
She writes beautifully.	她的笔迹漂亮极了
She boiled the eggs.	她煮了蛋
I'm the one who's sick.	我就是那个生病的人
I hate my computer.	我恨我的电脑
I studied French when I was in high school.	我上高中的时候学过法语
The red dress looked good on her.	她穿这套红色的洋装很好看
This work must be finished by Monday.	这项工作必须在周一
Tom's Canadian.	汤姆是加拿大人
I don't understand at all.	我完全不懂
You smoke far too much. You should cut back.	你吸太多烟了
Are you going to be there?	你会在那里吗
It's too long.	它太长了
Keep this lesson in mind.	记好了这教训
When will you be free?	你什么时候有空
I haven't finished my homework yet.	我还没有完成我的作业
Get down from there.	从那儿下来
Tom, answer me!	汤姆
Who wrote these poems?	这是谁写的诗
How many pictures did you buy?	你买了多少张图画
Graham Greene is my favorite author.	格雷厄姆格林是我最喜欢的作家
News of the recent blast is all over the radio.	收音机广播充斥著有关最近爆炸的新闻
There's going to be a math test tomorrow.	明天有一个数学测验
I'm going to miss you, too.	我也会想你的
If someone irritates you, it is best not to react immediately.	如果有人激怒你
Few people think so.	很少人这么认为
Come on! Give me a chance.	来嘛
I think this medicine will do you good.	我想这药会对您有好处的
This is a Chinese fan.	这是一把中式扇子
I saw nothing.	我什么都没看见
We were talking about something at that time, but I don't remember what.	我们那时在谈论事情
Tom has blue eyes.	汤姆的眼睛是蓝色的
I can only speak for myself.	我只能代表我自己讲话
Tom should hear about this.	汤姆应该听听这个
Tom is already here, but Mary hasn't gotten here yet.	汤姆已经在这里了
You could count to ten when you were two.	在你两岁时
I have to paint it.	我必须把它漆上油漆
I look forward to hearing from you.	我期待收到你的来信
You're still young.	你还年轻
What time do we leave tomorrow?	我们明天几点出发
Let's take a look.	让我们看看吧
I asked him to drive me home.	我请他开车送我回家
The teacher made me repeat the sentence.	老师让我重复了这句话
The light is on.	灯亮着
I don't meet him so often.	我不常见到他
He is out now.	他现在出去了
We need an ambulance.	我们需要一辆救护车
He's been to the stadium.	他去过体育馆
I played tennis in high school.	我高中时曾打网球
He likes Disney.	他喜欢迪士尼
It grew larger and larger.	它变得越来越大
I don't want to discuss it.	我不想谈论这件事
My front teeth stick out.	我门牙突出
Do you know if she can speak English?	你知道她会说英语吗
My brother is a college student.	我哥哥是个大学生
Constant dripping wears away a stone.	滴水穿石
What did you answer?	您怎么回答的
Please give me a call.	请给我打电话
Is it cheaper to call after 9:00?	九点以后打电话比较便宜吗
We postponed the meeting.	我们推迟了会议
She furnished the room with beautiful furniture.	她用漂亮的家具布置了房间
Tom was a little drunk.	汤姆有点醉
No arrests were ever made.	根本就没实施过逮捕行动
Yesterday I played tennis for the first time.	昨天我第一次打了网球
All three of us are students.	我们三个都是学生
Tom declined to give details.	汤姆拒绝提供详细信息
My hobby is collecting old bottles.	我的嗜好是收集旧瓶子
The princess begged forgiveness from the emperor.	公主向皇帝请求饶恕
This is my favorite project.	这是我最喜欢的项目
We had a good time playing cards.	我们打牌玩得很开心
Have there been any changes?	有过任何改变吗
We can seat you soon.	我们很快就可以安排您入座
The French were defeated at Waterloo.	法国人在滑铁卢之役吃了败仗
Tom watched in horror.	汤姆惊恐地盯着
The bell rings at noon.	正午时分钟声响起
Tom put his money in the safe.	汤姆把他的钱放在保险柜里
This river is dangerous to swim in.	在这条河里游泳很危险
Pride comes before a fall.	骄兵必败
Did you go to school yesterday?	你昨天去上学了吗
You're Tom's friend, aren't you?	你是汤姆的朋友
I could swear there's something inside this box.	我能发誓这箱子里有东西
I wanted to show it to you.	我想把它给你看
Do you really mean that?	你是认真的吗
I don't want to talk to you.	我不想跟你说
They are sure to fall in love.	他们肯定会相恋的
Tell me about some of the places you've visited.	给我说说你去过的一些地方
Which fruit do you like the best?	你最喜爱的水果是什么
Would you like another beer?	再来一杯啤酒怎么样
I continued singing.	我继续唱歌
"How old are you?" "I'm sixteen."	「	你几岁
It is easy to answer the question.	这个问题很容易回答
French bread is delicious.	法国的面包很好吃
On this small island are two large towns and many small settlements.	这个小岛上有两座大城市及许多小村镇
I wish I could live near your house.	我希望住在你家附近
Are you free right now?	你现在有空吗
When are the elections?	什么时候选举
I didn't get everything I wanted.	我没有得到我所有想要的
She makes me happy.	她让我幸福
This suit seems really expensive.	这西装好像真的很贵
It's almost six.	快要六点了
I want to study French.	我要学法语
I haven't quite finished eating.	我还没有完全吃完
He is good at dealing with children.	他擅长应付小孩子
Although he was exhausted, he had to keep working.	尽管他累极了
She broke the window on purpose.	她故意把窗户弄坏了
He lied to me. That is why I am angry with him.	他对我说了谎
I wish you'd go.	我希望你去
When did you change your address?	你什么时候更改了你的地址
I don't think I'll be able to get there on time.	我估计我无法及时赶到
He is responsible for the accident.	他为这个事故负责
These pants fit me well.	这些裤子我穿起来很合身
My cats will love this.	我的猫会爱上这个
Do you like pirate movies?	你喜欢盗版电影吗
Tom should've discussed that with you.	汤姆应该跟你讨论过那事了
Don't give up on your dreams.	别放弃梦想
Why blame Tom?	为什么责备汤姆
I'm so happy.	我太高兴了
Some people do not like to deposit their money in banks.	有些人不喜欢把钱存银行
Who told you to write with your left hand?	谁跟你说用左手写字的
What's your phone number?	你电话号码是多少
He always keeps his word.	他总是遵守诺言
In the end, we ended up eating at that shabby restaurant.	结果
The ambassador was recalled from Warsaw.	大使被从华沙召回
This book isn't as large that one.	这本书没那本大
She came into the room.	她进了房间
He abandoned all hope.	他放弃了所有希望
Mary said that she loved me, but I didn't believe her.	玛丽说她爱我
I'll call you back.	我会给你回电话的
He returned at six.	他六点回来了
Are oysters in season now?	现在牡蛎当季吗
Academic fraud is more common than you might think.	学术造假比你想象的普遍
Do you believe there are ghosts?	你相信有幽灵吗
It's too large.	它太大了
Please forgive me for being late.	请原谅我迟到
The bakery is closed.	面包房打烊了
She made me wait for half an hour.	她让我等了半小时
There's a book about dancing on the desk.	桌子上有一本关于舞蹈的书
He's an excellent brain surgeon.	他是一个优秀的脑外科医生
You are free to go.	您可以走了
Tom never did what we asked him to do.	我们叫汤姆做什么
I didn't know Tom was your cousin.	我不知道汤姆是你的堂兄
He wants to work in a hospital.	他想在医院工作
I lost my fountain pen.	我把我的钢笔弄丢了
He blew out the candle.	他吹灭了蜡烛
Tom was at school all day.	汤姆一整天都在学校
That wasn't my intention.	那不是我故意的
You chose this job yourself, right?	你自己选择了这份工作
Where do we go?	我们去哪儿
This whisky is very strong.	这种威士忌太烈了
I'm glad to see you back.	很高兴看到你回来了
He is as tall as her.	他和她一样高
I wake him at six every morning.	我每天早上
They are having breakfast now.	他们现在正在吃早饭
What kind of sandwich do you want?	你要什么样的三明治
I don't know what this symbol stands for.	我不知道这个符号代表什么意思
Were you playing tennis yesterday morning?	你昨天早上在打网球吗
It was amazingly easy.	这出乎意料地容易
I have not seen him for a long time.	我很久没见过他了
Tom didn't show me anything.	汤姆甚么也没给我看
The boy actually was going to do it.	这个男孩实际上是要去做
She cooks chicken the way I like.	她用我喜欢的方式烹调鸡肉
That was the best day of my life.	那是我生命中最美的一天
The sky is clear and full of stars.	天空晴朗
Listen to this.	听听这个
That would be unlikely.	那不太可能
I wash my hands before eating lunch.	我在吃午饭前洗手
How's your wife, Tom?	你媳妇怎么样
May I pay with a credit card?	我能用信用卡支付吗
They aren't quarreling, but are rehearsing a play.	他们不是在打架
She poured brandy into the glasses.	她把白兰地倒进玻璃杯里
I cannot help thinking that my son is still alive.	我不禁想我的儿子一直都在生
I don't know what day he'll come.	我不知道他星期几会来
I know you're going to say no.	我知道你要说不
She kept him waiting half an hour.	她让他等了半小时
I feel weak.	我感到虚弱
It's okay to go.	你可以走了
On my way home, I met him.	我在回家的路上遇到了他
The boy enjoyed painting a picture.	这个男孩喜欢绘画
Look around.	四处看看
People need to stop hating.	人们需要止住仇恨
My cat looks sad.	我的猫看上去很悲伤
This sofa takes up too much space.	这张沙发占了太多空间
Give me something to write on.	给我一些我可以在上面写字的东西
Don't forget to put out the fire.	不要忘了熄火
I'll come to pick it up later.	我晚点再来拿
Someone is waiting for you downstairs.	楼下有人在等您
She thinks of everything in terms of money.	她对任何事都用钱的角度来看
You must pay in advance.	您必须预先付钱
As everyone knows, air is a mixture of gases.	众所周知
Don't pay any attention to Tom.	千万别理汤姆
Tom moves quickly.	汤姆动得好快
I expect you to work harder.	我希望你更加努力地工作
Not being tall isn't a disadvantage.	长不高不是坏事
I thought you said something.	我觉得你说了什么
Tom might want you to help him.	汤姆可能想让你帮他
She rested her head on her mother's shoulder.	她把头枕在母亲的肩膀上
Let him in.	让他进来
The boy has an apple in his pocket.	这男孩的口袋里有个苹果
She stooped to pick up a pebble.	她捡起了一块鹅卵石
How many things did you buy?	你买了多少东西
I'll call you tomorrow morning.	明天早上我会打电话给你
This family gave me a warm welcome.	这个家庭热情地接待了我
Tom needs to go to the hospital.	汤姆必须去医院
He gave it a new name.	他给了它一个新名字
I hear that she is a famous actress.	我听说她是个有名的演员
He earned his living as a teacher.	他以教书为生
It's raining again!	又下雨了
Is that what it's called?	那就是它的叫法吗
May I go to the movies tonight?	我今晚可以去看电影吗
I had trouble unwrapping the package.	我在打开包装时遇到了麻烦
He doesn't have to go to school.	他不必上学
Smoking is not permitted on the train.	不允许在火车上吸烟
I like your house.	我喜欢你的房子
I told Tom I was OK.	我对汤姆说我很好
Tom has just retired.	汤姆刚退休
I admit that I was a little drunk.	我承认当时是有点醉
She asked me a question.	她问了我一个问题
Are you afraid of Tom?	你会怕
Listen.	听着
Yesterday, an explosion occurred at the fireworks factory.	昨晚
We should do our best.	我们应该做到最好
I'm almost finished.	我差不多完成了
It looks like Tom won the race.	看起来像是汤姆赢得了比赛
Can you imagine walking around on the moon?	你可以想象在月球上行走吗
Her book is very interesting.	她的书非常有趣
May I ask you a question?	我可以问你个问题吗
Tom admitted he had killed Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.	因为我这份工作的缘故
There's a hole in this bucket.	这个桶子上有个洞
Would you lend me a pencil?	能借我支铅笔吗
I'll attend the next meeting.	我会参加下次的会议
I am a new student.	我是个新生
I have a cough and a little fever.	我咳嗽
Do you have a fountain pen?	你有钢笔吗
He must have said so without giving it much thought.	他一定没有多考虑就说了
What do you think I want?	你认为我想要甚么
Compared to yours, my car is small.	和你的车比起来
I can't believe you bought this.	我不信你买了这个东西
I think I've found something of yours.	我认为我找到一些你的东西了
I have a black and a white dog.	我有一只黑狗和一只白狗
We will stay here until Sunday.	星期天前我们将会待在这里
May I see your boarding pass, please?	请让我看看您的登机证好吗
Earth is a planet.	地球是一个行星
Has anything changed?	有任何事情改变了吗
Grandpa bought it for me!	爷爷买给我的
Tom could be Canadian.	汤姆可能是加拿大人
My father is in good health.	我父亲身体很健康
They're typical young people.	他们是典型的年轻人
Please water the flowers.	请浇花
What did you do with my glasses?	你把我的眼镜怎么了
There is a post office close by.	附近有一间邮局
I didn't hear anybody talking.	我没听到任何人在说话
We're just about finished here.	我们快要结束了
She's asking for the impossible.	她在无理取闹
Leave my camera alone.	别碰我的相机
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?	我需要写一封信
Tom hasn't done anything.	汤姆什么都没做
I was supposed to go to school.	我该去上学
Do you still need tea?	你还需要茶吗
My father doesn't like soccer.	我爸爸不喜欢足球
Don't you feel cold?	你不冷吗
I lost my camera the other day.	那天我丢了我的照相机
I had a nightmare.	我做噩梦了
I wouldn't be too surprised if this song became a hit.	如果这歌成名
They moved ahead slowly.	他们慢慢地向前进
I have a lot of friends living in Boston.	我有很多朋友住在波士顿
Are you married?	您成家了吗
I know Tom is allergic to bees.	我知道汤姆对蜜蜂过敏
Tom drank some orange juice.	Tom	喝了点柳橙汁
He majored in drama at college.	他在大学主修戏剧
He even called me an idiot.	他甚至骂我傻瓜
Is there a service charge for that?	要收服务费吗
You should use a deodorant.	你应该用一下除臭剂
Tom was tired.	汤姆累了
We'll take part in the marathon.	我们将参加马拉松
I'm sorry. I have another appointment.	很抱歉
Do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year?	你知不知道全世界每年有多少人饿死呀
I want to go to Africa someday.	有一天我要去非洲
You should've stayed in the car.	你该留在车里
Tom told him.	汤姆告诉了他
After you have read it, give the book back to me.	在你读完后
Are you busy now?	现在您忙吗
I wish I could speak English.	但愿我会讲英语
You should take up golf.	你应该开始从事高尔夫
What happened there?	那里发生什么了
People can easily tell the difference between them.	人们可以很容易地看出其中的差别
Paper burns quickly.	纸烧得快
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my book.	我什么地方都找过了
He seldom gives his wife presents.	他很少给他的妻子礼物
Tom likes swimming.	汤姆喜欢游泳
He really likes music a lot.	他真的很热爱音乐
I'd like to find a way to improve my memory.	我想找一种提升记忆力的方法
Tom has a good memory.	汤姆有好的记忆力
Thank you in advance for your cooperation.	提前感谢你们的合作
They forgave him for his crimes.	他们原谅了他的罪行
People should do their best.	人们应该尽力而为
Tom said Mary was hungry.	汤姆说玛丽饿了
I'm satisfied with his progress.	我对他的进步感到很满意
It's not necessary for us to attend the meeting.	我们没有必要参加会议
Tom went to Boston three years ago.	汤姆三年前去了波士顿
Can you take a picture of us?	您能好好给我们照一张相吗
Say which one you would like.	说你想要哪个
Tom came to my office this morning.	汤姆今早来了我的办公室
I will ask him tomorrow.	明天我会问他的
Send me a letter when you arrive.	当你到达时寄封信给我
You can see the roof of the house from there.	你能从那里看到房顶
What's this?	这是什么
Fasten your seat belt, please.	请系好安全带
He has all but finished the work.	他几乎已经完成这个工作了
Like father, like son.	有其父必有其子
I believe you.	我相信你
My sister is twenty-one years old and a college student.	我妹妹
I don't think Tom understands that.	我不认为汤姆明白
Put on some clothes.	穿上点衣服
Tom joined the discussion.	汤姆参加了讨论
Did you have a good time last night?	你昨天晚上过得好吗
Is there a supermarket nearby?	这里附近有超市吗
It doesn't matter which team wins the game.	哪个队赢得比赛并不重要
Tom has won.	汤姆胜利了
As for me, I have no objection.	对于我
She is good at speaking English.	她擅长说英语
How do you know about this?	你为什么会知道
Japan produces a lot of good cameras.	日本生产很多好相机
Our refrigerator isn't working.	我们的冰箱坏了
Tom's hands are shaking.	汤姆的手在颤动
What would you like?	你想要甚么
Are you insinuating something?	你是不是想暗示什么
I explained the reason in detail.	我详细地解释了原因
My grandfather died five years ago.	我祖父五年前去世了
Agriculture consumes a great amount of water.	农业需要消耗的大量的水
"Pass me the salt, please." "Here you are."	“	请把盐递给我
I quickly ate lunch.	我迅速地吃了午饭
She felt blue.	她感到闷闷不乐的
All sorts of people live in Tokyo.	各式各样的人住在东京
What's your favorite nursery rhyme?	你最喜欢的儿童歌曲是哪首
It makes no difference who I meet.	我遇见谁都无所谓
I'm not inflexible.	我不是死板的
My foot hurts.	我的脚痛
I don't discriminate.	我不歧视人
Tom told me that he'd be right back.	汤姆告诉我他会马上回来
My son doesn't obey me.	我儿子不听我话
We have absolutely nothing in common.	我们完全没有共同点
He ran as fast as he could.	他跑得能有多快就有多快
Mommy, may I go swimming?	妈咪
I'm pregnant.	我怀孕了
Your son has come of age.	你儿子现在成人了
Don't wait.	不要等待
The world is running out of oil.	世界上的石油快用完了
This is my bedroom.	这是我的卧室
I'm not a witch.	我不是巫婆
I've always been smart.	我一直聪明
I was very nervous as the plane took off.	飞机起飞的时候我很紧张
She was busy with her knitting.	她忙着编织
How come Mary is going on a picnic with him?	为什么玛丽和他去野餐
Tom did an excellent job.	汤姆做得很出色
It was my duty to do that.	做那事是我的责任
I signed the document.	我签署了文件
My grandfather can't hear very well.	我爷爷的听力不太好
I just got up.	我刚才起床了
Parking is prohibited here.	此处禁止停车
I plan to spend the New Year's holiday in Australia.	我打算在澳大利亚过新年
This job doesn't pay.	这份工作不付钱的
Please enjoy yourself at the dance.	请尽情地跳舞
I don't like the way she speaks.	我不喜欢她说话的态度
We should always obey laws.	我们总要遵守法律
Have you ever seen the man in this photo?	你见过这张照片上的男人吗
How long did it take you to write this report?	你写这份报告花了多长时间
I'm considering studying in the United States next year.	我在考虑明年去美国学习
I haven't seen you for ages. Do you remember when I saw you last?	好久不见了
It's already 11.	已经是
This is the house where she used to live.	这是她曾经住过的房子
He can speak French, and obviously English.	他能说法语
Should I help you?	我该帮你吗
My son is playing in the rain.	我儿子在雨里玩
Everything is changing.	一切都在变
I'd like for you to go.	我希望你去
The volcano erupted suddenly, killing many people.	火山突然喷发
I often play soccer after school.	我常常在放学后踢足球
I bought a book.	我买了一本书
Do you drink coffee?	你喝咖啡吗
Are you happy?	你快乐吗
This guy looks like a fox.	这家伙像个狐狸
What does the earth look like from space?	从太空中看
It isn't necessary to answer that letter.	没有必要回那封信
I thought Tom would want to know about that.	我本以为汤姆愿意了解这件事
You'd better go back home now.	你现在最好回家
This dictionary contains about 40,000 headwords.	这本字典包含了约
I don't have classes today.	我今天没课
Let's assume that'll happen.	让我们假定那会发生
I've met so many new people.	我遇到了许多以前没见过的人
Do you have your driver's license?	你有驾驶执照吗
It was getting dark.	天要黑了
Sir, that CD is available only by special order.	先生
The moon is shining.	月光在照耀著
He is one of the greatest artists in Japan.	他是日本最伟大的艺术家之一
What did they say?	他们说了些什么
May I take your picture?	我可以帮你照相吗
He has no sense of right and wrong.	他是非不分
Don't go out after it gets dark.	天黑以后不要出门
I'll prove it to you.	我会给你证明的
The largest bedroom faces south.	最大的卧室朝南
I have just finished eating.	我刚刚吃完
The money you give them will be put to good use.	你给他们的钱会用到好处
What prevented you from coming earlier?	什么阻止你早点来了
We're a family.	我们是个家庭
He is at home today.	他今天在家
That did occur to me.	那就发生在我身上
He has a long neck.	他的脖子很长
Choose one from among these.	从中选一个
I prefer cats to dogs.	比起狗
He hasn't written the letter yet.	他还没写信
Who's next?	下一个是谁
Tom knows we aren't happy.	汤姆知道我们不高兴
I'm getting farsighted as I get older.	当我年长时
I believed you.	我信过你
Tom is always watching television.	汤姆总是在看电视
He bought the land for the purpose of building a house on it.	他买土地目的是要造房子
In a way you're right, but I still have doubts.	在某种程度上你是对的
I didn't get your last name.	我没有听清楚你的姓
I was not scolding you.	我不是在骂你
The light has turned green.	信号灯变绿了哟
Tom has nothing to do here.	汤姆在这里没有可做的事
It was love at first sight.	那是一见钟情
Turn right at the next intersection.	请在下一个十字路口右转
You're in better shape than I am.	你的体型比我的好
You're a celebrity now.	你现在是名人了
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope?	你知道显微镜和望远镜的差别吗
She is on a diet.	她在节食
I don't think that any more students want to come.	我觉得不会有更多学生想来了
I wish I were an only child.	我要是个独子就好了
The well ran dry.	这口井干涸了
The Internet is an invaluable source of information.	互联网是一种无法估量的信息资源
God helps those who help themselves.	自助者天助
I am a stranger here.	我是这里的外地人
I almost left my umbrella on the train.	我几乎把我的雨伞忘在火车上
Tom loves you.	汤姆爱你
I met her on campus yesterday.	我昨天在校园里遇到了她
She is a charming woman.	她是个有有魅力的女性
She hung a curtain over the window.	她把窗帘挂在窗户上
You don't deserve it.	你不配
Please show your ticket.	请出示您的票子
Turtles lay eggs.	海龟下蛋
He wore a dark sweater.	他穿了一件深色毛衣
I don't have the address with me.	我身上没带这个地址
I followed the deer's tracks.	我跟着鹿的踪迹
Let's end this nonsense.	我们不要再说废话了
It's really different from what I expected.	这真的跟我所预期的不同
I admit that I'm not the tidiest person in the world.	我承认
Whose notebook is that?	这台笔记本电脑是谁的
Tom pushed his way through the crowd.	汤姆从人群中拥出来
She visited her husband in prison.	她探望了她在监狱里的丈夫
There's a letter for you.	你有一封信
Everybody thinks so.	大家都是这样想的
Do you know a good dentist?	你有认识好的牙医吗
Would you mind lending me your car?	你介意把你的车借给我吗
Tom has large hands.	汤姆的手大
Tom says he left a note.	汤姆说他留了张便条
Tom turned on the car's fog lights.	汤姆打开了车的雾灯
I've never gone fishing at night.	我从没在晚上钓过鱼
I intend to go there.	我打算去那里
I should not have said that.	我不该说那个
This isn't a tiger.	这不是老虎
Give me something to eat.	给我点东西吃
You said you were in trouble. How can I help?	你说你有困难
Oil is extracted from olives.	油是从橄榄中提炼出来的
Friends are like flowers in the garden of life.	朋友就像生命之园里的花朵
There is a basket under the table.	桌子底下有一个篮子
He started going bald quite young.	他很年轻就开始秃头了
Why can't we talk now?	为什么我们现在不能讲
I'm sure he will come tomorrow.	我确定他明天会来
Eggs are sold by the dozen.	蛋是按打卖的
I'm not going to give up.	我不会放弃的
I lost my key.	我钥匙丢了
I'm not a native speaker.	我不是个母语者
It's no use crying over spilt milk.	覆水难收
I'm glad Mary isn't my wife.	我很高兴玛丽不是我的妻子
Please turn off the television.	请把电视关掉
I'm fed up with English.	我厌倦了英语
There was nobody there.	谁也不在那里
I'd like to be a guitarist.	我想要成为吉他手
Can you swim?	你会游泳吗
I can't put up with it.	我无法忍受它了
She banged the table with her fist.	她用拳头拍了桌子
All our teachers were young and loved teaching.	我们所有的老师都很年轻并且喜爱教学
He was a rugby player.	他曾是个英式橄榄球运动员
It seems that I've lost my keys.	我好像丢了我的钥匙
What's for breakfast?	早饭吃什么
The patient is steadily recovering.	这个病人正在稳定地康复中
Tom did nothing.	汤姆什么都没做
Something is happening in Boston.	在波士顿正发生着什么事
Field hockey is not very popular in China.	曲棍球在中国不是很流行
This place still looks the same as it did a long time ago.	这里就像在古时候一样
The pianist played two encores.	这位钢琴家演奏了两首安可曲
I consider you one of my closest friends.	我把你视为我最要好的朋友之一
I work every day except for Sundays.	除了星期天我每一天都工作
I'm called Tom.	我叫汤姆
I can't walk.	我走不了
She was bewitched by his smile.	她被他的笑容迷住了
She pressed her nose against the glass.	她把鼻子贴在玻璃上
Tom's uncle keeps a lot of sheep.	汤姆的叔叔养了很多羊
Tom seems to be prepared.	汤姆看来准备好了
She gives me a nasty look every time she sees me.	她每次看见我都给露出厌恶的眼神
We'll talk about this later.	我们晚会再谈这事
He's much younger than Tom.	他比
He wrote the report.	他写了这份报告
I think I've found the answer.	我想我找到答案了
I will buy a new car next month.	我下个月买辆新车
Haven't I met you before?	我以前没见过你吗
Thank you for everything.	感谢你做的所有事
Tom needs the money.	汤姆需要钱
Tom has changed his mind again.	汤姆又改变了他的主意
He likes to travel. I do, too.	他喜欢旅行
When did you graduate from high school?	你什么时候中学毕业
Can I catch a taxi near here?	我能在这附近打车吗
I'll give you whatever you want.	我会给你你想要的任何事物
Is that the station?	那是车站吗
He dried his wet clothes by the fire.	他在火旁烘干他的湿衣服
Tom told us this morning that he and Mary were moving to Boston.	汤姆告诉我今天上午他和玛丽要搬到波士顿
He came back from China.	他从中国回来了
In the summer, it's very hot here.	这里夏天非常炎热
We have to leave in five minutes.	我们必须在五分钟之内离开
I missed the opening ceremony of the Olympics.	我错过了奥运会的开幕式
I chose this topic because I think it's interesting.	我选这个主题是因为我觉得它很有意思
I have brothers.	我有兄弟
What on earth are you doing here?	你到底在这里干什么
The horse trotted down the road.	马在路上小跑着
I don't want to lose you.	我不想失去你
She looks pretty in that dress.	她穿上那件衣服看起来很漂亮
It is dangerous to jump onto a moving train.	跳上一列正在开的火车是很危险的
The weather was so cold that the lake froze over.	天冷得足以让湖结冰
When will your new store open?	你的新商店什么时候开张
What a pity!	可惜
I wonder what the weather will be like tomorrow.	不知道明天天气会怎么样呢
I take a bath almost every day.	我几乎每天洗澡
Your problem is similar to mine.	你的问题和我的相似
He is able to speak five languages.	他会说五种语言
I'll be absent from home in the afternoon.	下午我不在家
I know what Tom is doing.	我知道汤姆在做什么
I don't want Tom seeing this.	我不想让汤姆看见这个
Texting while driving is dangerous.	开车时打字是危险的
My mother can't drive a car.	我妈不会开车
"Will you be at my party tomorrow night?" "I'll try to be there."	“	你明天会来我的聚会吗
When the cat's away, the mice will play.	山上无老虎
They helped one another to make the school festival a success.	他们互帮互助
I don't need anybody.	我谁也不需要
Trim the fat off the meat.	切除这块肉的脂肪
Don't worry about others.	不用担心其他人
Let me have a look at those photos.	让我看看那些照片
We have French third period.	我们第三节是法语课
He taught us that Columbus discovered America.	他教导我们说
Apart from some fruit, he hasn't eaten anything.	除了水果
Are you able to prove it?	你能证明吗
There are subtle differences between the two pictures.	这两张图片之间有细致的差异
I have already eaten lunch.	我已经吃过午餐了
The boy denied having stolen the bicycle.	那个男孩否认偷了自行车
We should call the doctor.	我们应该去请医生
It is rude to stare at strangers.	盯著陌生人看是不礼貌的
I want to go ice skating.	我想去滑冰
You should read many books when you are young.	当你年轻的时候
Are you dating anybody?	你跟人约会过吗
Sensing danger, he ran away.	他感觉到危险就逃跑了
Do you really think I look like Tom?	你真的觉得我长得像汤姆吗
I want to introduce you to my friend here.	我想给你介绍一下我身旁这位朋友
Unfortunately, I have to get up early every morning.	不幸的是
Without your advice, I would've failed.	没有你们的意见
Pardon me, but that's my racket.	抱歉
He endeavored to make his wife happy, but in vain.	他试著想让他妻子开心
Does Tom have a job?	汤姆有工作吗
Let me say one thing.	让我说一件事情
A full moon can be seen tonight.	今晚能看到满月
Almost everyone came.	几乎每个人都来了
Tom got fatter.	汤姆胖了
Today was fun.	今天很有趣
What browser are you using?	你用什么浏览器
I am not writing a letter.	我不是正在写信
A little bird told me.	我听传闻说的
What's the climate there like?	那里的气候怎么样
Have you found your contact lenses?	你找到你的隐形眼镜了吗
She was holding an umbrella.	她握着一把伞
I worked all this week.	这周我一直在工作
She was asked to write her name in ink.	她被要求用墨水写下她的名字
They both want a child.	他俩想要一个孩子
Where do you study?	你在哪读书
I haven't finished this.	我做不了这个
We don't have any other choice.	我们别无选择
He may have missed the train.	他可能错过了火车
Tom's laughing.	汤姆在笑
Tom is no fool.	汤姆不是白痴
Tom doesn't drink beer.	汤姆不喝啤酒
He has been very busy this week.	他这个星期一直很忙碌
Tom knows many French songs.	汤姆知道许多法语歌
Tom hasn't complained yet.	汤姆还没有抱怨
The car hit a wall.	那辆车撞到墙了
They are high school students.	他们是高中生
Don't let children play in the road.	别让孩子们在马路中间嬉戏
Tom canceled his hotel reservation.	汤姆取消了他的酒店订单
We went all out to get the job done.	我们全力以赴来完成工作
What kind of movie do you want to watch?	你想看哪种类型的电影
When will the rainy season be over?	雨季何时会结束
What we need is help.	我们需要的是帮助
I don't have a partner.	我没有伙伴
Please show me the green shirt.	请给我看看这件绿色的衬衫
I don't think Tom is serious.	我不觉得汤姆是认真的
Could you give me a discount?	能给我打个折么
Are you free tomorrow afternoon?	你明天下午有空吗
We have an elevator in our new house.	我们的新家有一台电梯
This apple is too small.	这个苹果太小
I grew up near a river.	我在一条河的附近长大
This T-shirt is too small for me.	这件
How long have you two been together?	你们两个在一起多久了
I promised him that I would come today.	我答应他我今天会来
I can't play tennis very well.	我网球打的不是很好
I can't wait forever.	我不能永远地等
The table is covered with powder.	桌上布满了粉末
I had a telephone call from her.	她打了一通电话给我
I'm sure you'll be back before long.	我确定你不久就回来
Nearly all Japanese have dark hair.	几乎所有的日本人头发都是黑色的
Your bicycle is similar to mine.	你的脚踏车和我的很相似
I don't want to stir up old memories.	我不愿意勾起久远的回忆
She really wants to lose weight.	她真的想减肥
Have you done all your homework?	你做了所有的功课吗
She got sick this weekend.	她周末病倒了
I agree with some of your opinions.	我同意你一部分的意见
At first, I thought they were sick.	一开始
The girl was gazing at the doll.	女孩凝视着洋娃娃
I'm looking for a place to sit.	我正在找个地方坐下
It is not easy to master English.	要精通英语不容易
The moon landing was a monumental achievement.	登月是一项里程碑式的成就
I wanted to see Tom's room.	我就想看看汤姆的房间
Tom and I see each other every day at school.	汤姆和我每天都在学校见面
I don't know either of them.	他们中的任何一位我都不认识
I had curry last night.	我昨晚吃了咖喱
They're kids.	她们是孩子
It's going to rain soon.	天快要下雨了
A big tree fell in the storm.	一棵大树在暴风中倒下
I majored in philosophy in college.	我在大学主修哲学
I am very sad.	我很难过
Tom is always playing video games.	汤姆总是在玩电视游乐器
Tom's hands felt like ice.	汤姆的手像冰一样
She always looked happy, but never was.	她总是看起来很快乐
Never say never.	永远不要说永远
We just need water.	我们需要的只有水
Wolves scare me.	狼吓到了我
Where does it hurt?	哪里痛
I'm still young.	我还年轻
Can you show me on the map?	可以在地图上展示给我看吗
He thanked me for coming.	他感谢我的到来
I think I've found something better.	我认为我找到了更好的
A boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father.	十七岁的男孩常常长得和他父亲一样高
A rock fell from above.	一块岩石从上面落下
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.	不要对人家送的礼物挑三拣四
Did you plan to eat all of that yourself?	你打算自己一人把它全部吃了吗
Tom has a lot to think about.	汤姆要考虑很多
This flower is beautiful, isn't it?	这朵花很美
He collected bits of information.	他收集了一些讯息
Don't rush into marriage.	不要急著结婚
Hands off.	别碰
He sat on the bench.	他坐在长凳上
Do you often hear from him?	你常常收到他的音讯吗
I've had a headache for three days and I can't get rid of it.	我已经头疼三天了
I was told that I don't need to do that.	有人告诉我我不用做
We'll be profitable this year.	今年我们会盈利的
Keep working.	继续工作
I know your older brother quite well.	我跟你哥哥很熟
Where are those people from?	那些人从哪来的
I could not afford to buy a bicycle.	我买不起自行车
We found the boy fast asleep.	我们发现这个男孩睡得很沉
Do you think you could do better?	你觉得你能做得更好吗
Do you have one?	你有吗
With a firm goal in mind, you will do well.	有了坚定的目标
You'll never be alone.	你们永远不会一个人的
They all knew.	他们都知道
If by any chance I'm late, please don't wait for me.	万一我来晚的话
Pork doesn't agree with me.	猪肉不适合我
It is never too late to learn.	活到老
Nobody forced you to help me.	没有人强迫你帮我
Did I tell you I got a new job?	我有告诉你我找到新工作了吗
This watch is waterproof.	这手表是防水的
You could run.	你能跑
A beautiful sunset, isn't it?	美丽的夕阳
He is my type!	他是我的菜
How many tickets do you have left?	你还剩下几张票
Do it now.	现在就做
Why are you asking me?	你为什么问我
The explosion that followed killed many people.	很多人在随后的爆炸中死去
We must keep up the family traditions.	我们必须保持家庭传统
The cup is on the table.	杯子在桌上
We must try to break the deadlock.	我们必须设法打破这个僵局
Your sweater is inside out.	你毛衣穿反了哟
I am near the station.	我在车站附近
I thought I could be of some help.	我认为我能帮点忙
What's the last thing you remember?	你能记起来的最后一件事是什么
Tom says he feels a little better.	汤姆说他感觉好点了
Tom's speech was excellent.	汤姆的演讲非常好
It'll be cloudy.	天要变多云了
You're lying.	你在撒谎
Had I arrived earlier, I could have seen Kelly.	如果我早点到
Tom admitted he murdered Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
It was impossible to find an answer.	不可能找得到答案
My office is on the fifth floor.	我的办公室在五楼
I am your father.	我是你爸爸
I was trying to kill time.	我试着消磨时间
Tom denied having stolen the money.	Tom	否认偷了钱
They live across the river.	他们住在河对面
This couch is very comfortable.	这个沙发很舒服
Thank you for coming to meet me.	谢谢你来接我
I know the man sitting over there.	我认识坐在那里的那个男人
Did you call?	你打过电话了吗
These figures don't add up.	这些数字总数不符
Get yourself something to eat from the fridge.	你去冰箱拿点东西吃吧
I play football.	我踢足球
Wires are used to convey electricity.	电线被用来运送电力
It is necessary for you to go there.	你有必要到那里去
See you tomorrow at school.	明天在学校见
Compared with yours, my car is small.	和你的车比起来
Tom told me he hated Christmas.	汤姆告诉我他讨厌圣诞节
You'd better wait until the police come.	你最好等到警察前来
Tom is the head of the company in name only. His son makes all the important decisions.	汤姆名义上市公司的领导
Can you lend me your knife?	能借给我你的刀吗
He really likes baseball.	他非常喜欢棒球
Monkeys can learn a lot of tricks.	猴子能学会很多把戏
I don't like to socialize.	我不喜欢跟人打交道
This is the best restaurant I know.	这是我所知道的最好的餐厅
Investigating the causes of cancer is very expensive.	有关癌症成因的研究耗费颇巨
What are you going to do tomorrow?	你明天要做什么
Can't you stay a little longer?	你不能待久一点吗
She smiled.	她笑了
He has a lot of money.	他有很多钱
The sun came out.	太阳露出来了
The birds sang.	鸟儿歌唱
I can't lift my right arm.	我无法举起我的右手臂
You could say that.	这么说也可以
Does anyone care?	有人在意吗
She was in the United States last month.	她上个月在美国
Would you like me to take a look?	你能让我看看吗
"Are the drinks free?" "Only for ladies."	“	酒水免费吗
He took a taxi to the station.	他打了个车去车站
I took a day off last week.	上周我休了一天的假
Did you buy juice?	你有买果汁吗
Tom wrote that song three years ago.	汤姆三年前创作了那首歌
An argument may be logically sound without being true.	不正确的命题听起来可能符合逻辑
I've quit drinking beer.	我已经不喝啤酒了
I guess that would be all right.	我猜那应该可以的
Tom is grinning.	汤姆露齿而笑
May I have a glass of milk, please?	请问能给我一杯牛奶吗
Tom is in danger.	汤姆有危险
Tom pretended he was a doctor.	汤姆假装他是一名医生
You've got something stuck in your teeth.	牙齿卡了点东西
I'm sending you a birthday present by airmail.	我寄给你一个航空邮件生日礼物
Tom knows that I don't like him.	汤姆知道我不喜欢他
There's no need for you to prepare a formal speech.	您没必要准备一个正式的演讲
Please reconsider.	请重新考虑一下
I always have a look at the newspaper before breakfast.	我经常在早饭前看一眼报纸
What subjects do you like the best?	你最喜欢什么科目
It's a clear day.	天空很晴朗
I'd like seats on the first floor.	我想要一楼的座位
Strangely enough, he failed.	很奇怪
She cooked the dinner herself.	她自己煮晚餐了
I was born 20 years ago.	我出生在二十年前
I don't want to open the window.	我不想打开窗户
That isn't Tom's fault.	那不是汤姆的错
He gave me a cold.	他把感冒传染给我了
Stay there.	留在这里别动
He hates air travel.	他讨厌坐飞机旅行
It's not at all easy to master French.	要掌握法语一点都不容易
I'm almost 180 centimeters tall.	我差不多
You ought to be more careful.	你应该要更小心
Tom slipped out of the classroom.	汤姆溜出了教室
Tom is going crazy.	汤姆要发疯
Did you just get to know him?	你是不是刚认识他
He wiped the sweat from his face.	他擦去了脸上的汗水
Do you have a bike?	你有自行车吗
You've been deceived.	你被骗了
We must sleep at least eight hours a day.	我们每天至少该睡八小时
It's almost time for the cherry blossoms.	几乎是樱花绽放的时候了
I started to write a book.	我开始写一本书
She left here in a hurry.	她匆忙地离开了这里
I want to move out of this cramped room as soon as I can.	我想尽快从这个不透气的屋子里出去
I heard Tom was captured.	我听说汤姆被捕了
Study hard.	好好学习
Where do you suppose you'll spend your vacation?	你认为你会到哪儿度假
I haven't heard that story yet.	我还没有听过那个故事
How was the food?	食物怎么样
Tom was confused, too.	汤姆也很混乱
Tom is more famous than you.	汤姆比你有名气
Tom adores Mary.	汤姆爱慕玛丽
Is it true Tom can't swim?	汤姆真的不会游泳吗
He is like his father.	他像他父亲
To tell the truth, I completely forgot.	说实话
Are you on the committee?	你是委员会中的成员吗
That pool really looks inviting.	那座泳池看来的确很吸引人
She made the same mistake again.	她又犯了同样的错误了
I don't understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular.	我不懂为何义式辣肠披萨如此受欢迎
Let's leave it at that.	就到此为止吧
As we went around the corner, the lake came into view.	当我们走到转角处
Can you tell silver and tin apart?	你能分辨银和锡吗
The rivers were flooded by the heavy rain.	大雨使河水泛滥
I'm not good at drawing.	我不擅长画画
Do you like Japanese food?	你喜欢日本菜吗
What's your favorite drink?	你最喜欢的饮料是什么
He does not get up early.	他不早起
You must get rid of that bad habit.	你必须改掉这个坏习惯
I am Chinese.	我是华人
He doesn't speak our language.	他不会说我们的语言
Some people like sports, and others don't.	有些人喜欢运动
My stomach is full.	我的胃是胀满的
That's my coat.	那是我的大衣
Tom has apparently done that already.	很明显
Tom returned to his hometown to visit his parents during the summer break.	汤姆在夏休回乡看望父母
You speak fluent English.	你英语说得很流利
Tom showed up at about 2:30.	汤姆两点半左右到的
At least tell me where you're going.	至少告诉我们你要去哪里
I invited my neighbor to breakfast.	我请我的邻居来吃早饭
Was he still here when you arrived?	当你到达的时候他还在这里吗
I would like to speak English fluently.	我想讲一口流利的英语
You have to work hard.	你必须努力工作
Can I try on this jacket?	我可以试穿这件外套吗
I know you like sports.	我知道你喜欢体育运动
I play the guitar after school.	我放学后弹吉他
There are strawberries in my bag.	我的袋子里有草莓
You can't buy happiness.	幸福是买不到的
His wife is quite a talented woman.	他妻子是个才女
How many languages can you speak?	你会说多少种语言
I don't know what I'm going to do next.	我不知道接下来我要做什么
She asked him questions.	她问了他问题
Tom realized it was time to leave.	汤姆意识到该走了
I hope he'll be able to come! I'd like to see him.	我希望他能来
There are two zeros in the number "2010."	2010	这个数字里有两个零
You can always count on Tom.	你可以永远信赖汤姆
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.	我要说的只能是你知我知
He loves traveling.	他爱旅行
The red flag indicated the presence of danger.	红旗代表存在危险
He hit his head against a rock.	他的头撞到了一块岩石
Would you care for another glass of beer?	再来一杯啤酒怎么样
She's a quiet person.	她是一个很安静的人
Spring is coming soon.	春天就要来了
Tom didn't look happy at all.	汤姆看起来一点也不开心
I haven't seen him for years.	我有些年没见过他了
He was injured in the leg.	他的腿受伤了
I'll see to it.	我会留意的
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.	牛在牧地上吃草
I returned the books I borrowed from the library, and I borrowed some new ones.	我还了从图书馆借的书
He took care of the business after his father's death.	在他父亲死后
Please show me around.	请带我到处看看
People like you shouldn't be here.	你这样的人不该在这里
Tom got angry at the children.	汤姆对孩子们生气
I asked the boy to throw the ball back.	我请这个男孩把球扔回来
Our school library is small, but new.	我们学校的图书馆很小
I slapped his face.	我掴了他的脸
Tom and I sat on a bench in the park and talked while we fed pigeons.	我和汤姆在公园的长椅上坐着
A ball is floating down the river.	一个球正顺流而下
Mother stays at home every day.	妈妈每天待在家里
No problem.	没事
Here is your book.	这是你的书
Let's take a break now.	现在休息一下
When she saw that they had no schools, she started one.	当她发现他们还没有学校
We started at six.	我们六点开始
We may need some.	我们可能需要一些
She had the nerve to speak out.	她竟敢说出来
I'll be busy tomorrow.	我明天会很忙
Don't put it on my desk.	不要把它放在我的桌子上
Your problem and mine are similar.	你我的问题很相似
I did it myself.	我自己做的
She sings very well.	她唱歌非常好
They drink cola.	他们喝可乐
Tom is very important to me.	汤姆对我来说很重要
When did this occur?	这事是什么时候发生的
The famous pianist smiled.	著名的钢琴家露出了微笑
I look forward to it.	我很期待哦
She taught me how to write a poem.	她教我如何写诗
Right at that instant, the bus stopped.	就在那时
Mt. Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.	富士山是日本最高的山
Actually, I was wrong.	实际上我错了
"Can somebody help me?" "I will."	"	谁可以来帮我一下
Is she a taxi driver?	她是出租车司机吗
It's snowing.	下雪了
"He'd like to have a coffee after work." "I would too."	"	他想在下班后喝杯咖啡
Bee stings can be very painful.	蜜蜂螫人可以是非常痛苦的
The second lesson is very simple.	第二课非常简单
I should've gone to Australia with Tom.	我本该和汤姆一起去澳大利亚
Lunch is on.	午餐送到了
I go to church on Sundays.	周日我去做礼拜
I've got things under control.	我控制住了
Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.	以前读高中的时候
I actually never knew that.	我实际并不知道
Who are you voting for?	你投给谁
They tasted the bread.	他们尝了面包
Would you mind my moving your car?	你介意我移动你的车吗
Don't let this information leak out.	不要让这些信息泄露出去
I've finished reading the book.	我看完了这本书
We have to come to some agreement.	我们要达成一些协定
I got the information from him directly.	我直接从他那里得到讯息
Don't forget to take the first-aid kit.	别忘了带上急救箱
When the cat is away, the mice will play.	山上无老虎
I'm very busy today.	我今天很忙
You are not a coward.	您不是个懦夫
I have a map.	我有一张地图
Tom took a step backward.	汤姆后退一步
All you can do is trust one another.	你们除了信任对方
I helped my father wash his car.	我帮我父亲洗他的车
I wrote down the address for you.	我给你写下了地址
That dress looks good on you.	那条连衣裙很适合您
I wish I could go to Japan.	要是能去日本就好了
Your letter made me happy.	你的来信使我快乐
I'm happy to see you here.	我很高兴在这里看到你
We must go to school.	我们必须去学校了
The food isn't very good here.	这里的食物不是很好
It would've been better if you'd stayed with Tom.	如果你和
You shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around.	孩子们在旁边的时候
I don't have a desk in my bedroom.	我的卧室里没有桌子
Tom exaggerated.	汤姆言过其实
I like wine.	我喜欢葡萄酒
She warned him not to go alone.	她警告了他不要一个人去
Did you ever try?	你试过吗
All you have to do is to take care of yourself.	你要做的只是照顾好你自己
I felt hungry after the long walk.	长途步行后我觉得饿了
Prices depend on supply and demand.	价格取决于供给和需求
I am thinking about that matter.	我在想那个问题
I talked to Tom.	我和汤姆说了话
Tom has next to nothing in his wallet.	汤姆的钱包里几乎什么都没有
It just gets worse.	它变糟了
She looked out of the window.	她看了窗外
Don't tell me.	不要告诉我
Eating lunch with you would make me happy.	跟你一起吃午饭会让我高兴
See you about 7.	我们
He played tennis.	他打了网球
You can't blame Tom for getting angry.	你不能怪汤姆生气了
My sister can play the piano better than I can.	我妹妹钢琴可以弹得比我好
He couldn't hold his temper any longer.	他再也忍不住气了
She died on a cold night in December.	她在一个寒冷的十二月晚上死了
Our task has been easy so far, but it will be difficult from now on.	我们的任务到目前为止很轻松
We're fed up with your complaining.	我们受够了你的抱怨
The doctor examined my throat.	医生检查了我的喉咙
Tom's blood pressure is high.	汤姆有高血压
Do you know where I live?	你知道我住哪吗
The ship went up in flames.	船起了火
This factory manufactures CD players.	这家工厂生产
I've lost my new fountain pen.	我把我的新钢笔搞丢了
They'll kill you.	他们要杀你
They hugged each other.	他们互拥
She had a basket full of apples.	她有一整篮的苹果
Tom nearly died tonight.	汤姆昨晚差点死了
Tom was humble.	汤姆曾是谦逊的
What's in front of you?	在你面前是什么东西
I didn't want to surprise you.	我没想吓唬你
I'm thirsty.	我渴了
We're all at risk.	我们都在冒险
I don't read newspapers much.	我不太看报纸
Not knowing what to say, he remained silent.	因为不知道该说什么
Tom deserves to be blamed.	汤姆应当被责备
Would you like another apple?	你要再来颗苹果吗
You should've introduced yourself to the girl.	你应该向那个女孩自我介绍的
We're old friends.	我们是老朋友了
Are you taking any medicine regularly?	你经常服用任何药物吗
Tom couldn't remember what he had done.	汤姆不记得他干过的事
Tom and Mary are in the same class.	汤姆和玛丽在同一个班级
It's not that simple.	它没有那么简单
The price of meat dropped.	肉价下跌了
Computers are capable of doing extremely complicated work.	电脑可以做极为复杂的工作
I'm going to help you rescue Tom.	我要帮你营救汤姆
Tom graduated.	汤姆毕业了
What do you do after school?	你放学以后干什么
Tom told me that I shouldn't ever do that.	汤姆说我绝不该做
I think you know that's not true.	我认为你知道那不是真的
There's bamboo growing in the garden.	花园里有竹子在生长
Never give up.	决不放弃
She bought six yards of cloth for a dress.	她买了六码的布做衣服
His name is known to everybody in this area.	他的名字在这个地区人尽皆知
I don't get it.	我不懂
Wait and see.	走著瞧
He's an author.	他是作家
He will play baseball tomorrow.	他明天将打棒球
They're all the same size.	他们都是一样的大小
She wants to be a designer.	她希望成为一名设计师
I don't have a cat.	我没有猫
Have you seen this man?	您见过这个人吗
The man you saw yesterday is my uncle.	你昨天看到的那个男人是我叔叔
I'm waiting for someone.	我在等待着某个人
She gave the children two apples each.	她给孩子们每人两个苹果
I don't have any money on me.	我身上没有钱
He would often come to see us when I was a child.	当我还是个孩子时
That man stole my wallet.	那男人偷了我的钱包
He divorced his wife last month.	上个月他和妻子离婚了
He was scared you would shoot him.	他害怕你会开枪打他
He is something of a scholar.	他有几分像学者
All aboard!	请上船
The suspect is a caucasian female.	嫌疑人是一位白人女性
He lived to be seventy years old.	他活到了
To the best of my knowledge, the rumor is not true.	据我所知
May I have something hot to drink?	我可以喝一点热的东西吗
Can you teach me to play chess?	您能教我下国际象棋吗
I don't understand what you mean.	我不理解你的意思
Let's find out who sent this to us.	让我们查查谁送给我们这个
Tom doesn't have a dad.	汤姆没有父亲
Not even one taxi stopped.	甚至没有一辆计程车停下来
I don't know for certain when he will come.	我不知道他来这里的确切时间
The girls were asleep.	女孩们睡着了
He sometimes goes to work by car.	他有时开车去上班
It's hard to say.	难讲喔
I admit this may not be the best way of doing it.	我承认这可能不是最好的方法
The market is big.	市场很大
I'm sorry I didn't reply to you sooner.	抱歉
Tom said he wanted to eat Chinese food.	汤姆说他想吃中国菜
I want to ride a horse.	我想骑马
Tom was afraid to ask for help.	汤姆不敢求助
Lincoln died in 1865.	林肯于
He is but a child.	他不过是个孩子
He hates cleaning his room.	他讨厌打扫自己的房间
Money takes a long time to earn, but you can spend it in no time.	钱要花很长的时间来赚
If you don't go, I won't, either.	如果你不去
I wrote her a letter every day.	我一天又一天地给她写信
Asia is roughly four times the size of Europe.	亚洲的大小约四倍于欧洲
I want something cold to drink.	我想喝冷饮
I don't know whether it's good or not.	我不知道它是好是坏
Your question has no answer.	你的问题没有答案
I have time.	我有时间
I had to study hard to keep up with the other students.	我必须努力学习
Without water, we cannot exist.	没有水
We only need water.	我们需要的只有水
Please show me the menu.	请给我菜单
He crossed the river in a small boat.	他乘小船过河
Please show me another one.	请给我看看其他的
I cut myself shaving this morning.	我今天早上刮胡子的时候把自己弄伤了
I am thinking of going abroad.	我在考虑出国
Do you have a camera?	你有照相机吗
I'd like to finish the work on my own.	我想要独立完成工作
If it were not for your help, I could not succeed.	没有你的帮忙
I feel comfortable in his company.	我在他的公司里觉得很舒服
Tom thinks I'm missing this great opportunity.	汤姆认为我要错过这大好机会了
Who are your most interesting friends?	你最有趣的朋友是谁
You ought not to have disclosed the secret.	你本不该透露秘密的
Can you guess what I have?	你们能猜到我有什么吗
Is Tom hurt?	汤姆受伤了吗
Go up the stairs.	上楼
What should I look for?	我应该寻找什么
If you really want to know, why don't you ask Tom?	如果你真的想知道的话
He often eats breakfast there.	他常常在那里吃早餐
Don't translate English into Japanese word for word.	不要逐字逐句的把英文翻译成日文
Where in Turkey do you live?	你在土耳其哪儿生活
I'll telephone you every night.	我每晚都给你打电话
That's a small tree.	那是棵小树
I love you more than you love me.	我爱你多于你爱我
There is a bank in front of the station.	车站前有个银行
He's a strange character.	他的性情古怪
We make milk into cheese and butter.	我们把牛奶制成乳酪和奶油
She finished her work an hour in advance.	她提前一小时完成了工作
Her acting is on the level of a professional.	她的演技堪比专业人士
Tom usually only eats oatmeal for breakfast.	汤姆通常早饭只吃燕麦
Time is money.	时间就是金钱
Explain to him the difficult situation you are in.	给他讲解一下你的困境
We often play chess.	我们经常下棋
The rugged terrain made the troops' advance difficult.	地面高低不平
There's somebody at the door.	有人在门口
That's too bad.	那太糟糕了
Tom lives in a slum.	汤姆住在贫民窟里
I won't see her again.	我不会再见她
I have no place to sleep tonight.	我今晚没地方睡觉
I must've mistyped the number.	我一定是打错号码了
She became a true friend of mine.	她成为我的一位真正的朋友
I know all your secrets.	我知道你所有的秘密
The bridge will be completed by the end of this year.	大桥将在年底完工
She will be glad if you go to see her in person.	如果你单独去看她
There were several rooms still vacant.	还有几间空房
I should've paid closer attention.	我应该多加注意
He presented her with a doll.	他送她一个洋娃娃
We only have tea.	我们只有茶水
You may as well tell me all about it.	你不妨告诉我一切
I'm not famous.	我不出名
Tom is always daydreaming.	Tom	总是在做白日梦
This car handles very easily.	这车容易开
I miss her so much.	我那么想念她
They spoke to me.	他们对我说话了
They forgot to lock the door.	他们忘了锁门
She has no enemies.	她没有敌人
Don't ask me for money.	不要问我要钱
Someone is obviously telling a lie.	显然有人在撒谎
That's my aim.	这是我的目的
The boy is kind.	他是个好孩子
I will finish it by tomorrow afternoon.	明天下午之前我会把它完成
I bought her a new car.	我给她买了辆新车
We're just like brothers.	我们就像兄弟一样
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States.	这将是我环绕美国旅行中一个很好的纪念品
She has gone shopping.	她去购物了
I don't like English.	我不喜欢英语
The party was a success.	晚会很成功
He was drowned.	他被淹死了
Are you free?	你有空吗
I want to keep moving.	我想继续走
Tom was drunk.	汤姆醉了
Somebody had drowned her in the bathtub.	有人把她淹死在浴缸里
I ran as fast as possible.	我跑得尽可能快
I have three cousins.	我有三个堂兄
I think you should make the deal.	我看你该做这交易
Her husband is an excellent cook.	她丈夫是个优秀的厨师
Tom is overweight.	汤姆超重了
You'll be punished if you break the law.	如果你违反了法律
Jeans are now in fashion among girls.	现在女生穿牛仔裤很流行
There's nothing to forgive.	没什么可原谅的
Do you like flying?	你喜欢坐飞机吗
Tom may be able to come tomorrow.	汤姆可能能在明天来
We gazed at the beautiful scenery.	我们望著这美丽的风景
I want to get a haircut before I go on the trip.	我想在出发旅行前剪个头发
I treated her as my own daughter.	我把她当成是我自己的女儿一样对待
Nothing is really guaranteed.	没有甚么是真正有保证的
That book is a new book.	那本书是一本新书
An army marches on its stomach.	胃里如同千军万马开过
They will not pass!	他们不会通过的
Queen Elizabeth I passed away in 1603.	女王伊丽莎白一世于
He spoke for one hour.	他讲了一小时
Why do you work here?	你为什么在这儿工作
Mary reminds me of my mother.	玛丽让我想起我母亲
She does nothing but complain.	她什么都不做只会抱怨
Are you sure that you want to go there?	你确定你要去那儿吗
I like the way you walk.	我喜欢你走路的方式
She didn't appear to recognize me.	她好像没认出我
School begins at eight-thirty.	学校
That wasn't the main reason that Tom needed to do that.	这不是汤姆要做那件事的主要原因
A cup of coffee cost 200 yen in those days.	那时候一杯咖啡要
Did you make this doll by yourself?	这个娃娃是你自己做的吗
He's always running short of cash.	他的现金总是不够用
Tom has expressed similar ideas.	汤姆也表示了相似观点
Call me.	联系我
I need to give you an injection.	我得给你打一针
I'm home.	我在家里
He flew a kite with his son.	他和他的儿子放风筝了
I don't like science.	我不喜欢科学
This is a true story.	这个故事是真的
My uncle has a flower shop near the station.	我叔叔在车站附近有一家花店
Don't believe everything you hear.	不要相信你听到的每件事
I will give you a bicycle for your birthday.	你生日的时候
Aren't you supposed to be at school today?	你今天不是应该在学校的吗
I'm already full, thank you.	我已经吃饱了
Is there a hospital nearby?	这附近有医院吗
I bought this camera yesterday.	我昨天买了这台相机
Let me read the paper when you have finished with it.	报纸看完后借我看下
Where is the elevator?	电梯在哪里
I wish you a Merry Christmas.	祝你圣诞节快乐
She helped her father with the work in the garden.	她帮她爸爸干了花园里的活
Your name was mentioned.	您的名字被提到了
How was the French class?	法语课怎么样
Can you guess my age?	你能猜到我的年龄吗
He was satisfied with the work he had done.	他对自己的劳动成果很满意
Do you know what time it is in Boston?	请问现在波士顿是几点钟
I'm very proud of my father.	我非常以我的父亲为荣
White doves are beautiful birds.	白鸽是种美丽的鸟类
You are interested in computers.	你对电脑感兴趣
Why didn't Tom need to go to Boston?	为什么汤姆不需要去波士顿
The missing cat has not been found yet.	失踪的猫还没被找到
It's really big.	它很大
Don't laugh at him for making a mistake.	不要因为他犯了一个错误就嘲笑他
People have been buying me drinks all night.	人们整晚都在给我买饮料
Who painted this beautiful picture?	谁画了这幅美丽的图画
We just want to find Tom.	我们只是想找
I'm first.	我是第一
He gave me a lecture on drinking.	他因我喝酒而训斥我
He always takes sides with her.	他总是支持她
There's no light without shade, and no shade without light.	不存在没有阴影的光明
This is bizarre.	真奇怪
Stay sharp.	保持警惕
He participated in the debate.	他参加辩论
All subscriptions must be paid before the end of this year.	所有订购必须在今年年底前支付款项
We climbed the mountain last year.	我们去年爬上了这座山
I doubt his story.	我怀疑他的故事
What is on the desk?	桌子上有什么
This extension cord is too short.	这条延长线太短了
I wonder if they'll get divorced.	我不知道他们是否会离婚
Do you have medical insurance?	你有医疗保险吗
He is not as intelligent as his older brother.	他不像他的兄长那样聪明
How old are your parents?	您父母多大岁数了
She talked as she walked.	她边走边谈
I had my composition corrected by the teacher.	我把我的作文拿给老师订正
My city is fifty kilometres from the capital.	我的城市离首都五十千米
It's time for bed.	睡觉时间到了
She gave me plenty to eat.	她给了我很多吃的东西
None of the money is yours.	这些钱都不是你的
Have you answered that letter yet?	你回信了吗
They became very nervous.	他们变得很紧张
I was at home then.	那个时候
I've always been proud of you.	我一直以您为荣
A whale is a mammal.	鲸鱼是哺乳动物
For here, or to go?	内用还是外带
She and I are classmates.	她和我是同学
Can I eat this orange?	我能吃这只橙子吗
We found it very hard going back to our base camp in the blizzard.	暴风雪使得我们难以返回营地
I felt lonely.	我觉得很孤独
I have to speak with you immediately.	我必须马上和你说话
I'd rather not go there alone.	我宁可不要单独去那里
Our teacher gives us a lot of homework.	我们的老师给作业给得很多
I'm glad we hired you for this job.	我很高兴我们录用了你来担任这份工作
Our team scored the first goal.	我们队进了第一个球
How did you get to know him?	你是怎么认识他的
He was sitting there.	他之前坐在这里
Tom isn't stupid.	汤姆不傻
I used to play tennis in high school.	我高中时曾打网球
Let me see that.	让我看看
He runs a supermarket in the town.	他在这个镇上经营一家超级市场
I prefer cats to dogs.	与狗相比
It's time to go to sleep.	睡觉时间到了
She was often late for school.	她经常上学迟到
Keep off the grass.	不要踩草地
The young man put out his hand and I shook it.	年轻人伸出他的手
Do you have any friends who are doctors?	你有朋友是医生吗
How's business?	生意怎么样
I'm at work now, so I'll call you later.	我现在在上班
Tom doesn't know the difference between Iraq and Iran.	汤姆不知道伊拉克和伊朗有什么区别
He doesn't tan.	他晒不黑
How much time do you estimate it'll take you to do that?	你估计做那件事需要花费你多少时间呢
It's not necessary to answer that letter.	没有必要回那封信
I like traveling.	我喜欢旅行
Tom wondered what he could do.	汤姆不知道他能做什么
What's her name?	她叫什么
Speak clearly and make yourself heard.	讲清楚并大声地让别人听到你说话
Can I help you?	我能帮你吗
We left home early in the morning.	我们早上很早就离开家了
We're waiting for the right time.	我们在等对的时机
How heavy is your suitcase?	您的行李箱有多重
Tom speaks Japanese better than the Japanese do.	汤姆的日语比日本人说得还要好
You're too generous.	你太大方了
She spends her free time making dolls.	她利用空闲时间做布娃娃
I am afraid of dogs.	我怕狗
What do you like doing in your free time?	您空闲时间喜欢做什么
I know who you all are.	我知道你们都是谁
I couldn't remember ever having met her.	我不记得曾经见过她
Excuse me, may I open the window?	不好意思
I think that Tom lied to us.	我觉得汤姆对我们撒谎了
What you said is baloney.	你说的东西是胡扯
We live in the United States.	我们住在美国
I'm afraid that you'll have to go in person.	我恐怕您必须亲自去
He earned as much money as possible.	他能赚多少就赚多少
What's the matter with you?	你到底怎么回事嘛
It's awfully hot today.	今天非常热
Tom was sick in bed last Sunday.	汤姆上周日卧病在床
Go wash up.	去洗洗吧
He no longer works here.	他不再工作于此
This is tofu.	这是豆腐
Everything is ready.	一切就绪
Keep the dog out.	别让狗进来
Tom spent most of the morning straightening up his office.	汤姆花了大半早晨整理办公室
This boy is my son.	这个男孩是我儿子
Have you and Tom talked about what happened?	你跟汤姆谈过发生了什么吗
Tom said Mary likes to drive.	汤姆说玛丽喜欢驾车
It rained three times during the trip.	这次旅途下了三场雨
I heard the children's happy voices.	我听到孩子们开心的声音
I don't feel like eating sushi.	我不想吃寿司
Happiness can't be bought.	幸福是买不到的
Who wrote these two letters?	谁写了这两封信
I was at the theater.	我在剧场
The orange left a strange taste in my mouth.	橙子在我嘴里留下了一种奇怪的味道
Tom needed treatment.	汤姆需要接受治疗
Tom got rid of his old books.	汤姆扔掉了他的旧书
Earthquakes frequently hit Japan.	地震频繁地袭击日本
This cake tastes like it has cheese in it.	这块蛋糕尝起来有奶酪的味道
Will you take part in the ceremony?	你会参加这个仪式吗
Give me a little money.	给我一点钱
What time is it?	现在几点了
I'm glad to make your acquaintance.	我很高兴能够认识您
Do you know Tom's address?	你有汤姆的住址吗
Dust got into one of my eyes.	灰尘钻进了我的一只眼睛
Frankly speaking, I don't agree with you.	实话说
I'm under so much pressure, I just want to cry.	我压力好大
I looked him in the eyes.	我直视他的眼睛
Do you have to make dinner?	你必须做晚饭吗
I've finally got the whole set!	我终于拥有了一整套
My father takes a walk every morning.	我父亲每天早上去散步
Although I was tired, I did what I was able to do.	虽然我很累
Do you have a favorite color?	你有喜欢的颜色吗
May we swim here?	我们能在这里游泳吗
How long have you lived in Boston?	你在波士顿住了多久
Ask Tom if you have any doubt.	你如果有疑问
He became famous.	他出名了
Will you please show me the way?	请你告诉我路怎么走好吗
I'm getting off at the next station.	我下一站下车
I go to the country every summer.	我每年夏天都去乡下
The air conditioner in the lab is broken.	实验室里的空调坏了
The plane flew over the mountain.	这架飞机飞越了这座山
I always kept my promises.	我一直信守我的诺言
He sang some old songs.	他唱了些老歌
I live near here.	我住在这附近
I'll be seeing you.	我会见到你
I can't bend my right arm.	我无法弯曲我的右手臂
Have a good look at this picture.	好好看这张照片
He towers above the rest of the class.	他在班上出类拔萃
Mastering a foreign language involves a lot of patience.	学好一门外语需要坚韧不拔的毅力
It's getting cloudy. It may rain soon.	云愈来愈多
Tom is waiting in the living room.	汤姆正在客厅里等着
Beware of pickpockets.	小心扒手
Have you finished reading that book yet?	你读完那本书了吗
Do you have an extra English dictionary by any chance?	您碰巧有一本额外的英文字典吗
We should all sleep easier now.	我们现在都该早点睡
I'm Tom's father.	我是汤姆的父亲
Please let me go.	请让我走
If her nose were a little shorter, she would be quite pretty.	若她的姿态能再低一点就更完美了
He had his sister help him paint the wall of his room.	他让妹妹帮他涂他房间的墙
His hobby is collecting old stamps.	他的兴趣爱好是收集旧邮票
The address on this parcel is wrong.	这个包裹上的地址是错的
I crossed the equator for the first time on my trip to Australia.	我去澳大利亚旅游的时候第一次穿越了赤道
What time is it by your watch?	你表上是几点
We have to pull the weeds.	我们必须拔除杂草
Tom is really handsome.	汤姆真帅
Look at me when I talk to you!	我跟你说话的时候看着我
Deal us the cards.	发牌给我们
Europeans like to drink wine.	欧洲人喜欢喝酒
I need more room.	我需要更多空间
It's no longer snowing.	雪停了
Our fridge is broken.	我们的冰箱坏了
Please sing.	请唱歌
It doesn't matter what you think.	你怎么想无关紧要
I am staying at the hotel for the time being.	目前我待在酒店
Can we trust them?	我们能信任他们吗
I am not certain about that.	对于那个
Tom turned up the TV.	汤姆把电视调大声
My sleep was disturbed by the sound.	那声音搅了我的美梦
That shop sells newspapers and magazines.	那家店卖报纸和杂志
He is my youngest brother.	他是我最年轻的兄弟
It's a whole new ball game for me.	这个球类游戏对我来说是全新的
English is spoken in Canada.	在加拿大的人说英语
He thinks that he is a great poet.	他自认为他自己是个伟大的诗人
I'm shivering with cold.	我的身体被冻得瑟瑟发抖
I'm a big football fan.	我是足球的忠实粉丝
Tom gave us everything we needed.	汤姆把我们需要的一切都给我们了
He confessed to the murder.	他供认了杀人的罪行
Did you hear about the fire yesterday?	你听说了昨天的火灾吗
People who break the law are punished.	触犯法律的人受到惩罚
We didn't get an apology.	我们没有收到过道歉
How long would it take to swim across the river?	游过这条河要多久
What you see is what you get.	你看到什么拿什么
We can't go outside because it's raining.	因为下雨
Father is going to undergo an operation.	父亲将会接受手术
He is the man you met the other day.	他是你前些时候见过的那个人
Her suggestion seems to have been turned down.	她的建议好像被拒绝了
Here is the bill.	这是账单
Do you smoke?	您吸烟吗
I didn't like beer at that time.	那时候我不喜欢啤酒
I'd like to see your father.	我想去看你的父亲
There are no comments yet.	还没有任何评论
Swimming makes your legs strong.	游泳使腿部强健
He did everything he could for his child.	他为自己的孩子能做的都做了
He got 90% in English.	他英文得到了九十分
He knows how to play the piano.	他知道如何弹钢琴
Tom isn't yet finished.	汤姆还没完成
She found her purse under the desk.	她发现她的钱包在桌子底下
No one voted against it.	没有人投反对票
The police accused him of murder.	警方指控他谋杀
I don't like to leave things up in the air.	我不喜欢让事情悬而未决
True friendship is based on mutual trust.	真正的友谊建立在彼此信任的基础上
Something is wrong with my watch.	我的表出了毛病
What'll you do?	你要做什么
I'm sore all over.	我全身酸痛
I've got time.	我有时间
I am willing to take your offer.	我愿意接受你的报价
I speak English every day.	我每天都说英语
She is older and wiser now.	她现在更加年长也更加有智慧
They are discussing the problem.	他们正在讨论这个问题
This isn't my key.	这不是我的钥匙
None of this would've been necessary if we'd followed Tom's advice.	如果我们照了汤姆的话去做这一切都是没必要的
We have the same problem.	你的问题和我的一样
I'd like to be alone if you don't mind.	如果你不介意的话
Beer bottles are made of glass.	啤酒瓶是玻璃做的
Could you please talk a bit louder? I can't hear very well.	你能大声点讲吗
Everyone knew Tom was the one who did it.	大家都知道是汤姆做的
Let's ask if it's true.	让我们来问问这是不是真的
America was discovered by Columbus in 1492.	美国在
You owe me a favor.	你欠我一个人情
I'm telling you the truth.	我在告诉你真相
When does the movie start?	电影什么时候开始
The polar bears are dying.	北极熊正在死去
They were both drunk.	他们两个都喝醉了
Take a breath and hold it.	深吸一口气然后屏住气
The French lost the battle of Waterloo.	法国人在滑铁卢之役吃了败仗
I think Tom is optimistic.	我认为汤姆乐观
I'm a man.	我是个男人
Your behavior is intolerable.	你的行为让人无法忍受
I understand your feelings.	我明白你的感受
I had an accident at work.	我出了工伤
I live near the sea, so I often go to the beach.	我住在海边所以经常去海滩
She told him she wanted a divorce.	她告诉他说
His concert was great.	他的演唱会很棒
Everyone was fine.	大家都还行
I had difficulty working out the problem.	我在解决这个问题上有困难
If you need my advice, I'd be glad to give it to you.	如果你需要我的建议
How dare you speak like that!	你怎么敢这样说话
Run.	你用跑的
I forgot what his name was.	我忘记他叫什么名字了
Why did you use up all the money?	为什么你花了所有钱
I ran into Tom at the supermarket.	我在超市碰到了汤姆
The hunter killed the fox.	猎人杀死了狐狸
I would like to have some more water.	请再给我一些水
He is going to leave tomorrow afternoon.	他将在明天下午离开
Mary loses her temper easily.	玛丽很容易发脾气
Tom sneaked up behind Mary.	汤姆鬼鬼祟祟地遛近了玛丽身后
I don't lie.	我不说谎
I need a bigger box.	我需要个更大的箱子
You needn't have taken an umbrella with you.	你其实没必要带伞
I'll be back by seven or eight o'clock.	我会在七八点回家
Why do you need my help?	你为甚么需要我帮助
I don't like to be alone.	我不喜欢独处
Tom likes sitting on the floor.	汤姆喜欢坐在地上
The economy is picking up.	经济在复苏之中
I don't like the way you laugh at her.	我不喜欢你嘲笑她的方式
Your suggestion is worth considering.	你的提议值得考虑
I don't like studying.	我不喜欢学习
The bridge is being repaired.	桥处于修理中
He stayed at his aunt's house.	他呆在他阿姨家
My grandfather is very healthy.	我的祖父非常健康
How annoying!	真烦人
We should tell children how to protect themselves.	我们应该告诉孩子怎么保护自己
My ideas are different from yours.	我的想法和你的不同
Please write with a pen.	请用钢笔写
Don't disappoint him.	别让他失望
This one's yours.	这个是你的
I really like my coworkers.	我确实喜欢我的同事
He has done it before.	他以前做过
Tom started running towards the house.	汤姆开始向房子跑去
I am not happy.	我不高兴
Why are you so happy?	你为什么那么高兴
The children were well looked after.	孩子们被照顾得很好
The bucket was full of water.	这个桶装满了水
I'm tired of listening to Tom.	我厌倦了听汤姆说话
He was busy with his homework.	他忙于做功课
Children and drunks don't lie.	小孩和酒鬼不撒谎
They wash their hands with soap.	他们用肥皂洗手
Skip it.	不管它
She mistook me for my brother.	她把我误认为是我的兄弟
Neither Tom nor I did that.	汤姆和我都没有那么做
Who is your favorite actor?	你最喜欢的演员是谁
Good afternoon.	下午好
Why do you resent me?	你为什么恨我
Tom often goes cross-country skiing.	Tom	经常滑雪穿过城市
I've enjoyed reading this novel.	我喜欢读这本小说
He always quarrels with his wife.	他总是与他的妻子吵架
Nice timing.	好时机
I'm not like Tom.	我跟汤姆不一样
I'll bring one more towel.	我再拿块毛巾过来
Ask Tom again.	再问一下汤姆吧
I'm really scared of spiders.	我真怕蜘蛛
What would you do if you had ten thousand dollars?	如果你有一万美元
A parrot can mimic a person's voice.	鹦鹉会模仿人的声音
I'm just another man.	我只是个大众脸
Let me carry your suitcase.	让我来拿你的行李
I don't want to go to school.	我不想去学校
They gave him up for lost.	他们为失败放弃了他
I'm getting off at the next station.	我会在下一站下车
The news distressed her.	新闻使她不安
Your friendship means a lot to me.	你的友谊对我来说意义重大
I'll study your report.	我会研究你的报告
Don't you love each other?	你们不爱彼此吗
The hunter shot the fox dead.	猎人射杀了狐狸
Do you really want Tom to suffer?	你真想让汤姆受苦吗
I'm afraid I've offended you.	我怕我冒犯了你
Pride comes before a fall.	骄傲是失败的先行者
She made fun of her husband.	她取笑了她的丈夫
I can't let you in here.	我不能让你进来这里
Tom told me he had a right to see it.	汤姆告诉我他有权看它
See you then.	到时候见
Can you speak English?	你们会说英语吗
I'm not turning back.	我不回去
You should have attended the meeting.	你应该参加这个会议的
They only sell women's shoes here.	这里只卖女鞋
I think you're ready.	我认为你准备好了
You will fail.	你会失败
I'll ask Tom to help us.	我会请汤姆来帮助我们
I'll show you the way.	我会为你带路
I can't get away from work now.	我现在在工作无法离开
I want to go abroad someday.	将来我要去国外旅游
Could you help me?	您能帮我吗
He is my old friend.	他是我的一位老朋友
The company will soon go bankrupt.	公司很快就要倒闭了
Tom has been really busy recently.	汤姆最近相当忙
What is your phone number?	您的手机号码是多少
Birds lay eggs.	鸟下蛋
I've been busy writing a short story.	我一直忙于写一部短篇小说
The workers are on strike.	工人罢工
If you have a question, please raise your right hand.	如果有问题
She eats nothing but vegetables.	她只吃蔬菜
He is wearing gloves.	他戴着手套
I found the book very interesting.	我觉得这本书非常有趣
You've got a visitor.	你有客人
English has spread all over the country.	英语已经普及全国
I can't stand him.	我受不了他
Banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers.	银行对风险客户收取较高的贷款利息
I almost drowned.	我差点被淹死
Tom used to eat a lot of junk food.	汤姆以前经常吃很多垃圾食品
Tom came over to my house for dinner yesterday.	汤姆昨天来我家吃晚饭
Would you like some of those pictures?	你想要那些照片中的一些吗
Playing tennis is fun.	打网球很有趣
They became friends in elementary school.	他们在小学时就是朋友了
I guess they really weren't so happy.	我猜他们真的不太高兴
I want you to relax.	我要你放松一下
Do you have something that you want to say to me?	您有什么事想对我说吗
How high can you jump?	您能跳多高
After walking for an hour, we stopped to take a rest.	走了一个小时后
Have you chosen a major yet?	你选好专业了吗
Mary wore a simple white dress.	玛丽穿了一条朴素的白裙子
I don't know who he is.	我不知道他是谁
The TV remote control is under the couch.	电视遥控器在沙发下面
I don't think she is happy.	我觉得她不开心
Japan is not as big as Canada.	日本不像加拿大那么大
The job is half done.	这项工作已经完成了一半
Everyone in her class likes her.	她班上的每个人都喜欢她
Are you a student?	你是学生吗
Is there anything you can do?	有什么事是你能做的吗
Where are those posters now?	那些海报现在都到哪里去了
She kept crying all night long.	她一整晚都在哭
Things are totally different now.	现在全都不一样了
He is always laughing.	他总是在笑
Turn on the radio.	打开收音机
I think my right arm is broken.	我想我的右手臂断了
Tom wasn't injured.	汤姆没受伤
It is important for old people to stay strong.	老人保持强健很重要
Don't you have to work?	你不用工作吗
I couldn't agree with his opinion.	我不同意他的看法
I wake him up at 6 every morning.	我每天早上
Where's the cook?	厨师在哪里
How about tomorrow night at nine?	明天晚上九点怎么样
My brother is very important. At least he thinks he is.	我弟弟非常重要
Last night there was a full moon.	昨晚是满月
You must not eat too much.	你不该吃太多
The compass points to the north.	指南针指向北边
Will it snow tonight?	今晚会下雪吗
It was overcast yesterday.	昨天是多云
We loaded a lot of luggage into the car.	我们往车里装了很多行李
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day.	情况一天比一天差
The train leaves at six.	火车
I don't want to talk about the weather.	我不想谈论天气
I'm not very interested in artificial languages.	我对人造语言不是很感兴趣
She is married to an American.	她嫁给了美国人
Is there any possibility of his resigning?	他有可能辞职吗
We'll find a solution, I'm sure.	我们会找到解决办法的
It's difficult to quit smoking.	戒烟难
Elephants live in Asia and Africa.	大象生活在亚洲和非洲
She was surprised that he showed up.	她很惊讶他出现了
That's none of your business.	那不关你的事
You can't be a blood donor.	你不能成为献血者
I'm a teacher.	我是个老师
Why did you stay?	你为什么留下
You are as tall as I am.	你和我一样高
It was one of the best nights I've had.	这是我度过的最好的夜晚之一
Rice grows in warm countries.	稻米生长在温暖的国家
We climbed Mt. Fuji last summer.	去年夏天我们爬了富士山
Tom is one of the most disagreeable people I know.	Tom	是我认识最讨厌的人之一
Tom lost his balance and fell.	Tom	失去平衡并跌到了
It's time for a break.	是时候休息一下了
My house is here.	我家在这里
You could've answered that question.	你本来可以回答那问题
What's her name?	她叫什么名字
There's been an accident.	曾经有一个意外
Both his father and mother are dead.	他的父母亲都去世了
Tom is coming next week.	汤姆下周会来
I was surprised to see a lion.	我很惊讶竟然看到了狮子
Mother made a doll for me.	妈妈给我做了一个洋娃娃
I was really moved by this.	这件事真的感动到我了
I weighed myself on the bathroom scales.	我用浴室的体重计量了体重
"When will you come back?" "It all depends on the weather."	“	你什么时候回来呀
Everybody laughed.	大家笑了
TV plays an important part in everyday life.	电视在日常生活中起着重要的作用
Put the gun on the table.	把枪放在桌子上
Tom didn't know what he'd say to Mary.	汤姆不知道他要对玛丽说甚么
We swam until it got dark.	我们游泳到天黑
There is one way.	有个办法
How many CDs do you have?	你有多少张
We've got to get you some help.	我们不得不给你一点帮助了
One of the children left the door open.	其中一个孩子让门开著
She's a woman of strong character.	她是一个性格坚强的女人
Pride cometh before a fall.	骄兵必败
We talked over the phone.	我们电话里说
Does anyone know Tom?	有人认识汤姆吗
He got accustomed to the new way of living.	他适应了新的生活方式
She is a mere child.	她只是个孩子
This makes me angry.	这让我愤怒
Everybody looks up to Tom.	每个人都看向汤姆
You must keep your eyes open.	你得留意一下
Tom looked a little frightened.	汤姆看来受了点惊吓
Do you guys want to go with me?	你们要和我一起去吗
She got wet to the skin.	她浑身湿透了
Does the letter need to be written in English?	这封信需要用英文写吗
We're classmates.	我们是同学
I want to call my family.	我想给家人打电话
My brother lives in a small village.	我哥住在一座小村庄里
She speaks Chinese.	她讲中文
I've always kept my word.	我一直遵守我的诺言
Why did you come here?	你为什么来这里
Did your uncle let you drive his car?	你叔叔让你开他的车了吗
He decided to quit smoking.	他决定戒烟了
You're the one who decided to do this job, right?	你是决定做这个工作的那个人
He likes hunting.	他喜欢打猎
Why are you giving me this money?	你为什么给我这些钱
I have more experience than Tom.	我比汤姆更有经验
How long will you be staying here?	您将在这里待多久
I helped my brother move his desk.	我帮我弟弟搬了他的书桌
Who is playing the piano?	谁在弹钢琴
We didn't have much rain last month.	上个月我们这儿没有下很多雨
They are talking about music.	他们在谈音乐
Tom looked pretty good.	汤姆看起来很帅
I woke up with a headache this morning.	今天早晨被头给疼醒了
Mary has beautiful brown eyes.	玛丽的褐色眼睛很美
Tom is just a little nervous.	汤姆就是有点紧张
Are you a high school student?	你是高中生吗
The explorers discovered a skeleton in the cave.	探险家们在洞穴里发现了骸骨
Tom wants to talk.	汤姆想说话
She's my type.	她是我的菜
I really like to read.	我真喜欢阅读
You are so stupid.	你真傻
Tom is in the other room drinking vodka.	Tom	在别的房间喝伏特加
Tom didn't have any family.	过去汤姆没有家
What's your native language?	你的母语是什么
My job is washing dishes.	我的工作是洗盘子
Have you taken your medicine yet?	您已经吃过药了吗
Would you pass me the salt?	请你把盐递给我好吗
I studied around the clock.	我夜以继日地读书
Tom doesn't trust the police.	汤姆并不信任警察
I spent 10 dollars on it.	我在这东西上花了十美元
Where is the coffee shop?	这家咖啡馆在哪里
Everyone knows the law.	大家都知道这个法律
That is mine.	那是我的
Hi, my name's Tom. What's yours?	你好
You are taller than me.	你们比我还高
There are exceptions to every rule.	每条规则都有例外
Which one will he choose?	他会选哪个
Please let me go.	请允许我去
Basketball is a lot of fun.	篮球可真是有意思
She always gets her own way.	她总是随心所欲
I ran as fast as possible.	我尽可能地跑快一点
We went into the red last year.	我们去年遇到了赤字
I am cold.	我冷
I know that he was busy.	我知道他忙
I found the test difficult.	我觉得这个测试很难
That's my final answer.	这是我的最终回答
She mistook my brother for me.	她把我哥哥误认为我
I'm very happy to hear about the party.	我听到聚会的事很高兴
He drank very little of the water.	他喝很少的水
Tom has admitted he was there that night.	汤姆承认他那晚是在那里
Will it be necessary for us to buy a book for this class?	我们有必要为上这门课买本教材吗
He dropped his books on the floor.	他的书掉在地板上了
I still don't know your name.	我到现在还是不知道你的名字
Beware of thieves.	注意小偷
You cannot purchase this medicine without a prescription.	那个药的话没有处方是买不到的
Have any letters arrived for me?	到的有我的信吗
I don't think I ordered that.	我觉得我没有下命令
I think we should lower the price.	我觉得我们得调低价格
He is the baby of the family.	他是家里的宝贝
Broccoli is one of the healthiest vegetables.	西蓝花是最健康的蔬菜之一
The manager approved our plan.	经理批准了我们的计划
I majored in chemistry at the university.	我在大学主修化学
How much does this cost?	多少钱
How many boys are there in this class?	这个班有多少男生
Give me my money.	把我的钱给我
God is everywhere.	神无处不在
Tom said Mary is shy.	汤姆说玛丽害羞
Tom is a very talented writer.	汤姆是个很有才华的作家
I have lost my watch.	我把我的表丢了
Most students walk to school.	大多数学生步行去学校
Those twins look like two peas in a pod.	这对双胞胎长得一模一样
That film's really interesting.	那部电影很有意思
The company's going to go bankrupt really soon.	公司很快就要倒闭了
Shut the door, please.	请关上门
I can't swim well.	我不擅长游泳
I think it's time for me to buy a house.	我想我该是时候买间房子了
He likes watching TV.	他喜欢看电视
They deserve it.	这是他们应得的
Don't yell at me.	别对著我吼
This problem is hard to solve.	这是个很难解决的问题
Tom comforted Mary.	汤姆安慰了玛丽
She forgot to mail the letter.	她忘了寄信
We're looking for him.	我们在找他
Due to the worsening weather, the departure was delayed.	由于天气变差
She made cookies for the children.	她给孩子们做了曲奇
He is used to traveling.	他习惯了旅行
I discovered the truth.	我发现了真相
If you won a million yen, what would you do?	如果你中了一百万日元的奖
Have a nice trip!	旅途愉快
That person doesn't want to do anything.	那人甚么也不想做
My house is near the station.	我家离火车站很近
Tom is an unknown artist.	Tom	是个不知名的艺术家
His wife comes from California.	他太太来自于加利福尼亚州
How should I know?	我怎么知道
I wanted to go to the concert.	我本想去参加音乐会的
I do not quite agree with you.	我不太同意你的看法
Tom was victorious.	汤姆胜利了
Tom hasn't finished yet.	汤姆还没完成
I am curious.	我很好奇
Thank you for your advice.	谢谢你的建议
Cuff him.	把他铐上
This book is full of errors.	这本书充满了错误
They made fun of Mary.	他们取笑玛丽
I've deleted the app.	我删除了这个应用
I have lost my umbrella.	我丢了我的伞
Let's drive to the lake.	让我们开车到湖边
Whose fault is that?	是谁的错呢
I will say something about it.	我会谈谈它
Tom went down the hill.	汤姆走下山坡
Tom said Mary hit him.	汤姆说玛丽打他
I'm expecting someone.	我在等待着某个人
Don't you want to go out?	你不想出去吗
This is the place where the battle of Hastings took place.	这里曾是黑斯廷斯战役的战场
Is there a bus stop nearby?	这附近有公交站吗
Tom asked me about you.	汤姆向我问起你
The drug problem is international.	毒品是国际性的问题
Tom says that he's willing to help.	汤姆说他愿意帮忙
You didn't tell me Mary was so beautiful.	你没告诉我玛丽这么漂亮
I don't like your friends.	我不喜欢你朋友
Do you have any drinks?	有什么喝的吗
You should apologize to Dad for not coming home in time for supper.	你应该为你没有及时回家吃晚餐向你父亲道歉
She left her son alone in the car.	她把她儿子忘在车里
Her feelings are easily hurt.	她很容易受到感情上的伤害
She attempted suicide.	她企图自杀
He is a biologist.	他是一个生物学家
The castle is beautiful.	这个城堡好美
They never tell a lie.	他们从不说谎
It seems that he's happy.	看来
I can understand what she is saying.	我能了解她在说什么
We built a fire on the beach.	我们在沙滩上起了火
We think that he's honest.	我们认为他诚实
Is this your daughter?	这是你的女儿吗
He's a bit energetic.	他有点活泼
Where should I put my laundry?	我应该把我要洗的衣服放在哪里
Tell me you didn't do this.	你确定没有这么做吧
Unbelievable!	难以置信
You won't be able to see anything without a flashlight.	没有手电筒的话你什么都看不到
He decided to marry her.	他决定娶她
I was invited to their wedding.	我被邀请参加他们的婚礼
She got her daughter a personal computer.	她给她的女儿买了一台个人电脑
I felt cold and uncomfortable the entire night.	我整个晚上觉得又冷又不舒服
I always thought that Tom was a bit different.	我以前总认为汤姆是有一些与众不同的
Tom was sobbing.	汤姆在啜泣
Do you not understand basic logic?	你不懂基本逻辑吗
Would you pass the salt, please?	请你把盐递过来好吗
The taxi has arrived.	出租车到了
She told me to open the window.	她告诉我把窗户打开
What does PTA stand for?	PTA	代表什么意思
I know you're richer than I am.	我知道你比我有钱
It was truly depressing.	真的令人丧气
Do you know him?	你认识他吗
Tom did a lot of great things.	汤姆做了许多大事
He asked me whether I like math.	他问我喜不喜欢数学
Give me some paper to write on.	给我一些纸来写字
This book will be very useful to us.	这本书会对我们有很大用处
This is surprising.	这是令人吃惊的
Today I feel better than I did yesterday.	我今天感觉比昨天好
Definitely!	必须的
Turn off the television. I can't concentrate.	把电视关掉
He is acquainted with my wife.	他是我太太认识的一个人
Besides the piano, can you play any other instruments?	除了钢琴以外
Are you coming tomorrow?	你明天要来吗
Wine is made from grapes.	葡萄酒是用葡萄做成的
She is giving a party tonight.	她今晚举行派对
Go on with your work.	继续工作
You owe me an apology for that.	关于那件事你欠我一个道歉
My camera is waterproof.	我的照相机是防水的
I couldn't get to sleep.	我无法入睡
Japan is smaller than Canada.	日本比加拿大小
You are a woman.	你是个女人
Tom has three other dogs.	汤姆还另有三条狗
He avenged his father's death.	他为他父亲的死报仇
He crossed the Pacific Ocean in thirty days.	他用
I don't know, nor do I care.	我不知道
Wake up!	醒醒
There's an urgent need for medical supplies.	急需医疗用品
I'm really surprised you got a prize.	我很惊讶你得了奖
I want to live here.	我想住在这里
Where does he live?	他住在哪里
Are there any other suggestions?	还有其他建议吗
Tom was a little overweight when he was a child.	汤姆在小时候有点超重
She introduced me to her brother.	她把我介绍给她的弟弟认识
I'm always here.	我一直在这里
She was beautiful when she was young.	她年轻时很美丽
Who's Tom's girlfriend?	汤姆的女朋友是谁
She always gets lost.	她总是迷路
Every cloud has a silver lining.	每朵云都披著银衣
Tom wanted to take a shower.	汤姆想洗个澡
Please knock on the door.	请敲门
This book was easy.	这本书很容易
She lived at 56 Russell Square.	她住在罗素广场
She managed to keep up appearances.	她设法保住面子
It isn't hard to understand.	不难理解
I caught him stealing the money.	我抓到他偷钱
She walked slowly so she wouldn't slip.	她慢慢地走
I've just been to my uncle's house.	我刚刚去了我叔叔家
He grasped the rope with two hands.	他用两只手抓住了绳子
Do you like to drink wine?	你喜欢喝红酒吗
Have you ever seen a UFO?	你看过飞碟吗
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't cry.	汤姆知道玛丽不会哭
I don't smoke.	我不抽烟
Tom seems to speak French better than before.	汤姆讲法语好像比以前好
They are at lunch.	他们在吃午饭
I'm really not happy about it.	我对此真不高兴
He pretended that he was a lawyer.	他假装是一位律师
That movie is for children.	那部电影是给小孩看的
It looks like a duck.	它看起来像一只鸭子
Go at once, otherwise you will be late.	立刻走
He doesn't know English at all.	他一点也不懂英语
I have high blood pressure.	我有高血压
I can't stand that noise any longer.	我不能再忍受那噪音了
You don't deserve the salary they're paying you.	你不应该得到他们给你的薪水
There were a lot of people in the park.	公园里有很多人
This isn't what I ordered.	这不是我点的食物
The radio is a bit loud.	收音机的声音有点响
There are seven men and four women in my section.	在我的部门里有七男四女
Tom let Mary go home.	汤姆让玛丽回家
I have no intention of asking him.	我不想问他
Do you like English?	你喜欢英语吗
Do you eat rice in your country?	在你们国家吃米饭吗
I don't know whether she will come.	我不知道她是否会来
You're the smartest person that I know.	你是我所知道的最聪明的人
It is less humid today than it was yesterday.	今天没有昨天潮湿
How about some Spanish food?	你觉得西班牙料理怎么样
The economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry.	这个岛的经济依靠的是渔业
Tom should have plenty of time.	汤姆应该有很多时间
What about you?	您呢
Which way is the beach?	去海滩走哪条路
I could see that.	我能看见
Birds build nests.	鸟儿筑巢
Who's the man playing the violin?	那个正在拉小提琴的男人是谁
I hope no one saw me dancing.	我希望没人看见我跳舞
The door was locked from within.	这门从里面被反锁了
Please tell me about your trip.	请告诉我有关你旅行的事
I have to get to sleep! I've got classes tomorrow.	我必须去睡觉了
We just have to make sure Tom is planning to be here.	我们只是需要确认
I can do it myself.	我可以自己做
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive.	我母亲有驾照
I gave her her dictionary back.	我把她的字典还给了她
What does everybody else think?	其他人怎么想
Even children can read this book.	即使是小孩也能读这本书
Don't go to extremes.	别走极端
The girl was always following her mother.	那女孩不管到哪儿都跟著母亲
He made his son a chair.	他做了一把椅子给他儿子
It's all the same to me.	对我来说都一样
Tom doesn't eat red meat.	汤姆不吃红肉
What a strong wind!	多么强的风啊
Did you get the package that I sent you?	你收到我寄给你的包裹了吗
Tom left his sunglasses on the dashboard of my car.	汤姆把他的太阳镜留在我的车的仪表板上了
Tom had a heart attack last year.	汤姆去年得了心脏病
He has no reason to be late.	他迟到没有理由
This medicine has no side effects.	这药没有副作用
I saw him sawing a tree.	我看见他正在锯一棵树
Do you want something to eat?	你想吃点东西吗
He was paid 10,000 dollars.	有人付给他
You have such beautiful, hazel eyes.	你有如此美丽的淡褐色眼睛
How you've grown!	你长这么大了
Please sit down.	请坐下
Which one do you think is correct?	你认为哪一个是正确的
Who is that person?	那人谁啊
Come inside.	进来
Get them before they get us.	在他们控制我们之前
You took the wrong key.	你拿错钥匙了
You have nice skin.	你的皮肤真好
You can't park around here.	你不能在这附近停车
Go outside and play now.	现在出去玩吧
They say that love is blind.	人们说爱情是盲目的
When does the next train leave?	下一班火车什么时候开
I feel like everybody's watching me.	我感觉大家都在关注我
I need a taxi.	我需要一辆出租车
They all looked for the lost child.	他们都在寻找这个失踪的孩子
He's a biologist.	他是一个生物学家
Armenian is an Indo-European language.	亚美尼亚语是一门印欧语言
Can you come?	你能来吗
He plays tennis very well.	他打网球打得很好
She managed to finish the work on her own.	她想方设法以一己之力完成了工作
Will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me?	您能为我解释这句句子的意思吗
May I share this table with you?	我可以跟你共用这张桌子吗
I believe in ghosts.	我信鬼神之说
If you don't give it back to him, he'll be angry!	要是你不还给他
I need to know what you know.	我需要知道你知道的事
Sometimes I go, sometimes I don't.	有时我去
Mary spoke Japanese slowly.	玛丽日语说得很慢
I've never heard of this actor.	我从没听说过这个演员
He risked losing all his fortune.	他冒着失去所有财产的危险
Would you like anything to drink?	你要喝点什么吗
That fish lives in fresh water.	那鱼栖息在淡水域中
Tom isn't the only one here who's a good singer.	汤姆不是这里唯一的好歌手
A plastic dish will melt on the stove.	塑料盘子在烤箱里会化的
The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.	警察因酒后驾驶逮捕了他
We couldn't do that.	我们做不到
Tom got into trouble because of Mary.	汤姆因为玛丽陷入了麻烦
Outside the school, she saw people with no homes living in cardboard boxes.	她在校外见到没有家的人住在纸板箱里
This is worth one million yen.	这值
I need a raise.	我需要加薪
Every one of her songs was a hit.	她的每首歌都长期备受欢迎
I am out of time.	我没时间了
Tom is a violin teacher.	汤姆是小提琴教师
The doctor decided to operate at once.	医生决定立刻动手术
Such a plan is bound to fail.	这样的计划注定会失败的
I hope so.	我希望如此
Diplomats are allowed various privileges.	外交官有多种特权
He is always forgetting things.	他总是忘记事情
Is this seat available?	这个位子空着吗
He is watching TV.	他在看电视
She helped me to clear snow away.	她帮我清除积雪
Tom and Mary discussed their future plans.	汤姆和玛丽讨论了他们未来的计划
Tom said he didn't like his new job.	汤姆说他不喜欢他的新工作
He calculated the expenses.	他计算费用
I should be happy.	我该高兴
Mission accomplished.	任务完成
Tom and Mary are both wearing brown hats.	汤姆和玛丽都戴着褐色的帽子
The volcano has become active again.	这座火山又开始活动了
Tom is there alone.	Tom	独自在那
We sometimes make mistakes.	有时我们会犯错
I can still remember the time when we went on a picnic together.	我还记得我和你一起去野餐的时候
I saw a strange woman there.	我看见那儿有个奇怪的女人
I wish that you had told me the truth then.	但愿你那时候就告诉我真相
He came back not because he was homesick, but because he was running short of money.	他不是因为想家
There's not much traffic on this road.	这条路上的车辆不多
I'll go back home with you.	我会跟你一起回家
I love watching talk shows.	我爱看脱口秀
Can you please close that window?	请您把那扇窗户关起来好吗
That's not my job.	这不是我的工作
In the United States, school buses are yellow.	在美国
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's new telephone number.	汤姆问玛丽是否知道琼的新电话号码
Be punctual.	要守时
The dog growled at a little boy.	这只狗对著一个小男孩咆哮
Tom wants to learn to sing in French.	汤姆想学唱法语歌
Tom is good at cooking.	汤姆擅长烹饪
There were some boats on the lake.	湖上有一些船
I remember this map.	我记得这张地图
My uncle gave me a present.	我叔叔给了我一份礼物
The old man died of cancer.	那位老爷爷死于癌症
He amassed a large fortune before he died.	他死前累积了庞大的财富
Tom certainly is a good teacher.	汤姆确实是位好老师
She sometimes has her mother cut her hair.	她有时候让她的妈妈剪头发
Red-haired people tend to have freckles.	红发的人往往有雀斑
Isn't Tom from Australia?	汤姆不是澳洲来的吗
Smoking isn't allowed here.	这里不允许抽烟
She advised him on that matter.	她就那件事给他提出建议
What's the biggest difference?	最不一样的的是什么
Do you feel like going swimming?	你想去游泳吗
Tom said he was curious.	汤姆说他很好奇
Tom helped us all.	汤姆帮了我们
Words express thoughts.	语词表达思想
I don't know why you're here.	我不知道你为甚么在这里
It exploded with a loud noise.	它发出巨响爆炸了
Listen carefully.	仔细听着
You spend too much money.	你花太多钱了
The rumors were false.	谣言是假的
I went there yesterday.	我昨天去那儿了
I don't have a bike.	我没有脚踏车
Fish and red wine don't go together.	鱼和红酒不相配
Do you want to know?	你想知道吗
He was raised in an artistic family.	他在艺术世家长大
It's none of your business.	这不关你的事
I'm ill.	我生病了
Tom is anxious to know the result.	汤姆急着想知道结果
I'll explain everything to you.	我会向你全部解释清楚的
Excuse me, but where is the library?	对不起
My watch is very accurate.	我的手表很准
Please close the door behind you.	请随手关门
Tom will be a teacher someday.	汤姆有一天会成为教师
Give me the book back once you've finished reading it.	在你读完后
My wife catches colds easily.	我太太很容易就会着凉
The leaves fell.	叶子落了
Do you want me to help?	要我帮忙吗
Tom is ecstatic.	汤姆兴奋不已
The Diet will meet on Tuesday.	国会将在周二开会
Why did you leave the class yesterday?	您昨天为什么离开教室
I want this camera.	我要这台相机
It is just your imagination.	那只是你的想象
She is very pretty, isn't she?	她很漂亮
He is playing music.	他在演奏音乐
Let me see it.	让我看看
This is a book.	这是一本书
Recently I moved to another apartment.	最近我搬到另一栋公寓
That was one of the best times of my life.	那是我一生中最美好的时光之一
He doesn't have any knowledge about American democracy.	他一点都不知道美国的民主
She had died before I arrived.	她在我到达之前去世了
Japanese history is my favorite subject.	日本历史是我最喜欢的科目
I want to spend the whole day with you.	我想跟你度过一整天
Are you students at this school?	你是这所学校的学生吗
The enemy dropped many bombs on the factory.	敌人在工厂投下了很多炸弹
Tom traveled alone.	汤姆独自旅行
He came out from behind the curtain.	他从窗帘后出来了
Does Tom play tennis?	汤姆打网球吗
She had a vague feeling of guilt.	她隐约地有一种的内疚感
It is raining.	下雨了
The door was kicked open.	门被踢开了
We won't get paid extra for doing this.	我们做这事没有额外报酬
I want something to write on.	我想要可以在上面写字的东西
I need to charge my cell phone.	我需要给手机充电
There's all kinds of people in the world.	林子大了什么鸟都有
Please take me to the hospital.	请带我去医院
The bill passed by a small majority of 10 votes.	法案以
We've got another problem.	我们又遇上问题了
She carried that habit to her grave.	她到死都改不了那个习惯
We missed you.	我们想你
Tom's cellphone rang.	Tom	的手机响了
I'm going to Europe next week.	我下周要去欧洲
He wants to kiss her.	他想亲她
The army quelled the rebellion.	军队镇压了叛乱
Be realistic.	现实点
When my mother was young, she was very beautiful.	我妈年轻的时候非常漂亮
Where do you work?	您在哪里工作
I'm sure they'll win.	我确定他们会赢
But you're not there.	但你不在那里
Turn the computer on.	打开电脑
Detroit is famous for its car industry.	底特律因它的汽车工业而出名
There is an apple on the table.	桌上有个苹果
Got it?	懂了吗
Thank you for inviting me to the party.	感谢你请我来参加派对
Call the police.	报警
I'm very grateful for everything you've done for me.	非常感谢你所做的一切
Is Tom well?	汤姆还好吧
Tom didn't give me what I asked him for.	汤姆没给我我跟他要的
She must be sick.	她一定是生病了
The dog is barking.	狗在叫
Try hard.	努力
Let's leave.	走吧
The picture is hanging on the wall.	画挂在墙上
I've discovered something interesting.	我发现了一些有趣的东西
Tom told me that he'd give me that book if I wanted it.	汤姆说过
I'll let you decide.	我让你来决定
I think you're sitting in my seat.	我想你坐到我的座位了
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and the others are red.	我花园里的一部分玫瑰是白色的
I was at home.	我刚才在家
I like listening to the radio.	我喜欢听收音机
I'm glad to hear that.	我很高兴听到这个消息
What were you doing then?	当时你在做什么
It is necessary for you to go there immediately.	你必需马上去那儿
I will do the shopping for her birthday.	我要去给她生日买点东西
She used to work for our company.	她以前在我们公司工作
Who are you?	你是谁
The sky was clear when I left home.	当我离开家的时候天空很明朗
I am alarmed by your irresponsible attitude.	我对你不负责任的态度感到惊讶
It's still too early to talk about this now.	现在谈这件事还为时过早
I lost my papers.	我的证件丢了
Sorry to be late.	对不起
Tom wouldn't dare show his face around here again.	汤姆不敢再到这里露面
Tom expected this to happen.	汤姆预料这会发生
Please sign here.	请在这里签名
Who's the author of this story?	这本小说的作者是谁
As far as I'm concerned, things are going well.	据我所知
Whether the medicine will work or not is uncertain.	药物的作用还不确定
We hope a solution is found.	我们希望找到解决方法
He disguised himself as a woman.	他把自己化装成一个女人
I wrote that.	我写了那些东西
Whenever I hear that song, I remember my youth.	每次听到这首歌
Tom has a tattoo of a skull on his chest.	汤姆在胸上有个头骨文身
I was pretty hungry.	我真是饿了
Water is a liquid.	水是液体
Where's your hat?	你帽子在哪儿
Tom probably doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.	汤姆大概不知道为什么野餐取消了
My mother never gets up early.	我的母亲从不早起
He was laughed at by his friends.	他被他的朋友嘲笑了
At that moment, time seemed to stand still.	那一刻
It was a quiet night.	那是一个安静的夜晚
He thought that I was very tired.	他认为我非常的累
I've got a terrible headache.	我头痛得厉害
I still live at my dad's place.	我还住在我父亲的房子里
Tom opened the blinds and looked out the window.	汤姆打开百叶窗
You should always do your best.	你应该永远尽力而为
Tom's house has a nice garden.	汤姆的住宅有一个不错的花园
Blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once.	一口气吹灭生日蛋糕上所有的蜡烛
She prefers beer to wine.	她喜欢啤酒胜过葡萄酒
Come on in.	进来
I didn't mean to do that.	我不是故意那样做
I have no particular reason to do so.	我没有特别的理由去做
Let's not watch TV.	我们不要看电视吧
You can take whatever you like.	你想拿什么就拿什么
I fear this work will take up most of my time.	我怕这项工作会占用我大部份的时间
I smell something here.	我在这里闻到了什么
I haven't started anything yet.	我还没开始做任何事
Everything was where it was supposed to be.	所有的物件都在原处
Do you want pepper on it?	您吃不吃辣椒
Have you heard from Tom?	汤姆那里有联系过你吗
I'm glad it's over.	我很高兴它结束了
I just want to be happy.	我只想高兴
Tom got very hungry.	汤姆很饿
How was the French class?	法语课上得怎样
Do you believe in ghosts?	你相信有幽灵吗
You're a mean old man.	你这个吝啬的老头
The cat caught the rats.	猫抓住了老鼠
I don't speak Japanese.	我不说日语
I lost my key somewhere around here.	我的钥匙就是在这附近丢失的
She asked us several questions.	她问了我们好几个问题
It looks like snow, doesn't it?	看起来要下雪了
If a man had 11 sheep and all but 9 died, how many sheep would he have left?	如果一个人有
I was to blame.	这是我的错
I admire your courage.	我佩服你的勇气
You'll never be alone.	你永远不会一个人的
Can you give me a discount?	能不能给我打折
I like candlelight.	我很喜欢烛光
There aren't that many synagogues in this city.	这座城犹太教堂不怎么多
The village has no electricity.	村里没通电
Wet clothes stick to your skin.	湿衣服贴著你的皮肤
Excuse me, but could you tell me how to get to Central Park?	不好意思
My house is close to a bus stop.	我的房子靠近一个公车站牌
He goes to school on foot.	他步行上学
We've not done well.	我们没有做好
Driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck.	在光滑的路上开车会导致车祸
Tom stayed at this hotel for three weeks.	汤姆在这宾馆待了三周
Please try again.	请再试一次
Why can't you come?	你为什么不能来
Don't let him play with your phone.	别让他玩你的手机
I think you should eat a ham sandwich.	我认为你该吃火腿三明治
Call me at the office.	打电话到我办公室来
Here is the book you are looking for.	你正在找的书在这里
We are glad to have you in our class.	我们很高兴你加入了我们班
I don't like being the one who always has to milk the cow.	我不喜欢做那个总是挤牛奶的人
We moved our bags to make room for the elderly lady to sit down.	我们移走了行李腾出空间让老太太可以坐下
My business has at last gotten on the right track.	我的生意终于上了轨道
I can't believe anyone anymore.	我再也不相信任何人了
I grew up in Boston.	我在波士顿成长
She gave me a present.	她给了我一件礼物
My shoulder hurts.	我肩膀痛
She extended her stay by five days.	她多停留了五天
Should I cancel the call?	我该取消通话吗
There are some misprints, but all in all, it's a good book.	虽然有一些印刷错误
Your work is below average.	你的工作表现低于平均水平
I will never forget the day when I first met him.	我永远不会忘记那天我第一次与他见面
They studied English yesterday.	他们昨天学习英语
What's up with you?	你怎么了
I ate breakfast on my balcony.	我在阳台上吃的早饭
What's your favorite radio station?	你最喜欢的电台是什么
Smoking is harmful to your health.	吸烟有害健康
Tom refused to help Mary do her homework.	汤姆拒绝帮玛丽做作业
I've been taking this medication for many years.	这种药我吃了好多年了
I have many discs.	我有许多唱片
Where there's a will, there's a way.	有志者事竟成
It is not necessary for us to attend the meeting.	我们没有必要参加会议
I don't know right now.	我现在不知道
He dwells in the country.	他住在乡下地区
The history class starts at nine.	历史课九点开始
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.	婚前张开眼
I'll pick you up at three.	我三点钟来接你
Could I have a pillow and blanket?	给我一个枕头和毛毯好吗
Tom's answer was very evasive.	汤姆的回答很含糊不清
They fell into the conversation immediately.	他们很快就聊起来了
I'll be in my office.	我会在我的办公室里
Tom has gained weight.	汤姆胖了
She loves children.	她爱孩子
Tom had a pain in his chest, so he went to the hospital.	汤姆胸痛
I accompanied her on the piano.	我弹钢琴为她伴奏
I'm actually doing quite well.	我其实做得很好
Could you recommend another hotel?	你能推荐另一家旅馆吗
Are you through with your homework?	你把功课做完了吗
Can I see the menu, please?	麻烦给我菜单
Now who's going to help you?	现在谁要帮你
The man was held in police custody.	这个男人被警察拘留了
Tom can swim faster than anyone else I know.	汤姆是我认识的人当中游泳最快的
I don't understand what you are saying.	我不了解你在说什么
Those two are exactly alike.	那两个是一模一样的
Doctors refused to perform a second operation.	医生们拒绝做第二次手术
I can do without his help.	没有他的帮助我也能做
I'll come and see you one of these days.	这些天我会抽一天来看你的
We speak the same language, don't we?	我们说的是同样的语言
She decided to marry him.	她决定和他结婚
I want a few empty glasses.	我要一些空的玻璃杯
Everything went black.	一切都变成了黑色
Tom is a very good singer.	汤姆是个很好的歌手
Tom has three older sisters.	汤姆有三个姐姐
We had to stay home because of the storm.	因为暴风雨的关系
She doesn't like going to school.	她不喜欢去学校
Tom is very quiet.	汤姆很安静
Who do you work for?	你为谁工作
He sent a card to Mary.	他送了一张卡片给玛丽
Congratulations!	恭喜你
How did you enjoy the party?	你在派对上玩得开心吗
Are you doing what you think is right?	你在做你觉得对的事吗
Does Tom have to be there?	汤姆必须在那里吗
Children of six and above should attend school.	六岁及以上的小孩应该上学
The library is in the middle of the city.	图书馆位于市中央
His sudden appearance surprised us all.	他的突然出现
I'm waiting for you to help me.	我等着你帮我
There are twenty-four hours in a day.	一天有二十四个小时
He often quotes Milton.	他常引用米尔顿
Tom doesn't like to wear a watch.	汤姆不喜欢戴手表
It's a piece of cake.	小菜一碟
The school is on top of the hill.	学校在山丘顶上
I wish it would stop raining.	我希望雨会停
We haven't lost hope.	我们没有失望
The horse stopped and refused to move.	马停了下来
Are you hungry?	你肚子饿吗
Can you swim?	你能游泳吗
She has a round face.	她有张圆脸
He leaves for China tomorrow.	他明天出发去中国
I still don't understand what's happening.	我还是不明白出了什么事
There was a big fire last night.	昨晚有一场大火
Catch him.	抓住他
Tom clenched his teeth.	汤姆咬紧牙关
That's not a real diamond, is it?	那不是一颗真正的钻石
I can't find my suitcase.	我找不到我的手提箱
There's something I've been meaning to discuss with you.	有件事我一直想跟你商量
The basket was filled with strawberries.	篮子里装满了草莓
It is 7:45.	现在是七点四十五分
He found me a taxi.	他帮我打到一辆出租车
Nature plays an important role in our life.	大自然在我们的生活中扮演着重要的角色
I want Tom to win.	我想让汤姆赢
The handyman was supposed to arrive at twelve noon, but got stuck in a traffic jam for a few hours.	这个工人本来应该在中午十二点到达
They were always making jokes.	他们一直闹笑话
You were supposed to tell Tom that.	你该告诉汤姆
You're so bad.	你真坏
Write your address here.	在这里写下你的地址
We had no secrets.	我们没有秘密
I think it won't succeed.	我认为它不会成功
Did you forget to lock the door last night?	你昨天晚上忘了锁门吗
I'm just playing the devil's advocate.	我在给魔鬼当辩护士
I didn't have time to take a shower today.	我今天没时间冲澡
I'm the last one who saw Tom.	我是最后一个见过汤姆的人
He wears Chinese-style clothes.	他穿中式服装
It is hardly worth discussing.	这几乎不值得讨论
Her mother passed away last year.	她的母亲去年去世了
Give me a ring tomorrow.	明天打电话给我
Tom is a very generous man.	汤姆是个大方的人
Tom didn't want to work in Boston.	汤姆不想在波士顿工作
Education starts at home.	教育从家庭开始
Please come over if you have time.	如果你有时间的话
Having a slight headache, I went to bed early.	因为我有点头疼
Who was here?	谁来了这里
Do you know how to drive?	您会开车吗
Tom is in the shower.	Tom	在洗澡
One of them is a spy.	他们其中一人是间谍
It makes no difference to me whether he comes or not.	他来不来对我来说没区别
I have so many clothes I don't know what to wear tomorrow.	我有那么多衣服
Have a look.	请看一看
We had a history quiz this morning.	我们今天早上有历史小考
You look very tired.	你看上去非常累
They arrived here safely yesterday.	他们昨天平安抵达这里
Everything will be OK.	一切都会好的
I was so cold.	我很冷
Could you please drive me home?	你可以载我回家吗
My car's not red. It's blue.	我的汽车不是红色的
Her mother made her a new dress.	她的妈妈给她做一件新衣服
They love that.	他们喜欢那个
That's my favorite part.	那是我最喜欢的部分
We must observe the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
I like eating fruit.	我喜欢吃水果
I didn't feel like buying a car.	我不想买车
Is this Tom's?	这是汤姆的吗
What's your major?	你的专业是什么
I needed to speak to you about something.	我需要跟你说点事
The cause of the fire was unknown.	火灾的原因不明
No, I don't have a girlfriend.	没有
Do you need to work on Sunday?	你周日需要去工作吗
They sleep in separate bedrooms even though they're married.	他们分房睡
Tom lives near me.	汤姆住在我的附近
He took off his overcoat.	他脱掉了大衣
A detective arrived upon the scene of the crime.	一名警探到达了犯罪现场
With your help, we'll catch Tom.	在你的帮助下我们会抓到汤姆
Mary and I plan to have two kids.	Mary	和我计划生两个孩子
The sun always rises in the east.	太阳总是从东方升起
I had nothing to do with that incident.	我跟那个事件没有什么关系
I agreed with her.	我同意她
I was asked to wait here.	我被要求在这里等
You dropped your handkerchief.	你的手帕掉了
That novel isn't for children.	那本小说不适合儿童
Is there anything I must do?	有什么事是我该做的吗
She can sing better than anybody else in her class.	她唱歌唱得比班上任何一个人好
I'm coming tonight.	我今晚会过去
Soccer is the most popular of all sports.	足球是所有体育运动中最受欢迎的
I only wanted to forget.	我只想忘记
Leave a space between the lines.	行与行之间要留一个空间
Who does this suitcase belong to?	这个手提箱是谁的
I left the door open.	我让门开著
I like that place.	我喜欢那个地方
He has no children.	他没有孩子
Tom doesn't have time.	汤姆没有时间
We're the same age.	他和我同岁
Is this your family?	这是你的家人吗
She was holding a small parasol in her hand.	她手里握着一把小阳伞
I thought you said you didn't see anything.	我记得你说你甚么也没看到
Do you have it?	你们有吗
I'm a good-for-nothing bum.	我是个二流子
I should really get some sleep.	我真该睡一觉了
She has been sick for three weeks.	她已经病了三个星期了
They had to work all year round.	他们一整年都必须工作
What are you laughing at?	你在笑什么呢
He was killed in the war.	他死于战争
I am going to my room, where I can study.	我要回房间了
Let's find something to sit on.	让我们找些可以坐在上面的东西
I want you to take a break.	我想让你歇歇
I know what's in the box.	我知道盒子里有什么
I hate silent movies.	我讨厌无声电影
He is getting along with his neighborhood.	他与他的邻居相处
I had a dream about him.	我梦到了他
She has no sense of beauty.	她没有审美感
Are you sad?	你伤心吗
I'm right.	我是对的
Tom and I are good friends.	汤姆和我是好朋友
I must renew my passport.	我必须更新我的护照
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想落榜
I'll miss you so much.	我会非常想念你
I can seldom find time for reading.	我很少能抽出时间看书
He teaches English to his friends.	他对他的朋友教英语
I'll pay.	我来付钱
I want to keep my car there.	我想把我的车停放在那里
Are we finished?	我们完成了吗
Could you take this, please?	请你拿这个好吗
His speech was short and to the point.	他的演讲简短且切中要害
This is a great place to start.	这是个开始的好地方
How did you arrive at this conclusion?	你们怎么得出这个结论的
We are the problem.	我们就是问题所在
Tom has to speak French every day at work.	汤姆每天都要在工作时说法语
I like dogs, but my sister likes cats.	我喜欢狗
Which of the composers do you like best?	你最喜欢哪位作曲家
Maternal love is greater than anything else.	母爱比任何别的东西都伟大
I still haven't finished my homework.	我还没完成作业
Who can say what will happen in the future?	谁能说将来会发生什么呢
When did it happen?	什么时候发生的
I'll call you every night.	我每晚都给你打电话
Tom has many friends living in Boston.	汤姆有很多朋友住在波士顿
At lunchtime today, our usual restaurant was closed because of a funeral in the family.	今天午餐时间
I don't know where Tom's socks are.	我不知道汤姆的袜子在哪里
Could you call me back later?	你等一会然后再给我打电话
"How are you?" "I'm fine, thank you."	“	你怎么样
He felt in his pocket for his wallet.	他在口袋里摸着找他的钱包
I can't eat this much food.	我不能吃这么多食物
He cheated on the biology exam.	他在生物学考试时作弊
Everyone is special.	每个人都很特别
Let me know about the result of the exam.	告诉我考试结果
I'm dripping with sweat.	我正流着汗
Tom wore ripped jeans.	汤姆穿了破洞牛仔裤
Would you mind lending me your pen?	你介意借我你的笔吗
Language is the means by which people communicate with others.	语言是人们与他人交流的手段
Fancy meeting you here!	想不到会在这里遇见你
The registration period is already over.	报名时间已经过了
I can't remember the meaning of the word that I looked up yesterday.	我记不起昨天查的那个词的意思了
Can you get it repaired?	你能不能修理它
There's nothing important in the paper.	报纸上没什么重要的东西
The bell rang.	铃响了
The child caught the cat by the tail.	孩子抓住了猫的尾巴
I know the feeling.	我知道那种感觉
My son is brushing his teeth.	我儿子在刷牙
I'll give you a little tip.	我会给你些提示
Shakespeare is the name of a writer.	莎士比亚是一位作家的名字
Thank you for your hard work.	感谢你的劳碌
Did you watch TV last night?	你昨晚看电视了吗
I miss my children.	我想念我的孩子
May I speak with the teacher?	我能和老师说话吗
Since he has ambitions, he works hard.	因为他有野心
The prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter.	王子爱上了一个樵夫的女儿
The sun sets in the west.	太阳在西边下山
Would you let me know when Tom comes?	你能让我知道汤姆什么时候来吗
It was very cold this morning.	今天早上很冷
The garden was filled with flowers.	花园里充满了花朵
This old book is worth 50,000 yen.	这本旧书值
He has a large family.	他有一个大家庭
I asked each boy three questions.	我问了每个男孩三个问题
Put your hands up.	手举起来
We just need a plan.	我们只是需要个计划
It must be a coincidence.	这一定是个巧合
We're going to do that right away.	我们马上就去做
I had never seen a windmill until I visited the Netherlands.	在我去荷兰之前
My brother goes to college in Tokyo.	我兄弟在东京上大学
She was sitting under a tree.	她在一棵树下坐着
Walk faster, or you'll miss the train.	走快一点
What's the name of that bird?	那只鸟叫什么名字
He had the right idea.	他的想法是对的
Let me help you with your work.	让我帮你做你的工作
Stay with us.	和我们留在一起吧
Don't ask me what it was.	别问我这是什么东西
Where are the strawberries?	草莓在哪里
I couldn't stand looking at it.	我不能忍受就这样看著它
I thought your parents liked me.	我认为你的父母喜欢我
What do you want to eat?	你想吃什么
We have less than five minutes to evacuate the whole building.	我们有不到五分钟来疏散整栋楼的人
She didn't like him.	她不喜欢他
It is getting dark. Let's go home.	天渐渐黑了
How soon will the meeting begin?	会议什么时候开始
The cake is delicious.	蛋糕很美味
Tom is looking for a new job.	汤姆在找新工作
You're so stupid.	你真傻
That company is managed by a foreigner.	这家公司由一个外国人经营
Do whatever you think is right.	做你认为正确的事
This is a very tall tree.	这是棵很高的树
I don't approve your decision.	我不同意你的决定
No one listened to me.	没有人听我的
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.	目前哈里发塔是世界上最高的摩天大楼
This is a comfortable chair.	这是一张舒适的椅子
Tom looked at the photograph.	汤姆看了看照片
Tom told Mary that she was right.	汤姆告诉玛丽她是对的
If you had a million dollars, what would you do?	你有
I can't leave.	我走不了
Tom enjoys gardening.	汤姆享受园艺
He began to shout.	他开始喊叫
I like dogs and my sister likes cats.	我喜欢狗
Do you go often?	您经常去吗
Please help me clean the house.	请帮我打扫房子
The second lesson is very easy.	第二课非常简单
What do I have to do now that I'm registered?	我注册了
She plays the violin very well.	她小提琴演奏得非常好
I'm sober.	我很清醒
I will give you a bike for your birthday.	你生日的时候
That isn't what I ordered.	我没有预定这个
We'll continue.	我们要继续下去
He likes music very much.	他非常喜欢音乐
Did you hear the click?	你听到了点击声吗
We must do something.	我们必须做点甚么
He is angry with you.	他在生你的气
I can eat anything.	我甚么都能吃
I've been feeling sick for the past few days.	我这两天感觉难受
I often drink tea.	我经常喝茶
It's a pity when somebody dies.	有人死了的时候真是遗憾
The novel ends with the heroine's death.	小说以女主角的死告终
I really like this singer.	我挺喜欢那个歌手的
I want to take a bath.	我要洗澡
Don't be worried.	别担心
The Tigers lost the game, which was a surprise to us.	我们觉得很惊讶老虎队竟然输掉了比赛
Having met the girl before, I recognized her at once.	因为曾遇见过那个女孩
Tom has no intention of asking Mary to the upcoming dance.	Tom	没有意图去邀请
It belongs to my brother.	它属于我兄弟
My car cost more than yours did.	我的车子的开销比你的要多
Tom often reads when his children aren't at home.	汤姆经常在孩子们不在家时阅读
She is a quiet woman.	她是一个安静的女人
My hand is so cold I can't feel it anymore.	我的手冷到没有感觉了
She'll almost certainly pass the test.	她几乎确定会通过测验
I do not have a cat.	我没有猫
Is he Japanese?	他是日本人吗
I didn't mean to be selfish.	自私不是我的本意
Cosmetic surgery is not covered by most insurance plans.	大部份的保险计划不包含整容手术
What's your favorite home-cooked food?	你最喜欢的家常菜是什么
The date of the festival coincides with that of the exam.	节日和考试碰巧在同一天
I can talk about anything with my best friend.	我能跟我最好的朋友说任何事
If I've misjudged you, I'm terribly sorry.	如果我对你产生误解
You cannot achieve anything without effort.	没有什么是不劳而获的
He likes listening to the radio.	他喜欢听广播
No one knows if he loves her or not.	谁也不知道他是否爱她
He lives alone.	他一个人生活
I haven't had much sleep lately.	我最近没怎么睡觉
The music was very loud.	那音乐声音十分响
We grow a variety of crops.	我们种植各种的作物
The old man lived there by himself.	这个老人独自住在那里
I'd like to talk to Tom alone.	我想和汤姆单独谈一谈
Tom was a little overweight when he was a kid.	汤姆在小时候有点超重
Tom gave us something to talk about.	汤姆给了我们可以谈论的东西
Have you finished doing your homework yet?	你做完回家作业了吗
He made good use of the opportunity.	他好好地利用了这个机会
Do you plan to go abroad?	你打算出国吗
This work doesn't pay.	这个工作没有酬劳
He did all he could to protect his son.	他尽一切所能去保护他的儿子
Children often hate spinach.	小孩一般都讨厌菠菜
Because of the typhoon, my parents ended their trip one day early.	因为台风的关系
What color is your new car?	你的新车是甚么颜色的
Will you send for a doctor?	你会派人去请医生来吗
You're irresistible.	你令人难以抗拒
It's brand new.	这是全新的
In the summer I wear short-sleeved shirts.	夏天我穿短袖衬衫
I like blue.	我喜欢蓝色
They decided to build a bridge.	他们决定建一座桥
Didn't you hear her speaking French?	你没听到她说法语吗
Let's start the party.	让我们开始这个派对吧
She is busy preparing for the trip.	她正忙著准备这次旅行
I'm crazy about you.	我为你疯狂
My purse was stolen.	我的钱包被抢了
Could you open the door, please?	您能开一下门吗
I'm not interested in you.	我对你不感兴趣
I hope we find Tom.	我希望我们能找到汤姆
I know life is short.	我知道生命是短暂的
Don't stay in the sun too long.	不要在阳光下逗留太久
I don't laugh very often.	我不常笑
Hop in.	跳进来
I feel as if I've woken up from a nightmare.	我觉得我好像从恶梦中惊醒
The snow has disappeared.	雪消失了
You should keep your mouth shut.	你应该闭上你的嘴
Do you have any plans for Saturday?	你周六有什么计划
I can start anytime.	我随时可以开始
I majored in chemistry in college.	我在大学主修化学
I love watching soccer games.	我爱看足球
Why do you think I'm thinking about you?	你为什么会认为我在想你
He is often absent from school.	他经常翘课
He should have come.	他本该来的
We talked and talked until the day broke.	我们一直聊天直到天明
Don't forget to bring a camera.	别忘了带个相机
She complained that my salary was low.	她抱怨我的薪水很低
Your glasses fell on the floor.	你的眼镜掉在地上了
I have heard the story.	我听说过那个故事
The boy remained silent.	男孩依旧沉默不语
They got out of the car.	他们下了车
I wake up at eight.	我八点起床
You're such a brat.	你个小屁孩
This chair is made of plastic.	这把椅子是用塑胶制成的
As for me, I have nothing to say.	以我之见
I invited my friends to dinner.	我邀请我的朋友吃晚餐
I really enjoy your company.	我非常享受你的陪伴
There's no telling what he'll do next.	没有人知道他接下来会干什么
Many students have failed the test.	很多学生考试没过
Did you find what you were looking for?	你找到你要找的东西了吗
Let's go to the movies.	我们去看电影吧
He attributes his success to good luck.	他将他的成功归功于好运
I play the guitar after dinner.	我晚饭后弹吉他
I've heard that name somewhere before.	我在别处听过那个名字
What do you advise me to do?	您建议我做什么
He is my brother, not my father.	他是我哥哥
She looks as if she were drunk.	她看起来好像喝醉了
Tom donates half his salary to his favorite charity.	汤姆捐一半他的薪水给他最喜欢的慈善机构
You're the only one who can help us.	你是唯一一个能帮助我们的人
I think I mistakenly deleted that file.	我觉得我是误删了这个文件
That's enough money to cover the expenses.	那些钱足够支付费用
The blouse costs twelve libras.	这件衬衫卖十二英镑
"Have you seen my cell phone?" "It's on the table."	"	你有看到我的手机吗
I have to explain this to Tom.	我必须向
I ate your strawberries.	我吃了你的草莓
I hope that you give this book a read.	我希望你读读这本书
It cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired.	把我的电视机修好花了我一万日元
Do you still love Tom?	你依然爱汤姆吗
He pretended not to be listening.	他假装听不见
I wish that I could stop hiccuping.	我希望我能停止打嗝
It's next to impossible to finish it in a day.	在一天之内完成它几乎是不可能的
There are a few apples on the tree, aren't there?	树上有些苹果
How long did it take to do that?	你做那事用了多久
It's just a dream.	只是一场梦罢了
He loves her.	他爱她
War broke out in 1941.	战争于
It's safe to say so.	这么说是安全的
This wine tastes great.	这葡萄酒非常好喝
I can cook.	我会做饭
I walk my dog in the park every morning.	我每天早上到公园里遛狗
How much money do you need?	你需要多少钱
I'm looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.	我期待下周日能见到你
Where is your dog?	你的狗在哪儿
We don't live in Boston.	我们不住在波士顿
I was in the bath when the phone rang.	在我洗澡的时候
Back off.	往后退点
Tom built his own motorcycle.	汤姆造了他自己的摩托车
Did you actually see the accident?	你真的看到了这起事故吗
You can buy it for a thousand yen or so.	你能以大约
I want to travel with you.	我想和你去旅行
My aunt sent me a birthday present.	我阿姨送了我一个生日礼物
She has blue eyes.	她有双蓝眼睛
Tom is sure to succeed.	汤姆一定能成功
Paper is made from wood.	纸是由木制成的
What's your favorite way to cook trout?	你最喜欢怎么烧鲑鱼
It's almost six.	差不多六点了
I'm content with my job.	我对我的工作感到满意
I can't give up smoking.	我无法戒烟
I have some English books.	我有一些英文书
We took strong measures to prevent it.	我们采取了强有力的预防措施
To my surprise, he was good at singing.	让我出乎意料的是
The sight of the money tempted him into stealing.	看到这笔钱使他被诱惑偷东西
Time's up.	时间到了
That’s what we heard.	这都是咱们听说的
Japan is famous for Mt. Fuji.	日本以富士山闻名
My mother gets up early every morning.	我妈妈每天早上早起
Do you want to be an actor in a movie?	你想成为一名电影演员吗
I'm coming home, Tom.	我在回家路上
Father ran short of money and had to borrow some.	父亲缺钱
Here's the change.	这是找零
I am playing volleyball now.	我现在在打排球
Don't be too sensitive to criticism.	不要对批评太敏感了
He should thank you.	他应该感谢您
I'm only here for one day.	我只在这里待一天
I'll stop by the post office on the way home.	我会在回家的路上顺便去邮局
This clock is mine.	这个表是我的
He comes from England.	他来自英格兰
Don't blame the mistake on her.	不要把这个错误归咎于她
This is their house.	这是他们家
You ought to let Tom know Mary is going to do that.	你该让汤姆知道玛丽要去做
I saw him running.	我看见了他跑步
I don't get the joke.	我没明白那个笑话
They passed by her house yesterday.	他们昨天路过她家
What's the minimum wage in your country?	你的国家的最低工资是多少
Why did you show me this?	你为什么让我看这个
I almost didn't meet her.	我几乎没有遇见她
She went to Shanghai by train.	她是坐火车去上海的
She raised her voice.	她提高了她的嗓音
Tom went home alone.	汤姆一个人回家了
How tall are you?	你多高
You're too young to be doing that.	你太年轻了
A group of young men were fighting.	一群年轻人在打架
Tom drinks beer every day.	汤姆每天喝啤酒
You look very good.	你看上去很好
I eventually got used to it.	最后我还是习惯了
The balloon was caught in the tree.	这颗气球被树绊住了
Look behind you.	瞧你身后
Have you finished your coffee?	你喝完咖啡了吗
Don't do anything you'll regret.	不要做任何会让你后悔的事
Does this bus go to the museum?	这辆公车去博物馆吗
I couldn't answer all of the questions.	我不能回答所有的问题
Did you visit the Tower of London?	你参观伦敦塔了吗
My brother died of cancer last year.	我弟弟去年死于癌症
You ought to have come to see me yesterday.	你昨天应该来看我的
There are many books in my room.	我房间里有很多书
Can I bring Tom?	我可以带上汤姆吗
Is he right?	他对吗
Tom said Mary snored.	汤姆说玛丽打鼾
Did Tom say anything?	Tom	有说什么吗
I'm not your mother.	我不是你母亲
I wish that I could speak French better.	我希望我能说法语说得更好
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.	有人穿错了我的鞋
I have to study for the test.	我必须读书准备考试
They didn't like you.	他们不喜欢你
Smoke is rising from the chimney.	烟从烟囱上升
I heard Tom muttering something in French.	我听到汤姆在用法语嘀咕些什么
I attended the meeting yesterday.	昨天我出席了会议
Please bring your own food.	请自带食物
Tom was talking in his sleep.	汤姆在说梦话
That's true.	这是真的
You're absolutely right.	你完全正确
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible.	她试著举起箱子
You only have two options.	你只有两个选项
Where are you from?	你从哪里来
How would you like your eggs?	请问鸡蛋要什么做法
I miss you badly.	我非常想你
Leave the book where it was.	把书放在原处
I'd like to call my family.	我想给家人打电话
I'm busy all the time.	我总是忙碌
Tom hid in the shed.	汤姆躲在棚里
I'm not well.	我身体不适
I am grateful to you for inviting me to the party.	谢谢你邀我参加派对
Don't make noise when you eat soup.	当你喝汤的时候不要发出声音
I'm afraid not.	恐怕不行
You have to turn in the reports on Monday.	星期一你必须缴交报告
We were on the train for ten hours.	我们在火车上十个小时
His explanation is not clear.	他的说明并不清楚
You may use this car.	你可以使用这辆车
She's my classmate.	她是我的同学
There isn't a drop of water left.	没有剩下一滴水
It is going to rain very soon.	很快就要下雨了
You're such an idiot!	你真是个傻瓜
What prevented you from coming earlier?	为什么你不能早点来
Please stop fighting.	请您们别再吵了
Tom, be careful!	汤姆
What on earth is the matter?	到底怎么了
Who is that man?	那男人是谁
I wish I could give up smoking.	我希望能够戒烟
We're in a hurry.	我们很匆忙
I have only five thousand yen.	我只有
Don't be so childish.	不要那么幼稚
Can I speak with the teacher?	我能和老师说话吗
What were the meetings like?	会议怎么样
I spilled my coffee on the carpet.	我把咖啡倒翻在地毯上了
Tom encouraged his son to study French.	汤姆鼓励他儿子学法语
I missed you.	我想你
I can't believe Tom is getting married.	我不能相信汤姆要结婚了
Tom wasn't surprised to see me.	汤姆见到我并没有惊讶
He doesn't need to work.	他不需要工作
The people were evacuated because of the flood.	人们因为洪水被疏散了
I am dying for a cold drink.	我迫切需要冷饮
Come as soon as possible.	尽早来
Has something happened?	发生了什么事吗
How long will this rope hold?	这条绳子能撑多久
You'd better keep your money for a rainy day.	你最好未雨绸缪
You must stop smoking.	你必须停止吸烟
Tom will do that.	汤姆会做
What you're saying isn't logical.	你说的话在逻辑上有问题
I won't work overtime today.	今天我不加班
You're welcome to do anything you like.	您可以做任何您想做的事
I always have trouble remembering names.	我经常忘记别人的名字
I feel cold.	我觉得冷
I don't understand.	不明白
Tom gave a different answer.	汤姆给出了不同的答案
We all like you a lot.	我们都非常喜欢你
Do they love each other?	他们彼此相爱吗
She is always finding fault with her neighbors.	她总是找她邻居的茬
Good luck on your test.	考试加油
Is Tom in a lot of trouble?	汤姆是不是麻烦事很多
My father took out his wallet and gave me ten dollars.	我爸爸拿出他的钱包
I want to have this letter registered.	我想要用挂号寄这封信
We have a lot of rain in June and July.	六七月份雨很多
I asked Tom to play the guitar.	我叫汤姆弹吉他
He loves music.	他非常喜欢音乐
What's this supposed to mean?	这该是甚么意思
A dog can run faster than a man can.	狗跑得比人快
AI stands for artificial intelligence.	AI	代表人工智能
Our mother bought us a puppy.	我们的妈妈买了一只小狗给我们
Tom has made a big mistake.	汤姆犯了个大失误
This has been the driest six months in thirty years.	这是三十年代以来最干旱的六月
Whichever route you take, you will get there in time.	不管你选哪条路
Who wrote this story?	谁写了这个故事
Where is the ticket window?	售票窗口在哪里
Tom seems to forget everything.	汤姆好像什么都会忘
I bought a few eggs and a little milk.	我买了几个鸡蛋和一点牛奶
Japan relies on Arab countries for oil.	日本靠阿拉伯国家提供石油
Do you feel any pain in your stomach?	你的胃会痛吗
I'm out of time.	我没时间了
It's not my size.	这不是我的尺码
Those apples are big.	那些苹果很大
The oranges in this bag are rotten.	这个袋子里的柳橙都烂了
Would you mind explaining this?	你愿意解释吗
A dolphin is a mammal.	海豚是哺乳动物
What language is this?	这是什么语言
There is enough light to read by.	有足够的光线读书
Prepare yourself for the future.	为将来做准备吧
How about Thai food?	泰国菜怎么样
It's very hard getting a taxi in this city.	在这个城市
Tom is away on vacation.	汤姆度假去了
It is good to be a winner.	做个赢家很好
School is over at 3:30.	学校
Why don't you take a break?	为什么你不休息一下
My stomach's full.	我吃得很饱
How long is the Rainbow Bridge?	彩虹桥有多长
She is just a child.	她只是个孩子
He spoke very loudly.	他说得很大声
I decided to buy a car.	我决定买一辆车
Shake the bottle before using.	使用前摇动一下瓶子
No one's stopping you.	没有人在阻止你
We lost it.	我们失去了它
Please don't say that.	请不要这样说
They all love me.	他们都爱我
Can I still make it?	我还来得及吗
They ate sandwiches for lunch.	他们午饭吃了三明治
He placed emphasis on the importance of education.	他强调了教育的重要性
Few people know how to do it.	很少有人知道怎么做
I love my work very much.	我非常喜欢我的工作
Don't judge and you won't be judged.	不要做评判
Are you sad?	你在难过吗
Tom may come back.	汤姆可能会回来
Everything went well.	一切都很顺利
The Colombian government demanded more money.	哥伦比亚政府要了更多的钱
Drive safely.	安全地驾驶
I'm never late for school.	我从来没有上学迟到
All you can do is to wait.	所有你能做的就是等待
The entire world desires peace.	整个世界都需要和平
Stop gambling.	戒掉赌博吧
We will only consent on that condition.	我们只会在那样的条件下同意
The committee meets twice a month.	委员会一个月召开两次
What do we do now?	我们现在怎么办
I almost never lie.	我几乎从不说谎
You must finish this by 2:30.	你必须在两点半之前完成它
I agree on an emotional level, but on the pragmatic level I disagree.	我感情上支持
Absolutely nothing is permanent in life.	生活中绝对没有什么是持久的
Where's the checkout counter?	结帐柜台在哪里
Don't bug me.	别来烦我
I have a slight headache today.	我今天有轻微的头痛
Everyone was surprised to see Tom.	每个人看到
Are there any English magazines in this library?	这间图书馆有任何英语杂志吗
Thanks for everything.	感谢你做的所有事
Please tell me about your problem.	请告诉我你的问题
Tom heard the sound.	汤姆听到了声音
My family goes skiing every winter.	我的家人每年冬天去滑雪
Compare your translation with his.	比较你和他的翻译
Tom kept talking all night.	汤姆整夜一直在说话
You are wanted on the phone.	有你的电话
You may go anywhere.	你可以随便去哪儿
I see a cat chasing a dog.	我看见一只猫追着一只狗跑
Much of what they wrote about never happened.	他们写的很多都没发生
How about some more roast beef?	再多一些烤牛肉怎么样
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?	你可以告诉我要怎么去火车站吗
I prefer spring to autumn.	我喜欢春天胜过秋天
Wake me up at seven.	七点叫醒我
You should pay more attention to what you say.	你应该更注意你说的话
They sometimes help us.	他们有时帮我们
Did something happen?	发生了什么事吗
Good job!	做得好
Shut all the doors and windows.	关闭所有的门和窗户
Why did you open the box?	你为什么打开这个盒子
Are you feeling under the weather?	你感觉不舒服吗
Tom should thank me.	汤姆应该感谢我
The doctor advised him to do more exercise.	医生建议他多做运动
He was invited to be the chairman of the club.	他受邀做俱乐部的主席
I don't know which button to push.	我不知道要按哪个按钮
Don't shout.	不许大叫
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C++.	变量的声明在
Which goes faster, a ship or a train?	船和火车哪个跑得快
They grow flowers in the garden.	他们在花园里种花
There is a kite flying above the tree.	有一只风筝在树上
I was glad to hear of your success.	我很高兴知道你成功了
Speech is silver, silence is golden.	开口是银
I shave every morning.	我每天早上刮胡子
Tom hates spiders.	汤姆恨蜘蛛
Don't leave your work half finished.	别留着一半工作没干
She is going to wash the bike this afternoon.	她下午会洗自行车
According to the Bible, God created the world in six days.	根据圣经记载
I can play Chopin.	我会弹萧邦
He'll be glad to see you.	他会很高兴见到你
You must've been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place.	在那种地方碰到你的老师
Tom's drunk.	汤姆醉了
They all searched for the lost child.	他们都在寻找这个走失的孩子
I can't do without her help.	没有她的帮助我做不到
Tom is a fluent speaker of Japanese.	汤姆日语说得很流利
Shouldn't somebody be helping Tom?	难道不该有人帮汤姆吗
You should follow your teacher's advice.	您应遵循你老师的建议
The city was soon occupied by the soldiers.	很快
Are you a teacher or a student?	您是老师
She was aching all over.	她全身都疼
Where do you attend high school?	你在哪里念高中
What is your house like?	你的房子如何
Tom is out of his mind.	汤姆失去理智了
It takes us a long time to master a foreign language.	精通一门外语需要很长时间
His patience is worn out.	他的耐心已经到了极限
Life doesn't always go the way we want it to.	生活并不总是如我们所愿
They have jobs.	他们有工作
I think my French isn't very good.	我认为我的法语不太好
I helped my father yesterday.	昨天我帮了我爸爸
Tom arrived after I left.	汤姆在我走后到了
I will go to Hokkaido tomorrow.	我明天要去北海道
I looked after him for a period of time.	我看了他一段时间
Please add my name to the list.	请在名单上加上我的名字
She has lost weight.	她的体重减轻了
Here's an even better one.	这里有个更好的
Why did you run away?	你为什么逃走
I visited him a week ago today.	我在一周前的今天拜访了他
I hate Tom, to tell you the truth.	说实话
I haven't seen you for a while.	我好一阵子没看到你了
Were you on time for work today?	你今天准时上班了吗
The flowers cheered her up.	那些花儿安慰了她
What sports do you like?	你喜欢什么运动
She made jam from the apples.	她用苹果做了果酱
There's a pub just around the corner.	在转角有一家酒吧
Do you plan to go overseas?	你打算出国吗
Who'll be elected chairman?	谁将当选主席呢
I'll write to you soon.	我会尽快写信给你
Tom has loved Mary for a long time.	汤姆爱玛丽很久了
They had started earlier than we had.	他们比我们先开始
Tom has a lot of experience in computers.	汤姆对电脑有很多经验
I would like to see it.	我想看看它
Don't you agree?	你不同意吗
She is weak by nature.	她天生体弱
Eighty percent of all information on computers around the world is in English.	全世界百分之八十电脑上的资讯都是用英语写的
Stop that!	住手
They are peace-loving people.	他们是热爱和平的人
Smoking is prohibited on the train.	在火车上禁止吸烟
The poor man has no relatives.	穷人无亲戚
You must always keep your hands clean.	您应该一直让手保持干净
Why did you do such a thing?	你为什么做了这种事儿
That's peculiar.	奇怪
The bus should be coming soon.	公车应该很快就会来了
I have nothing to fall back on.	我没什么可依靠的了
The United States borders Canada.	美国与加拿大相邻
I couldn't think of anything to say.	我想不到要说什么话
Were I to die, who would look after my children?	要是我死了
How do you account for that?	你怎样作出的解释
I'm just looking.	我只是随便看看
Tom wished he hadn't borrowed the book from Mary.	汤姆希望他没有从玛丽那里借书
I need to take a shower.	我需要洗个澡
He and I are brothers.	他和我是兄弟
I did nothing out of the ordinary.	我没做不寻常的事
If we don't keep walking, we'll be late.	如果我们不继续赶路
My son always gets sick when he rides a bus.	我的儿子每次乘坐公交车都会晕车
This rug is handmade.	这块地毯是手工制作的
This should be a lot of fun.	这应该很有意思
They were very excited.	他们非常兴奋
Maybe you should just fire Tom.	或许你就应该把汤姆开除掉
I'm Tom's father.	我是汤姆的爸爸
They drive on the left in England.	在英国开车要靠左行驶
She hasn't phoned since she went to London.	自她去了伦敦后
What time does your class end?	您几点下课
She lost a book.	她弄丢了一本书
Tom enjoyed himself at the party.	汤姆在晚会玩的很开心
The lion is the king of beasts.	狮子是万兽之王
Do you have other family?	你有其他家人吗
I got a letter from her today.	我今天收到了她的信
I see a flower on the desk.	我看见书桌上有朵花
The summer is over.	夏天过去了
Tom is friendly to me.	汤姆对我友好
She is not as young as she looks.	她没她看上去那么年轻
I didn't understand the joke.	我没明白那个笑话
Have you already eaten supper?	你已经吃晚饭了吗
I'm hot.	我觉得很热
I don't eat chicken skin.	我吃不下鸡皮
I admire you for your courage.	我佩服你的勇气
The roof was damaged by the storm.	屋顶被暴风雨损坏了
He's very good at playing baseball.	他垒球打得很好
Tom complains all the time.	汤姆老是发牢骚
Our baby can't talk yet.	我家宝宝还不会说话
My sister often cries.	我妹妹经常哭
Where is Tom's classroom?	汤姆的教室在哪里
I'm going to the restroom.	我去下洗手间
We haven't seen anyone.	我们谁也没看见
Mary helped her mother cook.	玛丽帮她母亲做饭
Tom added both his and Mary's name to the list.	汤姆将他自己和玛丽的名字添加到了名单上
What were you doing in the attic?	你在阁楼上做了什么
I got this bicycle for nothing.	我免费得到这辆自行车
Put on your glasses.	把眼镜戴上
We do what we want to do.	我们做我们想做的
Let me get my violin.	让我拿一下我的小提琴
He doesn't come here every day.	他不是每天都来这
Is that a coyote?	那是丛林狼吗
When and where is breakfast served?	早饭在何时何地用
He made good use of the money.	他好好的使用了
Do you follow?	懂了吗
Are you going to attend the ceremony?	你会参加这个仪式吗
The lock's broken.	锁坏了
Do you like movies?	你喜欢电影吗
I'm exhausted.	我很疲惫
You can come with me.	你可以跟我来
I have no doubts.	我没有疑问
Tom said he wanted to try riding a unicycle.	汤姆说他想试试骑独轮车
He didn't listen to music.	他没有听音乐
We knew no one.	我们不认识任何人
I've lost my ticket.	我把票弄丢了
Is bungee jumping frightening or fun?	高空弹跳是恐怖还是好玩
We ran in the park.	我们在公园里跑了步
Whose pencil is this?	这支铅笔是谁的
What's this smell?	这是什么气味
The boss has already approved of our plans.	老板已经批准了我们的计划
It was discovered by Tom.	它是由汤姆发现的
Last summer I traveled to Italy.	去年夏天我去意大利旅行
You should know that that's impossible.	你应该知道这是不可能的
He's staying at his aunt's.	他呆在他阿姨家
Stay off the grass.	从草地里出来
Have fun.	玩得开心
Tom died in the battle.	汤姆在战斗中死了
That's what I have to do.	那是我必须做的
There seemed to be no answer to the problem.	这个问题似乎没有答案
Where is the hotel?	旅馆在哪里
Tom is thirty.	汤姆今年三十岁
Can I ask you a question?	我可以问你个问题吗
Tom is three years older than Mary is.	汤姆比玛丽大三岁
That is no business of his.	那不关他的事
He keeps his room clean.	他保持他的房间干净
He drank a cup of coffee.	他喝了一杯咖啡
It was through his influence that she became interested in ecology.	她开始对生态学感兴趣
Are you feeling better now?	你觉得好些了吗
This is the first time that I've heard of this website.	我第一次知道这个网站
My parents' generation went through the war.	我父母那一代经历过战争
Their cattle are all fat.	他们的牛都很肥
Without the sun, there would be no life.	没有太阳就没有生命
I gave up all hope of survival.	我放弃了所有生存的希望
The wall is thirty yards long.	这堵墙长三十码
What are you doing, Dad?	爸爸
You've given me good advice.	你给了我很好的建议
She won everything.	她赢得一切了
What happened to you?	你到底怎么回事啊
What's the matter with you?	你怎么了
This is impossible.	这不可能
My grandpa believes that the moon landing was a hoax.	我的祖父相信登月是一个骗局
Children like fruit juice.	孩子们喜欢果汁
I'm feeling blue today.	我今天的心情不好
Thank you for yesterday.	昨天的事真的要谢谢您了
There's nothing better than taking a nice walk.	没有什么比散步更好的了
Put it back on the desk.	把它放回桌子上
I will make you happy.	我会让你幸福的
He lost a book.	他弄丢了一本书
He has to take two science classes.	他必须上两堂理化课
Tom says that he doesn't feel like going out.	汤姆说他不想出去
They treat me like a child.	他们把我当小孩
How dare you speak to me like that!	你怎么敢这样跟我说话
I was asked to umpire the game.	我被要求当这场比赛的裁判
This turkey tastes good.	这只火鸡味道很好
How long does it take to get from here to your house on foot?	从这里步行到你家要多长时间
My car burns a lot of gas.	我的车子很耗油
Tom has to go to the hospital.	汤姆必须去医院
Are you ready?	你们准备好了吗
I think Tom is athletic.	我认为汤姆好运动
She is a computer programmer.	她是程序员
I'm not the least bit worried.	我一点也不担心
She was about to leave the house.	她正要离开家
I stayed at home last night.	我昨晚待在家里
Tom told me that he didn't win.	汤姆告诉我他没赢
What are your strong points?	你的强项是什么
Many people are still missing.	很多人依旧失踪
Drive on.	往前开
May I ask a few questions?	我能问一些问题吗
Tom isn't a fool.	汤姆不是傻瓜
Please close the door quietly.	请安静地关门
She is now eighty-one years old.	她现在八十一岁了
I guess it was our bad luck.	我猜这是我们的运气坏
Welcome to our home.	欢迎来到我们家
He weighs a lot more than before.	他比以前重得多
Do you like to read?	你喜欢阅读吗
I'd gladly pay more for something if it's of high quality.	如果它是高品质的东西我会很乐意多付一点钱
Tom and Mary will go with me.	汤姆和玛丽会跟我走
Don't pry into the affairs of others.	不要探听别人的事
Do you know this song?	你知道这首歌吗
I got up early enough to catch the first train.	我起了个大早为了赶第一班火车
If it's fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.	如果明天天气好
We had a slight difference of opinion.	我们的看法有一点不同
She's good at bargaining the price down.	她很善于砍价
Tom is unbelievably stupid.	汤姆傻得难以置信
His speech inspired all the boys.	他的演说激励了所有的男孩
It snowed a lot last year.	去年下了很多雪
I can't drink milk.	我不可以喝牛奶
Tom didn't have enough time to answer all the questions on the test.	汤姆考试时没时间答完所有题
He is driving at top speed.	他全速驾驶着
If you came, that would be great.	要是你来得了
I have to call Tom.	我得给汤姆打电话
Better be the head of a cat than the tail of a lion.	宁为猫头不为狮尾
Not every child likes apples.	不是每一个孩子都喜欢吃苹果
There aren't supposed to be any men in this house.	这家里应该没有男人才对
She will return home next Sunday, that is, the tenth.	她下周日回家
This jacket is a little too big.	这件夹克有点太大了
Last night I had a weird dream.	我昨晚做了一个奇怪的梦
You've been had.	你们被骗了
You should've been more careful.	你应该更小心的
How did you know I was with Tom?	你怎么知道我和汤姆在一起
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
I know that this is important to you.	我知道这对您来说很重要
I like winter better than summer.	我喜欢冬天胜过夏天
I wonder whether or not Tom can speak French.	我不知道汤姆会不会说法语
I enjoy running.	我喜欢跑步
I'm a student.	我是个学生
You'll have to start at once.	你必须马上开始
I wonder why nobody told me.	不知道为什么没有人告诉过我
I have no intention of resigning.	我一点也没有要辞职的意思
We need to get going.	我们该走了
I'm short of cash at the moment.	此刻我缺少现金
How long does it take to walk to the station?	走着去火车站要多久
He has never played golf.	他从没打过高尔夫球
I walked along the river.	我沿着河走了段路
The sky became darker and darker.	天空变得越来越暗了
She's collecting material for a book.	她为一本书收集材料
The police seem to know exactly where we are.	警察看来很清楚我们在哪里
Happy New Year!	新年快乐
The man sold his soul to the devil.	这男人把他的灵魂卖给魔鬼
What do you want to say to me?	您想告诉我什么
She's older than Tom.	她年纪比汤姆大
No man can serve two masters.	没有人可以共侍二主
May I come and see you now?	我现在可以来看看你吗
You're a person.	你是人
We can't give up.	我们不能放弃
Tom's face is red.	汤姆的脸红了
Please put those chairs away.	请把那些椅子放好
We are going downtown to eat pizza.	我们要去市中心吃比萨
I asked him to wait here.	我请他在这里等
I love music.	我爱音乐
The nail tore his jacket.	这个钉子撕破了他的夹克
Tom took over after I left.	我走了后汤姆接手了
Why don't you sit down and relax?	你为什么不坐下来放松一下
I'm a stranger here.	我是这里的外地人
He was unsure how he would get there, and when.	他不确定他怎么到那里
There's still no end in sight.	还是看不见尽头
I wish she had come last night.	但愿她昨晚来就好了
Do you think it's a sign?	你认为这是个预兆吗
Tom is accustomed to getting up early.	汤姆习惯早起
I want to sing a song.	我想唱个歌
Will it take long to recover?	要很长的时间才能恢复吗
Did Tom send you?	汤姆派了你们来吗
I've already been punished.	我己经被惩罚了
What's the date today?	今天是几号
Why is Tom excited?	汤姆为什么兴奋
We have some encouraging news.	我们有一些令人鼓舞的消息
How old are your children?	你的孩子多大了
Fish such as carp and trout live in fresh water.	鱼类例如鲤鱼和鳟鱼生活在淡水中
I'd like to introduce you to my parents.	我想介绍你给我父母认识
We've got a situation.	我们有情况了
That isn't the problem.	不是这个问题
Excuse me, do you know what time it is?	不好意思
I asked Tom about his new book.	我问了汤姆关于他的新书的事
We have many rainy days in June.	六月下了很多天的雨
Sit wherever you like.	随便坐
There's an outside chance of winning.	赢的机会微乎其微
I was at home most of the day yesterday.	我昨天大部分时间在家
There wasn't anyone in the room.	房间里没有人
She seems to be unhappy.	她看起来不幸福
You are free to go.	你可以走了
Follow me.	请跟我来
I remember seeing her somewhere.	我记得在哪儿见过她
I did that all on my own.	这完全是我自己做的
She lives in a large house.	她住在一栋大房子里
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.	他昨天抵达东京
I have to help.	我必须帮忙
It's windy today.	今天有风
Which way is Central Park?	中央公园在哪个方向
You've got to wake up.	你必须醒醒
That's my younger sister's photograph.	那是我妹妹的照片
Learning French isn't hard.	学法语不难
Tom told me where he lived.	汤姆告诉我他住在哪里
He is able to speak ten languages.	他会讲十门语言
I don't recommend eating in that restaurant. The food is awful.	我不推荐在那家餐馆吃饭
I can't believe Tom just did that.	我不敢相信汤姆那么做了
This doesn't concern you.	跟你没半毛钱关系
Visiting all the tourist sights really wore me out.	参观所有观光胜地累坏了我
Cars are expensive.	车子很贵
His name is not on the list.	他的名字不在名单里
Tom wants Mary to study harder.	汤姆想让玛丽更努力地学习
Breathe through your nose.	用你的鼻子呼吸
I'm not your mother.	我不是你们的妈妈
He thought that he was a genius.	他认为他是个天才
I've been busy repairing things.	我一直在忙着修东西
Cut the melon into six equal pieces.	把瓜切成六等分
He has his own room.	他有自己的房间
He's not home.	他不在家
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed.	他给我们讲了一个有趣的故事
Water is essential to life.	水是生命所不可缺少的
He made his son a wealthy man.	他使他儿子成了个有钱人
I hiccup a lot.	我经常打嗝
My father is a doctor.	我父亲是个大夫
He lives next door to us.	他住在我们隔壁
I'd like your help.	我想请你们帮个忙
Is Tom jealous?	汤姆嫉妒吗
I can't take the place of her as an English teacher.	我无法取代她做英语老师
It is impossible to master English in a short time.	不可能短时间内学会英语
He got down the book from the shelf.	他从架上拿下书
Gold is far heavier than water.	金子比水重得多
She is eager to live in Australia.	她渴望住在澳洲
I'd like to pay by check.	我想用支票付款
I don't know what the next step should be.	我不知道下一步做什么
Could you possibly suggest a way to solve the problem?	你能提出解决问题的方法吗
Tom looks pale.	汤姆看起来很苍白
No matter what I do, she says I can do better.	不论我做什么
Please come whenever you like.	请你想什么时候来都可以
We would like you to come to our party.	我们希望你来我们的聚会
Be careful on your way back home.	回家的路上注意安全
I tried to stop that from happening.	我试着阻止它发生
For the other 600 million people, English is either a second language or a foreign language.	对于其他的六亿人口而言
Hurry up, or you'll miss the train.	快点
The taller of the two went out first.	他们两个里高的那一个先出来了
There is no cause for complaint.	没有理由抱怨
"We haven't seen each other since 2009." "Has it been that long?"	“	我们从
Tom made me do it.	是汤姆让我做的
I lost my notebook today.	今天我的笔记本掉了
This noise is driving me crazy.	这个噪声快把我逼疯了
You may choose whichever you want.	你可以选择任何你想要的
I belong to the swimming club.	我是游泳社的成员
Have you finished reading the book?	你读完这本书了吗
Developing political awareness takes time.	培养政治意识要花费时间
We watched a baseball game on television.	我们看了电视上的棒球比赛
Look in the mirror.	照镜子
He knows how to read Chinese.	他看得懂中文
Tom never wanted to try it.	汤姆从不想试试
The clock is above the fireplace.	时钟在壁炉的上方
I love her and she loves me.	我爱她
Thank you just the same.	还是要说谢谢的
He's strong.	他很强壮
The store can supply us with anything we need.	这家商店可以提供所有我们需要的东西
Champagne, please.	给我香槟
Please say it more loudly.	请说更大声一点
Would you like tea or something?	你需要茶或者别的什么吗
She left her son alone in the car.	她把她儿子独自留在了车里
I'll call you.	我会打电话给你
Tom follows orders.	汤姆服从命令
Can I open the window?	可以开窗吗
It's the only thing I can think of.	这是我唯一能想到的事了
Taxi fares will go up next month.	计程车费将在下个月涨价
We give a 10% discount for cash.	如用现金付款
This bread is very delicious.	这种面包很美味
Take care of yourself.	照顾好自己
He managed to get there in time.	他设法及时到达那里了
With just a little more effort, he would have succeeded.	如果他再努力一点
Tom is waiting for everyone to leave.	汤姆等着每个人都离开
Don't tell anyone this.	不要告诉任何人这件事
This box isn't as big as that one.	这个盒子没那个盒子大
It seems that most people only barbeque in the summer.	人们似乎只在夏天烤肉
I want you to stay here longer.	我希望你留在这儿久一点
We were in danger of losing our lives.	我们一度有失去生命的危险
What's the meaning of this word?	这个字的意思是什么
Does your school have a library?	你的学校有图书馆吗
I saw a light in the distance.	我看见远处有灯光
I'm not saying that what she did was right.	我的意思不是她做得对
She doesn't like sushi.	她不喜欢寿司
How are things at school?	学校怎么样
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.	雪梨是澳洲最大的城市
There are only three girls in the class.	这个班只有三个女生
Please help me.	请帮助我
Good luck. You'll need it.	祝你好运
Why have you been late to school every day this week?	为什么你这个礼拜每天上学都迟到
I can't say.	我不能说
The cab driver wasn't seriously injured.	出租车司机没有受重伤
The light is green now.	红绿灯现在是绿色的
Tom has been gone for ages.	汤姆年纪大去世了
He asked for a drink of water.	他要了水喝
Everybody knew that Tom could speak French well.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
I'm not guilty.	我没有罪
How curious!	真奇怪
I'll send my mother a letter.	我会给我的母亲寄封信
Tom clapped his hands.	汤姆拍了手
Are you nuts?	你不要命啦
Do you remember where we first met?	你还记得我们第一次见面是在哪里吗
I am interested in this story.	我对这个故事感兴趣
Your time is running out.	你的时间快用完了
The stars are shining very brightly in the sky tonight.	今晚的夜空星光非常明亮
Let Tom live.	给汤姆活路
She always smiles at me.	她总是对我微笑
Where did you go for vacation?	你去哪里度假了
You have to wait in line.	您必须排队
He left high school at seventeen.	他十七岁的时候离开了高中
I talked to friends.	我和朋友们交谈
Will you have time to have lunch with me?	你有时间跟我吃午饭吗
This isn't true love.	这不是真实的爱情
Who will take care of the baby?	谁将照顾这个婴儿
I had lost my pen.	我把我的钢笔弄丢了
She is watering the flowers.	她正在浇花
Bring me a sheet of paper, please.	请带一张纸给我
He is a tennis player.	他是个网球球手
You can go.	您可以走了
How many times have you seen this?	你看这看了多少次
It's your decision.	这是你的选择
There's no time to explain.	没时间解释
They speak English and French in Canada.	在加拿大
The calculator on the table is mine.	桌上的计算器是我的
Can I carry this on the plane?	我能把这个东西带到飞机上吗
How much is it?	它多贵
How do you view this matter?	您怎么看这个问题
I'll try not to disturb you while you're studying.	我会尽量不打扰你复习
A good idea came to him.	他想到一个好主意
I managed to get there in time.	我设法及时到那里
You don't understand.	你不懂
I want to clean the house before my parents come.	我想在我父母来之前收拾干净屋子
No problem!	没问题
She showed the visitor her baby.	她给客人看了她的宝宝
Why did you come here this morning?	今天早上你为什么来这里
Tom seems to be easygoing.	汤姆看来随和
These flowers grow in warm countries.	这些花生长在温暖的国家
She likes all kinds of sports.	她喜欢各种运动
Don't let them forget me.	别让他们忘了我
It's unfortunately true.	可惜这是真的
I really don't understand this problem.	我真的不懂这个问题
I'm sorry to always be bothering you.	我经常烦你
He is washing his car.	他正在洗他的车
Social customs vary from country to country.	国家不同
Tom embraced his son.	汤姆抱他儿子
There is an urgent need for medical supplies.	急需医疗用品
This camera is cheap.	这个相机很便宜
Tom said he wasn't sure what Mary wanted to do.	汤姆说他不确定玛丽想做什么
It's already nine o'clock.	已经
Whatever she says is true.	她说的每句话都是事实
Life is fun.	人生是有趣的
I must be leaving now.	我现在必须离开
I'm so worn out.	我好累
I'm sorry, but I can't hear you well.	对不起
You're sharp.	你很聪明
Lots of people in Japan are indifferent to politics.	很多日本人对政治冷淡
The movie is worth seeing at least two or three times.	这部电影至少值得看两三遍
I can't put up with that noise any longer.	我无法再忍受那噪音了
Both of my sisters are married.	我的两个姐妹都结婚了
I bought them each a present.	我买给了他们每人一份礼物
They make good use of their rooms.	他们好好地利用他们的房间
Step inside.	进来
What did you do over the weekend?	你整个周末做了什么
Water becomes solid when it freezes.	水结冰后成为固体
I would like to have a look at your collection of stamps.	我想看看您的邮票收藏
She took care of the children.	她照顾孩子们
They want more.	他们想要更多
We soon caught up with them.	我们很快就追上了他们
My room is upstairs on the left.	我的房间在楼上的左边
What's your phone number?	您的手机号码是多少
He leaned on his elbows.	他把身子靠在胳膊上
Tell me which you want.	告诉我你想要哪个
You're taller than most of Tom's friends.	你比汤姆的多数朋友都高
Are you all right?	你没事吧
I didn't get the point of his speech.	我没有抓到他演讲的重点
I'd like to join your group.	我想加入你们的团对
Tom doesn't like being treated like a child.	汤姆不喜欢被当作小孩
Don't put anything on top of the box.	盒子上面不要放任何东西
Why are you burning these pictures?	为什么你要烧这些图片呢
He was accused of stealing money.	他被指控偷钱
I am amazed at your audacity.	我对你的厚颜无耻感到惊讶
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often.	行胜于言
How many foreign languages can you speak?	他会几种外语
I want to know where they are.	我想知道他们在哪
I didn't know what to say.	我不知道该说些什么
Were you fat when you were in high school?	你在高中的时候胖吗
The mountain was covered with snow.	这座山被雪覆盖著
There is a school near my house.	我家附近有一所学校
Did Tom tell you it was an emergency?	你告诉汤姆那是紧急情况了吗
It can be used as a knife.	它可以被当成一把刀来用
I'm not a good swimmer.	我不擅长游泳
She must be over eighty.	她肯定超过
Tom says he has a plan.	汤姆说他有个计划
I was fired without cause.	我被无故辞退了
He changed schools last year.	去年他换了学校
Even a child can understand that.	即使是一个小孩子都能理解
The child cried loudly.	小孩大声呼叫
Many workers were laid off at that plant.	那个工厂开除了很多工人
I think it's fine.	我想没关系
I know where he comes from.	我知道他来自哪里
You have to get this work finished by noon.	你必须在中午以前完成这个工作
He can play both tennis and baseball.	他既会打网球
Please kill the lights.	请关灯
Have some more.	你该多吃点
The file is corrupt.	文件已损坏
Many improvements have been made since this century began.	本世纪初以来
This law is applicable to all cases.	此法适用于所有情况
He has plenty of money in the bank.	他在银行里有大量钱财
Tom was excited to go to the concert.	汤姆为去音乐会而激动
I'm on my way to meet Tom at the station right now.	我现在在去车站见汤姆的路上
The reservation is already made.	预订好了
I know everything that you've done.	我知道你做的所有事
The city fell into ruins.	这座城市成为了一片废墟
Are you planning to help them?	你打算帮助他们吗
He has at least one thousand books.	他至少有一千本书
He could not swim.	他不能游泳
"Does he like music?" "Yes, he does."	"	他喜欢音乐吗
A bird is singing in the tree.	一只鸟正在树上唱歌
Tom is worried for his safety.	汤姆担心他的安全
I'm not at all tired.	我根本不累
I want to tell Mary I love her.	我想告诉玛丽
I have nothing better to do.	我没有其他更好的事情去做
I know you're richer than me.	我知道你比我有钱
She was busy doing her homework.	她忙著做她的功课
That's quite meaningless.	这毫无意义
This is empty.	这是空的
She was wearing a blue coat.	她穿了一件蓝色大衣
This whisky is too strong.	这种威士忌太烈了
Is Tom with you?	汤姆和你在一起吗
He couldn't wait to try out his new surfboard.	他迫不及待地想试一下他的新冲浪板
We sell orange juice.	我们卖柳橙汁
He's a DJ.	他是一个
No pain, no gain.	苦尽甘来
I'm sorry, but I really have to go.	我很抱歉
I slipped the letter to him.	我悄悄把信给了他
What're you going to do this weekend?	你这个周末要做什么
I was expecting you last night.	昨天晚上我等著你来
Your breath smells.	你有口臭
Excuse me.	对不起
It might be a wedding.	这可能是一场婚礼
He invited me to dinner.	他邀请我吃晚饭
My house is five blocks away.	我家离这里五个街区远
Tom was trying hard not to laugh out loud.	汤姆拼命地忍住笑声
Do you usually have tea for breakfast?	你经常早餐喝茶吗
She is walking.	她在行走
Is it true that you built this house by yourself?	你真是自己造了这栋房子吗
Tom isn't dumb.	汤姆不傻
They attacked the enemy.	他们进攻了敌人
She's not prettier than her mother.	她没有比她妈妈更漂亮
I don't like that.	我不喜欢
I told you not to talk about the matter in her presence.	我跟你说过她在的时候不要说这件事
What's the number for the Tokyo Dome?	东京巨蛋的电话号码是多少
Tom gave Mary a ride to Boston.	汤姆载玛丽去波士顿
Hand me the remote.	把遥控器递给我
I don't have anything else I have to do today.	我今天没有更多的事要做的了
He could not forsake his friend in trouble.	他不会抛下落难的朋友不管
I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.	我一点都不知道这会给你带来那么多问题
Let's take a short break.	让我们休息一会儿
Tom asked Mary where she'd put the key.	汤姆问玛丽她把钥匙放在哪里了
By the way, my English is absolutely hopeless.	顺道一提
Nobody's going to shed any tears if that old building gets torn down.	没有人会为这个旧建筑物的拆除而落泪
So, where's the problem?	所以
He told his son an interesting story.	他给他儿子讲了一个有趣的故事
Tom was very scared.	汤姆非常害怕
It's already past ten o'clock.	已经过了十点钟了
Our car broke down last night.	我们的昨晚车抛锚了
He hurt his left foot when he fell.	当他跌倒时
I woke up at five this morning.	我今天早上五点醒来
He just arrived.	他刚到
My room looks out on the street.	从我的房间望出去是街道
You're lying, aren't you?	在撒谎吧
Nobody likes being laughed at.	没有人喜欢被人嘲笑
I'll eat it here.	我会在这里把它吃了
Let go of my arm! I can't stand people touching me.	放开我的手臂
Where's the dining room?	餐厅在哪里
This is how I made it.	这就是我的办法
Let me know where you're staying.	让我知道你住在哪里
The skin of a shark is much rougher than that of a tuna fish.	鲨鱼皮比金枪鱼皮粗糙多了
I don't know how to handle children.	我不知道如何对待孩子
These shoes are too big for me.	这双鞋对我来说太大了
They won many competitions.	他们赢了许多比赛
My sister made me a beautiful doll.	我姊姊做了一个漂亮的娃娃给我
Almost all the work is done now.	几乎所有的工作都完成了
She is a teacher.	她是女教师
I met Mary yesterday.	昨天我遇见了玛丽
Tom already knew the truth.	汤姆己经知道了真相
I am just going for a walk.	我只是去散散步
He made mistakes on purpose to annoy me.	他为了惹恼我故意犯错
Come over to my house.	来我家吧
Your friend's very late, isn't he?	你的朋友来得很晚
What do we want?	我们要什么
My father is an office worker.	我父亲是一名办公室职员
Can you speak French well?	你法语说得好吗
Is there anything I can do?	有什么事我可以做吗
Tom got a late start this morning.	汤姆今早出发晚了
Let's meet again soon.	让我们很快地再次见面
My opinion is different from yours.	我的想法和你的不一样
Tom wasn't thirsty.	汤姆不渴
Your shoes are here.	你的鞋在这儿
No words can express her deep sorrow.	她的悲伤无法言喻
Can you explain the exact meaning of this word?	你能否说出这个词的精确意思
Tom is studying to become a marine biologist.	汤姆正在为成为海洋生物学家学习
Would you mind lending me your pencil?	你介意借我你的笔吗
Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial killer.	汤姆不知道玛丽是个连环杀手
I've been in prison.	我进过监狱
Tom played the violin.	汤姆拉小提琴
What are you doing that for?	你正在做的那个东西是做什么用的
My parents won't let me go out with boys.	我父母不让我和男生约会
Why aren't you coming with us?	你为什么不和我们一起来
At last, she gave in to him and told him the secret.	最后
She has very few close friends.	她的密友很少
I love spending time with Tom.	我喜欢花时间和
Is the post office still closed?	邮局还关着门吗
She is my girlfriend.	她是我的女朋友
I'd like to go skiing.	我喜欢去滑雪
He insured himself.	他给自己投了保险
What are your strengths and weaknesses?	你们的优点和缺点是什么
It isn't something that anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
He acted like a lunatic.	他表现的像个疯子
The students performed Hamlet.	学生们表演哈姆雷特
Tom can't decide whether to buy a Toyota or a Ford.	汤姆不能决定买丰田还是福特
There's something in your hair.	你头发上粘着什么东西
He is a waiter in a seaside restaurant.	他是一家海滨餐厅的服务员
We have to wash the clothes.	我们得洗衣服
Most people brush their teeth at least two times a day.	多数人每天至少刷两次牙
I'm Tom's dad.	我是汤姆的父亲
"How are you?" "I am fine, thank you."	“	你怎么样
Is this ladder strong enough to bear my weight?	这个梯子是否足够坚固以承受我的重量
I think it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.	我觉得汤姆不太可能会当选
Tom managed to find a new job.	汤姆找到了新工作
You should read many books when you are young.	应该趁年轻多读点书
It's too bad that you couldn't come.	你不能来真是太糟糕了
It is ten degrees below zero now.	现在是零下十度
Here are some interesting links.	这里有些有趣的连结
Her father made her tell him everything.	她的父亲要她告诉他一切
I can't follow Tom's logic.	我跟不上汤姆的逻辑
Hold on a moment, please.	请稍等一下
Tom is smashed.	汤姆醉了
Do you want me to make coffee?	你要我煮咖啡吗
It takes me ten minutes to walk to school.	我走路
I often played tennis with her.	我常常和她打网球
I made her angry.	我让她生气
These shoes are too tight. They hurt.	这些鞋子太紧了
He came from a tiny mountain town.	他来自一个小山城
He made his way through the crowd.	他设法穿过了人群
I waited an hour for my friend.	我等我的一个朋友等了一小时
I'm just a plain office worker.	我只是一个普通的上班族
Tom is the easy-going sort.	汤姆是容易相处的类型
Who told you that?	是谁给你说那个的呢
The cake is too sweet.	这个蛋糕太甜了
She is looking for her missing wallet.	她正在找她不见了的皮夹
I'm afraid to go alone.	我害怕一个人去
I played tennis yesterday for the first time.	昨天我第一次打了网球
Tom can't sleep without a light on.	Tom	没办法在没有亮灯的时候入睡
Tom said he's considered quitting his job.	汤姆说他考虑辞职
The fish tasted like salmon.	这鱼吃著像三文鱼
I go to school by subway.	我搭地铁上学
As you sow, so will you reap.	种瓜得瓜
The sky today is the bluest that I've ever seen it.	今天的天空是我看过最蓝的天空
I'll treat you to sushi.	我会请你吃寿司
You're sloshed.	你们喝多了
They always wake up early, even on Sundays.	他们总是早起
You're making progress.	你在进步
I studied for a while this morning.	我今天早上读了一会儿书
He has strange ideas.	他有着奇妙的想法
Tom is reading an essay.	汤姆在读一篇短文
Did you really think I was going to help you?	你真的以为我会帮你吗
I stayed home all day instead of going to work.	我没有去工作
I had a wonderful time.	我度过了美好的时光
I wish I were young.	但愿我还年轻
I tried to smile.	我试著微笑
Do you know how to use a computer?	您会使用计算机吗
A permanent job is better than a temporary one.	正式工比临时工要好
She pushed him out the window.	她把他推出窗户
This shirt needs ironing.	这衬衫需要熨
Never have I seen such a beautiful sunset.	我从没见过那么壮丽的日落景色
I met him just as he was coming out of school.	正当他从学校回来的时候
However hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.	无论我多么努力尝试
Life without love has no meaning.	没有爱的人生没有意义
The telephone is ringing.	电话正在响
She has been to Paris.	她去过巴黎
Please wait for me at the station.	请在车站等我
I want something to read.	我要些读的东西
I always think of him when I'm alone.	我孤单的时候总会想起他
I am pleased with his work.	对于他的工作我很满意
This is the room where the body was found.	这就是发现尸体的房间
It's my CD, isn't it?	这是我的
The hallway needs to be wide enough for a wheelchair.	走廊要宽得能容下轮椅
I've already finished my homework.	我已经完成了我的作业
The paint was peeling off the wall.	油漆从墙上脱落
The skies are clear.	天空很晴朗
He is lying through his teeth.	他明显在撒谎
I noticed that she was wearing new glasses.	我注意到她戴着新眼镜
Tom wished he could understand French.	汤姆希望他能懂法语
Whose is this car?	这台汽车是谁的
I won't be home next Sunday.	我下周日不在家
I don't know whether I have time or not.	我不知道有没有时间
Tom tore the ticket to bits.	汤姆把票撕成碎片
Their contract is to run out at the end of this month.	他们的合同在这个月底到期
I'd like an aisle seat, please.	请给我靠走道的位子
Your order has been submitted.	您的订单已经提交了
I do forgive Tom.	我真的原谅汤姆
This pamphlet is free of charge.	这本小册子是免费的
I'm almost done.	我差不多完成了
I haven't done that since high school.	高中毕业之后我就没那样做过了
I don't see any difference.	我看不出有什么差别
English has become an international language.	英语成为了一门国际语言
Not all aliens are bad.	不是所有外星人都坏
How long does it take to get to the train station?	去火车站要多久
I don't really like him, in fact, I hate him.	我不太喜欢他
Who are you looking at?	你在看谁
Do you like my new haircut?	你喜欢我的新发型吗
Two tears fell down her cheeks.	两滴眼泪从她的脸颊滑落下来
Salt helps to preserve food from decay.	盐可以帮助保存食物避免腐烂
I rode a horse for the first time yesterday.	昨天我第一次骑了马
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.	狡兔三窟
Tom wants popcorn.	汤姆要爆米花
Excuse me, how much is this sweater?	请问下
Are you coming along with us?	你要跟我们一起来吗
We have many goals.	我们有许多目标
He was scared when the monkey jumped at him.	猴子跳到他身上的时候
They made up and became friends again.	他们和解了
He asked me a question.	他问了我一个问题
Please sing a song.	请唱一首歌
"Where's your book?" "On the table."	「	你的书在哪
That's because you're a girl.	那是因为妳是女生
He slipped me a note.	他悄悄地递给我一张纸条
I can't distinguish a frog from a toad.	我无法区分青蛙和蟾蜍
My father neither smokes nor drinks.	我的父亲不抽烟也不喝酒
I don't have a bicycle.	我没有脚踏车
Please move your bicycle out of here.	请将您的自行车移出这里
She may be late, in which case we will wait.	她可能迟到
I no longer love Tom.	我不再爱汤姆了
He can drive a car.	他会开车
What color do you think Tom likes?	你觉得汤姆喜欢什么颜色
The traffic light turned green.	红绿灯变成绿色了
I went to three funerals last month.	上个月我参加了三场葬礼
I'm not satisfied with my English ability.	我不满意我的英语能力
I can't afford it.	我负担不起
My parents won't let me date.	我父母不让我和男生约会
It looks like an orange.	它看起来像橙子
Did I leave my umbrella here?	我把雨伞落在这里了吗
Did Tom ever tell you how he first met Mary?	汤姆告诉你他初次见玛丽的事了吗
Thank you for your invitation.	感谢您的邀请
I'm going to check.	我正要去签到
I'm feeling good this morning.	我今天早晨感觉良好
I need to take notes.	我需要作笔记
Tom needed to wash his car.	汤姆需要洗他的车
Other than Sundays, I work every day.	我除了星期天外每天都上班
I can't change what happened yesterday.	我没法改变昨天发生的事情
I'm already over thirty.	我已经三十多了
This is the best.	这是最好的
He showed us his mother's picture.	他给我们看他母亲的照片
Tickets are on sale now.	现在售票
What have you been doing recently?	最近在干些什么
My room is just below.	我的房间就在楼下
This size is too large for me.	这个码对我来说太大了
Thanks for your reply.	谢谢你的答复
Tom'll wait.	汤姆会等
You must not go out after dinner.	晚饭后你不可以外出
They are very big apples.	他们是非常大的苹果
I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.	我会不高兴
Your CV has really impressed me.	你的履历给我留下深刻的印象
Could you send me a brochure?	你能寄宣传册给我吗
Stop getting yourself worked up over little things.	不要让自己因为一些小事就方寸大乱了
This is just between you and me.	这只是我们之间的秘密
He can read English easily.	他能轻松地读英语
What were you doing at that time?	当时你在做什么
English is a Germanic language.	英语是一种日耳曼语
Do you have a red pencil?	你有红色的铅笔吗
They don't know each other very well.	他们不太认识对方
Tom said he was ill, which was a lie.	汤姆说他病了
Let's play baseball after school.	让我们放学后打棒球
Tom isn't foolish.	汤姆不傻
There are many Americans who can speak Japanese.	有很多美国人会说日语
Wine made here is very famous.	这里制造的葡萄酒非常有名
I often look up words in that dictionary.	我经常用那本词典找单词
You're about three days late.	你大约遅了三天
I can't do anything.	我不会做任何事
My dad will kill me.	我爸会杀了我的
Your father is pretty tall.	你爸爸很高
The poor young man finally became a great artist.	这个可怜的年轻人最后成为了一个了不起的艺术家
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light.	沿着这条路直走
He has three older sisters.	他有三个姐姐
It is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood in public.	有时很难在公众场合表达你自己的意思
She spoke scarcely a word of English.	她几乎不说英语
Are you free now?	现在有空吗
I met him on my way home.	我在回家的路上遇到了他
The train is due to arrive at noon.	火车该在中午到
I suspect that Tom is tired of doing that.	我怀疑汤姆已经厌烦这么做了
Who do you usually go to the movies with?	你一般和谁去看电影
Looks are not everything.	外表并不是全部
Close the gate.	关门
I admire his courage.	我佩服他的勇气
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.	我不喜欢茶
I have wine.	我有酒
Could you put this coat somewhere?	您能把这件大衣放在某个地方
Tom won't be able to do that job.	汤姆做不了那项工作
I don't know what Tom's plan is.	我不知道汤姆的计划是甚么
Let's call it a day.	今天就到此为止吧
We took a walk along the river.	我们沿著河散步
You know very well what I want.	你很清楚我想要什么
Everyone was surprised.	所有人都很吃惊
I thought Tom and Mary were crazy.	我本以为汤姆和玛丽疯了呢
I wish I were a good singer.	但愿我是一个好歌手
You'd better start now.	你最好现在就开始
I wish we had won the game.	但愿我们赢了这场比赛就好了
There seem to be several reasons for his failure.	他的失败看来有几个原因
Tom isn't going to give me that.	汤姆不会同意的
I'd like to order drinks now.	我现在想点饮料
I admit that he is right.	我承认他是对的
You should go in person.	你应该亲自去
His life after retirement was unhappy.	他退休后的生活不快乐
Do you come here often?	您经常来这儿吗
I need something to write with.	我需要一些用来写字的东西
The tourists were fascinated with the exquisite scenery.	观光客被独特的景致所吸引
Have you heard from her recently?	你最近有她的音讯吗
They went to the station by car.	他们开车去车站
Would you like to come along?	你想一起去吗
You can't have it both ways.	既要马好
My husband earns $100,000 a year.	我丈夫一年收入
We'd better talk.	我们最好谈谈
I agree with him on that point.	我在那一个观点上同意他
Tom complained that Mary never helped him.	汤姆埋怨玛丽从来不帮他
The boy was shirtless.	男孩赤裸着上身
You sure were noisy last night.	你昨晚确实很吵
All the desk drawers were empty.	所有的办公桌抽屉都是空的
I think she is very brave.	我觉得她很勇敢
Buddhism had its beginnings in India.	佛教起源于印度
I don't remember.	我不记得了
I find it much easier to speak French than English.	对我来说法语比英语说起来简单得多
Tom bought a house for Mary.	汤姆给玛丽买了个房子
It has been raining since Sunday.	从周日开始一直在下雨
Don't tell anyone that I wet the bed.	别告诉任何人我尿床了
They stepped a few paces forward.	他们前进了几步
I had a weird dream last night.	我昨晚做了一个奇怪的梦
I think someone's knocking on the door.	我想有人在敲门
All of them agreed to the proposal.	他们所有的人都同意这项建议
Tom rolled down his window.	汤姆拉下了他的窗户
I intend to go to the barbershop.	我打算去理发店
The sale prices are written in red ink.	售价用红墨水写
For some reason the microphone didn't work earlier.	刚才我的麦克风没起作用
Be calm.	冷静点
I attached my signature to the document.	我签署了文件
A baseball came flying through the window.	一颗棒球从窗外飞了进来
I don't understand any French.	我一点法语都不懂
I have two cars.	我有两辆车
Tom didn't know what Mary thought about it.	汤姆不知道玛丽对它怎么想
She gave me this compact disc.	她给了我这个光碟
I have not yet finished my supper.	我还没吃完晚饭
We spent the weekend with friends.	我们和朋友一起度过周末
Tom often walks to school.	汤姆经常步行去学校
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.	自从她在厨房里摔倒后
Thank you for your cooperation.	谢谢您的合作
The doctor may have said so.	医生也许这么说过
I don't belong to any club.	我不属于任何社团
I'll have to come here every year.	我每年必须来这里
She complained about my low salary.	她抱怨我的工资低
I went to the park last Saturday.	上个星期六我去了公园
You seem to be a little under the weather.	你看上去不太好
How often do you see him?	您多久见他一次
Tom slept through the entire movie.	汤姆在整场电影放映时都在睡觉
The little cabin was bathed in moonlight.	小木屋沐浴在月光之中
Don't beat around the bush.	不要拐弯抹角
I don't want to wait that long.	我不想等那么久
Smiles do not always indicate pleasure.	微笑并不一定表示高兴
We got permission to park here.	我们有在这里停车的许可
Large houses are not necessarily comfortable to live in.	大房子不一定适合住
His house is not far from here.	他家离这儿不远
Let's go now.	我们现在去吧
I'm on your side.	我站在你这边
I wish to visit Egypt someday.	我希望有一天去埃及
I trust you.	我信任你
We played basketball yesterday.	我们昨天打篮球
This piece of music is way too difficult for me to play.	这首曲子对我来说太难演奏了
These cameras are made in Japan.	这些照相机是在日本制造的
In Canada, there are many areas where it is illegal to log trees.	在加拿大有很多区域砍伐树木是非法的
What's wrong with my legs?	我的腿有什么毛病
I don't mind hot weather.	我不在乎炎热的天气
We must deal fairly with these people.	我们必须公平地对待这些人
She likes walking alone.	她喜欢独自散步
He seems to be rich.	他看起来很有钱
We got lost in the woods.	我们在树林中迷路了
The girl brought me a red and a white rose.	女孩给了我一枝红玫瑰和一枝白玫瑰
I'm going out this afternoon.	今天下午我会外出
Tell Tom everything is fine.	告诉汤姆一切都好
This document was actually written by Tom.	这文件其实是汤姆写的
He stopped reading the newspaper.	他停止了读报
You'd better not wait here.	你最好不要在这里等
Your English has improved a lot.	你的英语进步了很多
Tom lives three miles east of here.	汤姆在这以东三哩的地方住
After a long argument, I finally persuaded her to go camping.	经过长久的争论
My house is a long way from here.	我家离这儿很远
You should make better use of your free time.	你要更好地利用闲暇时间
Tom owes us a favor.	汤姆欠我们个情
I admire his courage.	我很佩服他的勇气
Is there a timetable?	有时间表吗
I didn't even think of it.	我连想都不想
Lend me your dictionary, please.	请把你的字典借给我
How stupid of me to do so!	我干了件什么傻事啊
You don't know who I am.	您不知道我是谁
Ten years is a long time.	十年是很长的时间
Well, let's get the ball rolling.	那么
Mary is interested in politics.	玛丽对政治感兴趣
I found it by chance.	我偶然找到了它
If we don't hurry, we'll be late.	再不快点就迟到了噢
He loves her. She loves him, too.	他爱她
Tom is a man, and I'm a woman.	汤姆是男人
I should have taken the money.	我应该拿那些钱的
I'll take this umbrella.	我将拿这把伞
Everyone said that I was wrong.	大家都说我是错的
Do you have your student identification card?	你有学生证吗
I hate Mondays.	我讨厌星期一
I was impressed with her work.	她的作品给我留下了深刻印象
Should I wash the lettuce?	我应该洗莴苣吗
I'm hoping that that'll happen.	我希望那会发生
I agree with you absolutely.	我完全赞同你
How's the weather there?	那里的天气怎么样
Did you hear what I said?	你听见我说的了吗
Tell me when to stop.	告诉我甚么时候停下
Because of the snow, I couldn't see anything.	因为下雪了
Can you pass me the milk?	可以把牛奶递给我吗
It's getting warmer day by day.	天日渐回暖
Who did you hang out with last weekend?	你上周末跟谁闲逛了
I noticed a note on my desk, but I don't know who wrote it.	我发现了我办公桌上有张字条
I consider myself fairly fluent in French.	我认为自己的法语相当流利
Will you all be here tomorrow?	明天你一整天都会在这里吗
He said, "It's nine o'clock."	他说
Maybe you could draw me a picture.	你可以给我画张画
Tom worries a lot about money.	汤姆很担心钱的问题
Let's eat now. I'm dying of hunger.	咱们吃吧
She goes to a girls' high school.	她上女子高中
They made us work all night.	他们要我们整夜工作
Who taught you how to dance?	谁教你跳舞的
You're an idiot.	你是一个笨蛋
He is always studying.	他总是在读书
Please feel free to call me up.	请随时都可以打电话给我
Their house is being remodeled.	他们的房子正在装潢
I heard my name called.	我听见有人叫我
The sky was filled with airplanes.	天上满是飞机
I live on the outskirts of Tokyo.	我住在东京郊区
This is exactly what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
Nothing ever makes him angry.	没有什么事曾让他愤怒
You don't have to go to the party unless you want to.	除非你想去
Please save electricity.	请节约用电
I'd bought it the week before.	我一周前已经买了
Shame on you!	你真丢脸
I feel like taking a walk now.	我现在想要散步
I forget where I put my hat.	我忘了我把我的帽子放在哪里了
How did you reply?	你回答了什么
Kill them.	杀了他们
Put the book on the top shelf.	把书放在最上面的架子上
I'm a professor.	我是大学教授
I should obey.	我应该服从
This is the house where he lives.	这是他住的房子
That's exactly what I wanted to see happen.	这刚好是我想看到它发生的
Tom has forgotten how to do that.	汤姆忘了怎么做
It is ten minutes before eleven.	还有十分钟就十一点
I agree with your opinion about taxes.	我同意你对于税的意见
I have class tomorrow.	我明天有课
Opinions vary from person to person.	观点因人而异
I've seen that.	我见过
My uncle gave me his car.	我叔叔给了我他的车
She was almost late for school.	她上学几乎迟到
I'm not as optimistic as you.	我没有你那么乐观
Come on, trust me.	来吧
Tom began to talk.	汤姆开始说话
I'll tell my wife.	我会告诉我的妻子
I'm fairly confident I can do that.	我相当有自信我能做到这一点
The fence will be painted by Tom tomorrow.	Tom	明天将漆栅栏
It's warm in here.	这里是温暖的
This stuff is worth its weight in gold!	这个东西很有价值
How did you know that was my favorite one?	你怎么知道那是我最喜欢的
I can't go.	我走不了
Three months later, Tom was dead.	三个月后
What would you like to be in the future?	你以后想当什么呢
Sociopaths rarely display remorse or feelings of guilt for their crimes.	反社会者极少为他们的罪行显露懊悔或有罪恶的感觉
It's just what I expected.	它正是我所期待的
I want a dozen cream puffs.	我要一打奶油泡芙
He looks young, but actually he is over forty.	他看起来年轻
We'll do that.	我们会去做
If that man makes one more mistake, I'll fire him.	如果那个男人再犯一个错误
I used to go out with friends every weekend.	我曾经每周末都和朋友外出
This house belongs to my uncle.	这栋房子属于我的叔叔
He likes to go to the beach now and then.	他喜欢偶尔去海边
I'll take that as a compliment.	我就当你夸我了
I walked three-fourths of a mile.	我走了四分之三英里
This really is great weather.	这真的是个好天气
They are breaking down the wall.	他们正在拆这面墙
The nurses are very nice.	护士们都很和善
She has a very open personality.	她是个很坦率的人
They're speaking French.	他们在说法语
She has buried her only son.	她埋葬了她的独生子
Tom didn't return my phone calls.	汤姆没有回我的电话
He makes good use of his talents.	他善用他的天赋
I listened to some CDs last night.	我昨晚了听一些唱片光碟
I think I've done enough.	我认为我做得够了
Children really like playing on the beach.	孩子们非常喜欢在海滩上玩耍
Tom and I weren't the ones who complained.	汤姆和我不是抱怨的人
There's no possibility of his coming.	他不可能来
I'd like to change yen to dollars.	我想把日元换成美元
Will he be here soon?	他很快就会到这里吗
She was aching from head to foot.	她浑身酸痛
She went for a walk.	她去散步了
Was this letter written by Mary?	这封信是玛丽写的吗
If Tom can't tell me, then no one can.	如果汤姆不能告诉我
He wears glasses.	他戴眼镜
She doesn't like soccer.	她不喜欢足球
What are we having for dinner?	我们晚饭吃什么
I was feeling blue all day.	我一整天都觉得很消沉
I know Tom is watching me.	我知道汤姆在看着我
I can't find my pen.	我找不到我的笔
Tom heard Mary's voice.	汤姆听见了玛丽的声音
He did not answer the phone, so I sent him an email.	他没有接电话
How do you account for that?	你怎么解释那个
I ran across an old friend near the bank.	我在银行附近碰见老朋友
Tom was the one that told us about the problem.	汤姆是告诉我们问题的人
I found a beautiful shell on the shore.	我在海滩上发现了一个漂亮的贝壳
What in the world are you getting at?	你到底想暗示什么
Try it once more.	再试一次
Don't listen to her.	别听她的
You should think before you speak.	你在说话前应该先思考
I would like to know her name.	我想知道她的名字
Drink up. We've got to go.	喝完吧
I missed a lot.	我错过了很多
I went there yesterday.	昨天我去了那里
I want to sleep.	真想睡过去啊
You are free to go home.	你随时可以回家
She will be seventeen next year.	她明年将满十七岁
Of course she can speak English.	她当然会讲英语
One's new. The other's old.	一个是新的
What do you think I was doing before?	你觉得我之前在做什么
I wish I could buy you everything you wanted.	我希望我能买下你想要的所有东西
He likes listening to the radio.	他喜欢听收音机
Don't let that happen again!	不要再让这种事发生了
My team is always losing.	我们队总是输
She is collecting material for a book.	她为一本书收集材料
She doesn't have any friends or relatives to take care of her.	她没有任何亲戚朋友照顾她
It's too early.	太早了
We've run short of money.	我们缺钱了
I always walk to school.	我总是走路到学校
That is the office where he works.	那是他工作的办公室
This book of his isn't interesting at all.	他的这本书一点意思也没有
It's too expensive.	这太贵了
Tom doesn't have any shoes on.	汤姆没穿鞋
I could swim well even when I was a child.	我很小的时候就游得很好了
I was still an amateur at that time.	我那时还是个外行
I need to hit the sack.	我该去睡觉了
If you sang, they'd kick you out of the bar.	如果你唱歌了
He went to see his grandfather off at the station.	他去车站送爷爷了
How many people are in this room?	在这个房间里有多少人
I didn't know who Tom was at first.	我一开始不知道汤姆是谁
He convinced me of his innocence.	他让我相信他是无辜的
Don't underestimate my power.	不要低估我的力量
The bus stop is across the street.	公车站牌就在街对面
We enjoyed watching TV.	我们喜欢看电视
She made me a nice dress.	她做了一件好看的衣服给我
I hate the winter.	我恨冬天
Shame on you.	你真丢脸
Are you free this weekend?	这个周末你有时间吗
I don't want to cause any more trouble.	我不想再惹事了
It's none of your concern.	这不关你的事
There is a good chance that gasoline prices will go up.	油价上涨的可能性很高
I would like your picture.	我想要你的照片
She is as beautiful as Snow White.	她像白雪公主一样漂亮
She kept me waiting for 30 minutes.	她让我等了
Do you know how to play mahjong?	你知道怎么打麻将吗
A true friend would not say such a thing.	如果真的是朋友的话
We'll change trains at the next station.	我们会在下一站换火车
My grandfather is in his nineties.	我祖父九十多岁了
This table is heavy.	这张桌子很重
I can do it alone.	我可以独自做
I don't feel like watching TV.	我不高兴看电视
That bag is mine.	那是我的包
The difference in their ages is six years.	他们差六岁
She loves Tom.	她爱汤姆
What's your home address?	你家的地址是什么
He never drinks alcohol.	他从不喝酒
Stop looking for problems, Tom.	别找事
I know what I did was wrong.	我知道我做错了
I'm an atheist.	我是无神论者
One of us has to go.	我们中的一个得走
Should we add a little more salt?	我们该不该再加点盐
Tom said that he's glad he could do that.	汤姆说他很高兴他能做
Tom mopped the floor.	汤姆擦了地板
What is your opinion on this matter?	关于那个你有什么看法
Please come back as soon as possible.	请尽快回来
What's Tom's blood type?	汤姆的血型是甚么
Tom changed clothes.	汤姆换了衣服
When I first came back to Boston, I was really lonely.	当我第一次回波士顿时
He told the students to be quiet.	他告诉了学生要安静
We must conform to the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
Quality is more important than quantity.	数量不如质量
When do you want to go?	你什么时候要去
I can't understand this at all.	我一点也不懂这个
Don't judge a book by its cover.	不要根据封面来判断一本书
I want a few potatoes.	我要几个土豆
That hat cost around fifty dollars.	那顶帽子花费了大约五十美元
I gave them clothing and some food.	我给了他们衣服和一些食物
How is your business going?	你的生意进展如何
You know where the problem lies.	你知道问题在哪里
I met her in London for the first time.	我第一次遇见她是在伦敦
Tom knows that I used to live in Boston.	汤姆知道我在波士顿住过
My house is close to the park.	我的房子靠近公园
The red hat goes well with her dress.	这顶红帽子很衬她的裙子
She lived a long life.	她活了很久
We need to get some help.	我们需要人帮忙
Don't worry about such a thing.	不要担心这样的事情
Fear quickly turned into anger.	恐惧很快变成愤怒
Does it please you?	它令您快乐吗
Could you put it in plain language?	您可以简单点儿说吗
I can't sleep at all!	完全睡不着
What languages are you good at speaking?	你擅长说哪种语言
Tom worked very hard and earned a lot of money.	汤姆努力工作挣了好多钱
There's something I have to say.	有些事我必须说
Tom could've dealt with the problem in a better way.	汤姆本可以用更好的方式处理问题
She could hardly keep from laughing when she saw the dress.	当她看到那件衣服
I hate winter.	我讨厌冬天
Where else should we go?	我们要去其他的什么地方
I doubt if Tom is single.	我怀疑汤姆是单身
She is very pretty.	她很可爱
He will be my deputy while I am away.	我不在的时候
Do you know what compound words are?	你知道什么是复合词吗
The police assembled a lot of evidence against him.	警察收集了很多对他不利的证据
I'm going to register at a gym.	我去注册一家健身房
I made a bet that she would win the game.	我赌她赢这比赛
Why are you so smart?	为什么你的脑袋那么聪明呢
I'm sitting in the railway station.	我坐在火车站里
You're lucky to have such a good job.	你很幸运能有这么好的工作
Please close the door.	请关门
Could you help me find my dog?	你能帮我找到我的狗吗
What does it mean?	这是什么意思
There are three survivors.	有三个幸存者
Tom quit.	汤姆不干了
Big fish eat little fish.	大鱼吃小鱼
She had a new dress made.	她让人做了一条新连衣裙
Can Tom help us?	汤姆可以帮我们吗
Tom needs a friend.	汤姆需要一个朋友
Remember to mail this letter tomorrow morning.	明天早上记得去寄这封信
Tom said that it was a diamond.	汤姆说它是钻石
John's two years older than me.	John	比我大两岁
Do you have any plans for tomorrow?	明天你有什么安排没有
How far away is the airport?	到机场有多远
I think Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.	我觉得当汤姆发现他买来的画是赝品的时候
I know it's difficult to believe.	我知道
I want another beer.	我想再来一杯啤酒
Do you know if my father is still in the office?	你知道我父亲是否还在办公室吗
You have to choose.	你必须选
You aren't afraid of ghosts, are you?	你不怕鬼
I also had a very good time.	我也过得很愉快
Whose bicycle is this?	这辆自行车是谁的
You ought to listen to your mother.	你该听妈妈的话
She has a pretty doll.	她有个漂亮的洋娃娃
I listened to some records last night.	我昨晚听了一些唱片
I want to ask what his phone number is.	我想问他的电话号码是多少
Don't exceed the speed limit.	不要超速
She ripped her dress on a branch.	她在树枝上把自己的裙子扯烂了
How do I get to the police?	我怎么去警察局
She hates carrots.	她讨厌胡萝卜
Where do I pay for the gas?	我该在哪儿付煤气费
At the age of six, I was taken to a circus for the first time.	在我六岁的时候
I hate mosquitoes.	我恨蚊子
She married a musician.	她和一位音乐家结了婚
I know everyone here.	我认识这里的每个人
She has kept a diary for 3 years.	她已经写了三年的日记
This is a picture of my mother.	这张是我妈妈的照片
He was the strongest candidate for the position.	他是那个职位最有希望的候选人
"Why are you going to Japan?" "To attend a conference in Tokyo."	“	你去日本干嘛
He was absent from school yesterday.	他昨天没来上学
Tom is standing in the garden.	汤姆在花园里站着
That boy over there is probably Tom's brother.	那边的那个男孩很可能是汤姆的兄弟
I was just talking about Tom.	我仅仅是在和
She is eating.	她吃
Tom slept.	汤姆睡了
Who would want to live here?	谁会想住在这里
It is strange that he should say so.	他这么说很奇怪
Why do you guys always fight?	你们为什么老打架
There are some eggs in the box.	盒子里有一些蛋
Did you read the article?	你看文章了没
She refused to accept the money.	她拒绝接受这笔钱
I'll give you anything that you want.	我会给你任何你想要东西
I prefer hardwood floors to carpet.	我喜欢硬木地板胜过地毯
I'd like to hear you play the piano.	我想听你弹钢琴
Tom came to see if Mary needed any help.	汤姆过来看看玛丽有没有什么需要帮忙的
We were robbed.	我们被偷了
The suspect's gender is currently unknown.	嫌疑犯目前性别不明
He's very angry.	他非常生气
Why should we help?	为什么我们应该要帮助
There is no scientific basis for these claims.	这些主张没有科学的根据
I think the wind's dropping off.	我想
Tom sat at his desk working.	汤姆在他的桌边工作
"What do you think of the election for mayor?" "I don't know."	“	你对市长选举怎么看
I know people think I'm odd.	我知道人们认为我古怪
I just don't like it.	我就是不喜欢它
Keep quiet.	保持安静
Edison was not a bright student.	爱迪生不是个优秀的学生
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.	隔壁的男孩常常晚回家
I am fond of cars.	我喜欢车
Everybody was singing except me.	除我以外每个人都在歌唱
Tom is lonely.	汤姆很孤独
It has nothing to do with me.	这不关我的事
They cleared the street of snow.	他们清理了街上的积雪
A hundred people were hurt in a train wreck.	一百多个人在一个火车事故中受了伤
What exactly happened there?	那里究竟发生了什么事
A year has twelve months.	一年有十二个月
Her oldest daughter got married.	她的大女儿结婚了
If it's at all possible, I'd like you to take part in the next meeting.	如果可能的话
What will you have for lunch today?	你今天午餐吃什么
I enjoyed talking with him.	我和他谈得很愉快
Tom sat on that park bench for nearly three hours.	汤姆在公园的长椅上坐了将近三个小时
We have to try to communicate with them.	我们要设法跟他们交流
You're sloshed.	你们醉了
You continue making the same mistakes time after time.	你每次都继续犯同样的错误
You have done very well.	你做得很好
Where's my apple juice?	我的苹果汁在哪
I don't think Tom trusts many people.	我不认为汤姆相信许多人
I can make that happen.	我不能让那事发生
I study for 3 hours every day.	我每天读书三个小时
The lights aren't on.	灯没有亮着
He has taken over his father's business.	他接手了他父亲的公司
That was three days ago.	这是三天之前了
You did what was necessary.	你做了必要的事
These dirty socks stink.	脏袜子散发臭气
There is a fork missing.	少一把叉子
Many attended his funeral.	很多人都参加了他的葬礼
Let's take the 4:10 train.	我们去坐四点十分的火车吧
I could hear birds singing outside my window.	我能听见鸟在窗外歌唱
He is in trouble.	他有麻烦
I cannot agree with you on the matter.	在这件事上
Let's not ever do this again.	我们再也别这样做了
English is too difficult for me to understand.	英语对我来说太难理解了
People live only about 70 years.	一个人只能活七十岁左右
It's lunch time.	午餐时间到了
So, what happened this time?	那么
This is my wife.	这是我的妻子
Keep listening.	继续听
Let me have a look.	让我看看
Do you know what happened?	你知道发生了什么事情吗
He is likely to arrive soon.	他可能很快就到了
They climbed Mt. Fuji last week.	上个月他们爬了富士山
We all consider your idea to be impractical.	我们都认为您的想法是行不通的
I wish I had a better memory.	但愿我有好一点的记忆力
The armed forces occupied the entire territory.	军队占领了整片领土
Mary looks like her mother.	玛丽长得像她妈妈
I've been under a lot of pressure lately.	我最近压力有点大
Tom will graduate in October.	汤姆将在
I am a bit drunk.	我有点醉了
Don't fail to mail this letter.	不要忘了寄这封信
This room is cramped.	这个房间很拥挤
Have you seen my father?	你看到我父亲了吗
Please pull over.	请把车停下来
Some people pursue only pleasure.	有些人只追求快乐
Don't throw rocks into the river.	不要扔石头到河里
I've just been to the post office.	我刚刚去了邮局
I'll peel an orange for you.	我给你剥橙子
He has a great deal of experience.	他有丰富的经验
I can't concentrate on my work because of the noise.	由于噪音
You should be good to your neighbors.	你应该对邻居好点
Mary arrived at the hospital.	玛丽到了医院
Not knowing what to do, I asked the teacher for advice.	因为不知道做什么
I want to cry.	我想哭
It may not be possible.	不太可能
Where can I catch a bus?	我可以在哪里搭公车
There are over 800,000 Basque speakers in the world.	世界上有超过八十万的人说巴斯克语
He is a baseball player.	他是个棒球手
I'm thinking about you.	我突然想到你
Do you know where Tom put his keys?	你知道汤姆把他的钥匙放哪了吗
I'm out of here.	我走了
She dreamed that she was a princess.	她梦见她是一个公主
I must decline.	我必须拒绝
This data isn't accurate at all.	这个数据一点也不准确
When I came home, Tom was studying.	当我回家的时候
Tom thinks there's hope.	汤姆认为有希望
They're required to work eight hours every day.	他们每天必须工作
She married a rich old man.	她嫁给了一个富有的老男人
You should take the number 5 bus.	您应该乘
Don't hesitate to ask questions.	不要犹豫去问问题
I finished reading the book last night.	我昨晚看完了这本书
He asked his friends for help.	他寻求他的朋友的帮助
You were late, weren't you?	你迟到了
This is the window he broke.	他砸坏的是这扇窗
Tom is an artist.	汤姆是艺术家
We sometimes meet them.	我们有时会见到他们
Unfortunately, it rained.	很遗憾
This tea isn't sweet enough for me.	这种茶对我而言不够甜
They're 30 minutes behind schedule.	他们的进度较预期慢
She happened to know his address.	她恰巧知道他的地址
Tom wanted to see Mary.	汤姆想见玛丽
How much will it cost?	这要多少钱
He plays the violin very well.	他小提琴拉得很好
I don't know if Tom can help us.	我不知道汤姆能不能幚我们
Tom stayed in Australia for three years.	汤姆在澳大利亚呆了三年
He isn't able to buy a car.	他不能买车
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.	现在的日本与二十年前大不相同
She has to look after her mother.	她必须照顾她的母亲
I took the elevator to the fourth floor.	我搭电梯去了四楼
Can you find it?	你能找到它吗
Who's the girl in a yellow raincoat?	穿黄色雨衣的女孩是谁
We are a family of five.	我家有
Not everyone who lives here is rich.	并不是每个住在这里的人都是富有的
The man tried to install his own antenna.	这男人试着安装他自己的天线
The flowers in the garden need to be watered.	花园里的花需要浇水
What time will you get to the station?	你几点会到车站
Please mail this letter for me.	请帮我寄信
Tom needs to be very careful.	汤姆需要很小心
I saw a beautiful waterfall there.	我看见那儿有个很美的瀑布
Give me a dozen oranges.	给我一打橘子
I'm sure Tom will win this afternoon.	汤姆今天下午一定会赢
I'm sorry. I got the wrong number.	对不起
I think you've done this before.	我想你以前做过这个
Tom quietly closed the bedroom door.	汤姆静静地关上了卧室的门
Washing clothes is my work.	洗衣服是我的工作
Tom knows a lot of stuff about Mary.	汤姆知道玛丽的很多事
I must catch the first train.	我必须赶上头班火车
Tom wants to sit down.	汤姆想坐下
Is the customer always right?	顾客永远是正确的吗
She is usually at home on Sundays.	周日她通常在家
Please wait until I come back.	请等到我回来
I need a doctor.	我需要医生
He will succeed to the throne.	他会继承王位
Humans can't live without air.	没有空气
Can you come over to my house tonight?	你今晚能不能到我家来
My dream is to become a pilot.	我的梦想是成为一名飞行员
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius.	水在摄氏零度时结冰
To have doubts about oneself is the first sign of intelligence.	自我怀疑是聪明的第一标志
She ran as fast as possible.	她尽可能地快跑
He put on the black coat.	他穿上了黑色的外套
Is there a zoo in Boston?	波士顿有动物园吗
Did you go out last night?	你昨天晚上出去了吗
I helped my mother in the kitchen.	我在厨房里帮妈妈
They kissed.	他们亲吻了
Those trains run every three minutes.	这些火车每三分钟发车
He is very influential in the world of medicine.	他在医学界有很大的影响力
I have heard nothing from him yet.	我没有他的任何消息
These flowers bloom earlier than others do.	这些花比别的花早开花
It's your choice.	这是你的选择
Don't you think it's strange that he's not here?	他不在这儿你不觉得这很奇怪吗
It's obvious why his stomach hurts.	他为什么会胃痛的原因很明显
May I borrow your car?	我可以借用你的车吗
These patients have trouble walking.	这些患者走路有困难
I want to visit South Korea.	我想访问韩国
I got him to fix my bicycle.	我让他修理了我的脚踏车
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.	我想要一艘船带我远离这里
Tom didn't tell me he didn't know how to swim.	汤姆没有告诉我他不会游泳
Answer me.	回答我
He gave the child a toy.	他给了孩子一个玩具
London, where I live, used to be famous for its fog.	我住的地方
I don't know where she lives.	我不知道她住在哪里
I'll never forget how helpful you've been.	我永远不会忘记您的帮助
Did Tom tell you why he wasn't at school yesterday?	汤姆告诉你他昨天为什么不去学校了吗
Please open the door.	请把门打开
My papers were in that box.	我的文件在那个箱子里
Where is your house?	你们家在哪
I'll sue you.	我要告你
I'm such an unlucky guy.	我真是个不走运的家伙
This could hurt our business.	这会打击我们的生意
May I drink alcohol?	我可以喝酒吗
What do you do on Sundays?	你星期天都做什么
He painted a picture of a dog.	他画了一幅狗的画
I wonder if Tom really wanted to go to Australia with Mary.	我怀疑汤姆是不是真的想和玛丽一起去澳大利亚
So far everything has been going well.	直至目前为止一切都很顺利
Can you translate this song for me?	你能为我翻译这首歌吗
Soldiers must carry out their orders.	军人必须履行他们的命令
It is a nice view from here.	从这儿看景色很美
He blamed me for the accident.	他为这个意外指责我
My passport's been stolen.	我护照被偷了
I'll wait here till he comes back.	我会等在这儿直到他回来
I don't know the exact date.	我不知道确切的日期
It seemed that she had already received the money.	看来她已经收到了钱
It's already 7:00.	已经是早上七点了
She had to accept her fate.	她该接受她的命运
Don't move, or I'll shoot you.	别动
You've been causing problems.	你一直在制造麻烦
It is too dark for me to read.	太暗了我无法读
You don't have to work on Sundays.	你周日不必工作
Where did you get that much money?	你从哪里得到这么多钱的
They were scolded by the teacher.	他们被老师训斥了
I thought you'd be full after eating that big steak.	我觉得吃完那块大牛排你就饱了
What are you going to do tonight?	你今晚要做什么
The soldiers occupied the building.	士兵们占领了这个建筑
I hurried in order to catch the first train.	我匆匆忙忙
I took a look around.	我看了看周围
It's very difficult.	这很难
Shakespeare is too hard to read.	莎士比亚的作品太难读了
Where is your brother?	你的哥哥在哪里
Tom is just a crazy old man.	汤姆只是一个疯老头
My mother has good handwriting.	我母亲的笔迹很好看
Lesson Two is easy.	第二课容易
My father will often read the newspaper during meals.	我父亲常在吃饭时看报纸
You've never been happy.	你从来没有快乐过
English is a very important language in today's world.	英语是当今世界上一种非常重要的语言
I have a stomachache.	我肚子疼
Do you think that he is equal to the task?	你认为他能够胜任这个任务吗
How long are you going to stay in Japan?	你会在日本多久
I wish he had attended the meeting.	要是他有参加这场会议就好了
Tomorrow I have to go shopping.	明天我得购物
You may not remember me, but I remember you.	你可能不记得我了
I can't tell if you're joking.	我无法分辨你是否在开玩笑
This table is made out of wood.	这张桌子是木的
She lived up to our expectations.	她没有辜负我们的期望
Her grandmother lived to be 88 years old.	她的祖母活到了
Don't worry about it.	别担心
I used to go swimming in the sea when I was a child.	童年时我会去海里游泳
What symptoms do you have?	你有什么症状
What do you want now?	您现在想要什么
Can you lower the price?	可以便宜点吗
When I hear that song, I remember my younger days.	每次听到这首歌
There was an earthquake this morning.	今天早上发生了地震
I don't have a prejudice against foreign workers.	我对外籍员工没有偏见
Does Tom need to stay home today?	汤姆今天需要留在家里吗
He lives somewhere around the park.	他住在公园周围的某个地方
Tom won't be happy.	汤姆不会高兴
If it's raining tomorrow, we'll go there by car.	如果明天下雨
Strawberries sell for a high price in the winter.	草莓在冬天售价高
It isn't something I'm very good at.	这不是我所擅长的事
She gave me a smile of recognition.	她给了我一个认可的微笑
Why don't you eat pineapple?	你为什么不吃菠萝
I cut a branch from the tree.	我从树上砍下了一根树枝
This school supplies students with textbooks.	这所学校为学生提供教科书
I think Tom is photogenic.	我觉得汤姆很上镜
He has three brothers.	他有三个哥哥
I was on the train for twelve hours.	我在火车上待了
I'm currently a teacher at this school.	我现在在这所学校任教
How did you meet Tom?	你是怎么见到汤姆的
You and Tom must be happy.	你和汤姆一定很高兴
It really works.	真的有用
Will you give me a light?	借个火好吗
I'll be right with you.	我马上就来
I want much more.	我要多很多
My aunt made a new skirt for me.	我姑姑做了一条新裙子给我
You're always as busy as a bee.	你总是跟蜜蜂一样地忙碌
The family is eating breakfast on the balcony.	一家人在阳台上吃早饭
I need a friend.	我需要个朋友
That's the point.	这正是问题的关键
The room smelled of tobacco.	房里闻起来有股烟味
It's hard to believe Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.	真难相信汤姆不知道玛丽爱他
Tom fell asleep sitting up in the chair.	汤姆坐在椅子上睡着了
He told me everything.	他都告诉我了
I'm glad I was able to help.	能够出一份力太好了
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?	如果我们知道我们在做什么
Watch my camera for me.	帮我看著我的相机
I don't want to get a suntan.	我不想晒黑
I think I'm coming down with a fever.	我觉得我有点要发烧了
Tom drank some juice.	Tom	喝了些果汁
The park is filled with children.	公园里都是孩子
Roll up your sleeves.	卷起你的袖子
English is spoken by more people than any other language.	说英语的人比说任何其他语言的人多
Could you help us after school?	你能在放学后帮助我们吗
He went to Nagoya on business.	他到名古屋洽谈业务
There is insufficient light to take pictures.	拍照片光线不够亮
He's out now.	他现在出去了
Tom didn't need to stay if he didn't want to.	汤姆不想的话他是没必要留下的
I don't work like that.	我不像那样工作
I have a frog in my throat.	我的喉咙里有一只青蛙
Tom won't be coming.	汤姆不会来了
Did you feed the dog this morning?	你今天早上喂过狗了吗
How unlucky I am!	我真的很倒霉
I can't tell you how much we've missed you.	想死你啦
She left her son a lot of money.	她留了很多钱给她儿子
It's frozen hard.	真的很冰冷
They burst into tears.	他们突然哭了
I study Korean.	我学韩语
Just say no.	只要说不
Are you able to play organ?	你会弹管风琴吗
We often hear it said that the Japanese are good workers.	我们经常听说日本人工作勤奋
He stole her watch.	他偷了她的手表
It won't take long to finish the job.	完成这个工作不会花太长时间
This product claims to help you lose weight.	这个产品称它能帮助你减肥
He thought of a good solution.	他想到了一个解决的好办法
Boston is a great place to raise kids.	波士顿是养育小孩的好地方
We don't get many visitors here.	我们这里没有很多访客
I'm willing to attend the meeting.	我愿意参加这场会议
Her skin is smooth.	她的皮肤光滑
The cough syrup has a licorice flavoring.	咳嗽糖浆有股甘草的味道
What do you make of his attitude towards us these days?	你做了什么让他这些日子用这种态度对待我们
Could I try to do it?	我可以尝试着做吗
Where's the nearest church?	最近的教堂在哪里
He lacks common sense.	他缺乏常识
You should check it out.	你应该检查一下
The swimmers were numb with cold.	游泳选手们冻僵了
You need to pay extra for the batteries.	电池要额外付钱
That's the man who lives next door.	那是住在隔壁的男人
She went to the hospital yesterday.	她昨天去了医院
I saw it in the newspaper.	我在报纸上看到了它
I've never been to New York, and my sister hasn't, either.	我从没去过纽约
Would you close the window?	请您把窗户关起来好吗
Be happy for me.	为我高兴吧
Mom, can I go swimming?	妈妈
Turn left.	向左转
I've never seen Tom so angry.	我从没见过汤姆那么生气
Keep it up!	坚持
Sales should double this year.	今年销售会翻番
Does Tom have a girlfriend?	汤姆有女朋友吗
I almost caught the fish.	我几乎钓到了鱼
My father told me where to go.	我爸爸告诉我去哪儿
I don't take drugs.	我不吸毒
The old dog barked.	老狗叫了
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想不通过考试
She shut herself up in her room.	她把自己关在房里
Why were you late?	你为什么迟到
There is a small garden in front of my house.	我家前面有个小庭院
What do you want to do?	你想做什么
I went into the navy.	我加入了海军
Do you know what sadness feels like?	你知道悲伤的滋味么
Are there any messages for me?	有任何给我的讯息吗
When you're here, I feel safer.	你在这里的时候
I'll gladly pay you anytime.	我随时乐意付钱给你
We'll ask Tom and see what he thinks.	我们要问问汤姆
Tom told me that he hated Christmas.	汤姆告诉我他讨厌圣诞节
This isn't a good idea.	这不是好主意
A fox is a wild animal.	狐狸是野生动物
When he shouted, the veins in his neck stood out clearly.	当他咆哮时
You'll find it difficult to meet her requirements.	你会发现难以满足她
Does she know your phone number?	她知道你的电话号码
They didn't speak French very well.	他们说法语说得不太好
I bought two loaves of bread.	我买了两条面包
I'll give you a ring.	我会打电话给你
I suspect they water down the beer in that pub.	我怀疑那家酒馆的啤酒兑水了
Nobody believes what I say.	没有人相信我说的话
I'm not good at mathematics.	我的数学不好
I have a little money.	我有一些钱
I always drink milk with my breakfast.	我早餐一定会喝牛奶
My father got married in his twenties.	我父亲在他二十多岁时结婚了
My father quit drinking.	父亲戒酒了
Tom came home early yesterday.	汤姆昨天提早回来了
Leave the room as it is.	保留原状地离开房间
I'm 17, too.	我也是
I bought a new computer last month.	上个月我买了一台新电脑
The world is just like a book, and every step you take is like turning a page.	世界就像是一本书
Do you have something to say to me?	你有事想对我说吗
Don't forget me.	别忘了我
Isn't that skirt too short?	那条裙子是不是太短了
I need it ASAP.	我尽快需要
I asked him about the accident.	我问他关于这个意外的事
Please wait here a moment.	请在这儿等一会儿
Where can you get tickets?	在哪里可以买到车票
Why wasn't Tom arrested?	为甚么汤姆没被捕
I am looking forward to Christmas.	我期待圣诞节的到来
A boy is walking across the street.	一个男孩正沿着街走
The storm abated.	风暴减弱了
He is good at rugby.	他很擅长橄榄球
I'm too drunk to do that.	我喝醉了
We watch TV every day.	我们每天看电视
Switzerland is situated between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.	瑞士位于法国
I'm on my way back to Boston.	我在回波士顿
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is telling the truth or not.	汤姆不知道玛丽说的是真话还是假话
He said, "Let's take a short rest."	他说
I can't believe that you love me.	我不能相信你爱我
He doesn't have a job. He's retired.	他没有工作
His story sounds true.	他的故事听起来是真的
There is a hole in your sock.	你的袜子破了一个洞呀
Tom doesn't talk with anyone.	汤姆不跟任何人说话
Whose idea was it?	这是谁的主意
The bird was covered with white feathers.	鸟儿身上铺满了白色的羽毛
I need to charge my mobile phone.	我需要给手机充电
I watch TV all day.	我一天到晚看电视
Sit down.	请坐
Health is above wealth.	健康胜于财富
It's me.	是我
They're in danger.	他们有危险
Tom is quite fussy.	汤姆相当挑剔
School starts in September in Europe.	欧洲的学校在九月开学
My father will retire at the age of sixty.	我父亲六十岁就要退休了
Armenia is a mountainous country.	亚美尼亚是一个多山的国家
How do you come to that conclusion?	你们怎么得出这个结论的
Who do you want to speak to?	你想跟谁说话
Where did all that self-confidence come from?	哪来那么大的自信啊
You are going too far.	你太过分了
Who's your favorite TV star?	谁是你最喜爱的电视明星
He borrowed money from his friend.	他向他的朋友借钱
The doctor will be here in a minute.	医生马上就来
This is typical.	这是典型的
We grow vegetables in our garden.	我们在我们的花园里种蔬菜
Save it on the external hard drive.	把它保存在外接式硬碟
I have to cook dinner today.	我今天要准备晚饭
That's a great poem.	这是一首很棒的诗
Are you going to the gym today?	你今天去不去健身房
I'll be staying here for another three days.	我会在这儿再待上三天
I've been robbed.	我被抢劫了
How much does this cost?	这个几块
He lives alone.	他独自生活
What're you waiting for?	还在等什么呢
Don't talk in the classroom.	别在教室里说话
This fork is dirty.	这把叉子是脏的
You didn't eat much lunch, did you?	你午饭吃的不多
The physician prescribed his patient some medicine.	医生给他的病人开了一些药
What will you have?	你将拥有什么
I neither drink nor smoke.	我既不抽烟又不喝酒
His brother is a famous soccer player.	他弟弟是个有名的足球选手
Your reason is very good.	你的理由很充分
I've caught a bad cold.	我得了重感冒
I want you to stay here until I get back.	我想你待在这里直到我回来
Have you checked our supplies recently?	你最近检查我们的补给了吗
She insisted that it was my fault.	她坚持认为那是我的错
How's everybody doing?	大家好吗
No one can escape growing old.	没有人能逃过衰老
He became a pianist.	他成为了一个钢琴家
You don't need to be afraid of making mistakes.	你们不需要害怕犯错
Do you have an English menu?	你有英语的菜单吗
I want Tom put in prison.	我想让汤姆进监狱
Are the train tickets expensive?	火车票贵吗
I'm slow to adapt to new situations.	我适应新环境很慢
Do you also like jazz?	您也喜欢爵士乐吗
Tom wasn't at school today.	汤姆今天不在学校
Are you saying that my life is in danger?	你在说我有生命危险吗
All people are born equal.	人人生来平等
Could you call a doctor, please?	你能请个医生来吗
Mom, I'm hungry.	妈妈
Tom said Mary was sleeping.	汤姆说玛丽在睡觉
Tom isn't a very good driver.	汤姆不是一个好司机
Straighten up.	改邪归正
Tom is going to be proud of you.	汤姆要以你为傲了
They are bitter enemies.	他们是仇敌
We have breakfast in the kitchen.	我们在厨房里吃早餐
She spent the weekend by herself.	她独自度过了周末
Tom needs encouragement.	汤姆需要鼓励
I was born on April 3, 1950.	我出生于
Tom said that he keeps a gun in his home.	汤姆说他的家里有把枪
I am yours and you are mine.	我是你的
With the T.V. on, how can you keep your mind on your studies?	你开着电视怎么能安心学习呢
He didn't agree to my proposal.	他不同意我的建议
She drew a circle on a piece of paper with a pencil.	她用铅笔在纸上画了一个圈
This is my business address.	这是我的公司地址
My brother is very important. At least he thinks he is.	我弟弟是个很重要的人物
To what extent can he be trusted?	可以相信他到什么程度
It is rude to point at others.	指著别人是不礼貌的
I'm on the roof now.	我现在在屋顶上
Why doesn't anyone believe me?	为什么没有人相信我
She has a passion for cake.	她酷爱蛋糕
The clouds are getting darker.	云越来越黑
She was very embarrassed when her child behaved badly in public.	当她的孩子在公共场合行为表现不好的时候
I felt quite relieved after I had said all I wanted to say.	说了所有我要说的话后
The experiment confirmed his theory.	实验证明了他的理论
It's snowing today.	今天下雪
Has he met them today?	他今天见他们了吗
I like playing sports.	我喜欢运动
Stay out of this.	别插手
I returned the book to the library.	我把书还给图书馆
Whose fault is it?	是谁的错呢
This dog is white.	这只狗是白色的
Is Tom there already?	汤姆已经在那里了吗
Your cake is delicious.	你的蛋糕很美味
I might not see Tom today.	我今天可能见不到汤姆了
Romeo and Juliet is on at the theater.	罗密欧和朱丽叶正在剧场上演
He likes to travel alone.	他喜欢独自旅行
Your brother won't buy it.	你哥哥不会买它
My father helped me with my homework.	我爸爸帮我做作业
You've made progress.	你进步了
We must get up at dawn.	黎明时我们必须起床
Something must be done!	必须采取一些行动了
I got mugged.	我被抢劫了
He owes his success to good luck.	他将他的成功归于好运
I appreciate your cooperation.	我感谢您的合作
His wife gave birth to twin boys.	他的妻子生下了一对双胞胎男孩
Excuse me for interrupting you.	对不起
He offered his help to us.	他向我们提供了帮助
Tom has no manners.	Tom	没有礼貌
He is a teacher.	他是教师
The dog was hit by a car.	狗被车撞了
I always kept my promises.	我一直遵守我的诺言
She spoke Japanese well.	她日语说的很好
"The phone is ringing." "I'll get it."	“	电话响了
Lying is wrong.	说谎不好
He lives just across the road.	他就住在马路对面
This is my sister.	这是我的妹妹
Look at that picture on the desk.	看看桌上的那张相片
It is not his business.	那不关他的事
Don't enter the room without permission.	未经允许请勿进入这个房间
We ate fresh fruit after dinner.	我们晚饭后吃新鲜水果
I'm sorry, I can't stay long.	对不起
I didn't catch what he said.	我没听懂他说的话
My boss assigned the hard job to me.	我老板把艰巨的任务指派给了我
You'll find a job.	你会找到工作的
I remember meeting her somewhere.	我记得我在某个地方见过她
Tom isn't here yet, but we expect him soon.	汤姆还不在这里
Tom passed away October 20, 2013.	汤姆逝世于
This fish isn't fit to eat.	这条鱼不能吃了
Politicians never tell us their inner thoughts.	政治家从来不告诉我们他们的别有用心
I must be getting close.	我一定越来越接近了
Maybe you're working too hard.	可能你工作得太拼命
Tom teaches me French twice a week.	汤姆每周两次教我法语
The robot went out of control.	这个机器人失控了
A glass of wine, please.	一杯葡萄酒
Did you have to get up very early this morning?	你今天必须起得很早吗
The traveler was delighted at the sight of a light in the distance.	发现了远处的灯光的旅行者欢喜不已
There are four people in my family.	我家有四个人
Scientists are working hard to put an end to AIDS.	科学家们正努力终结艾滋病
My grandfather lived to be ninety.	我的祖父活到了九十岁
We've got what we need.	我们得到了我们想要的
He told us a lie.	他对我们说了一个谎
In a sense, she is right, too.	从某种意义上来说
My brother is holding a camera in his hand.	我弟弟手里拿着一个摄像机
Divide the pizza in three.	把披萨分成三份
My husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.	我丈夫一边吃早餐一边读报纸
Those pictures were painted by him.	那些图画是他画的
We are spending the night at my uncle's house.	我们睡在我舅舅家
I wish you could have been there.	要是你能在那里就好了
He still comes to see me now and then.	他仍然时不时来看我
Why were you there?	你为什么在那里
He used to be a nice boy.	他以前是个好男孩
Almost all the doors were closed.	几乎所有门都关了
I would rather stay at home than go out in this hot weather.	在这种暑天里我宁愿呆在家也不出去
I'm as hungry as a horse.	我饿得像匹马
You made me laugh.	我被你逗乐了
I always go to school on foot.	我总是走路到学校
A fire broke out during the night.	在夜间发生了火灾
I promise I'll do that tomorrow.	我保证明天就做
I am glad to have her company.	我很高兴有她的陪伴
He has to repair the clock.	他必须修理这个时钟
She might know that we are here.	她或许知道我们在这儿
Turn the radio up a little.	把收音机开大声一点
Please forgive me.	请您原谅
My father is suffering from a cold.	我父亲感冒了
I'll never forget shaking the President's hand last year.	我决不会忘记去年与总统握手的情景
Perhaps we could get a drink sometime.	要不我们找时间喝一顿
Sleep deprivation increases risk of heart attacks.	睡眠不足增加心脏病发作的危险
We have ample time to catch our train.	我们有充裕的时间赶上火车
That can't be Mary. She's in the hospital now.	那不可能是玛丽
Look what I made for you.	看我为你做了什么
My nose is itchy.	我的鼻子好痒
No kidding?	认真的
Don't let anyone enter the room.	不要让任何人进入这个房间
They are having a really good time.	他们正玩得非常开心
I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name.	我听到车站外的人群中有人在叫我的名字
He bought the land for the purpose of building a house on it.	他买土地的目的是要造房子
Let me introduce you to him.	让我把你介绍给他
You must be mentally exhausted.	你肯定脑子糊掉了
Tom is probably pretty rich by now.	汤姆现在可能很有钱
I drank a cup of water.	我喝了一杯水
Are you still at home?	你们还在家里吗
We're fellow countrymen.	我们是同胞
Fire is always dangerous.	火总是危险的
My sister saw it with her own eyes.	我妹妹亲眼看到它了
The road runs parallel to the river.	这条路与河流平行
His request is as follows.	他的要求如下
Tom is not a friendly guy.	汤姆不是个友好的家伙
Can we lock this door?	我们能锁门吗
Are these all your books, Tom?	汤姆
I'm your lawyer.	我是你的律师
She wears a lot of makeup.	她化着浓妆
Who did you get this from?	这从谁那儿拿的
He wants to go to Africa.	他想要去非洲
He went by bicycle.	他骑自行车去的
We don't have too much time.	我们没有太多时间
Everyone comes to Tom for advice.	每个人都请教汤姆
There was a shortage of fuel.	燃料短缺
I saw Tom having an argument with Mary.	我见汤姆跟玛丽争论
Your hair is beautiful.	你的头发很漂亮
I want something sweet.	我要一些甜的东西
Tom and I are friends.	汤姆和我是朋友
How about you?	你怎么样
Don't throw away this magazine.	不要丢掉这本杂志
We apologize for the delay and regret any inconvenience it may have caused.	我们对这次的延迟表示抱歉
The house was in flames.	房子被火吞噬了
That's the reason he became angry.	那就是他生气的理由
What are you waiting for?	还在等什么呢
Do you know the answer?	你知道答案吗
I bet Tom forgot.	我打赌汤姆忘了
Do you have a shoehorn?	你有鞋拔子吗
Beauty is but skin deep.	美貌只是表面性的东西
It's not a dream at all.	它根本不是梦
I grew up in the country.	我在乡下长大
This book's new.	这本书是新的
A friend of mine came to see me during the day.	我的一个朋友在白天的时候来看我
I came to Japan two years ago.	我两年前来日本
I like to travel by train.	我喜欢搭火车旅行
Do you want something to eat?	您想吃点什么吗
I haven't seen you for ages.	我已经有很长的时间没有见到你了
We watched them play baseball.	我们看著他们打棒球
We want a new carpet.	我们想要一条新毯子
They gave a series of concerts.	他们办了一系列的音乐会
Not everyone will love you.	不是每个人都会爱你
He has gone to Italy to study music.	他已经去义大利学习音乐了
I booked a seat.	我订了一个位子
I lost my job and I have no money. I'm at my wit's end.	我失业又没钱
This book has many pictures.	这本书有很多图片
I don't mind walking in the rain.	我不介意在雨中漫步
Would you like a drink?	你想喝点什么吗
Since I had a cold, I didn't go visit him.	我没有拜访他
That's a dumb question.	这是一个愚蠢的问题
I object to her going there alone.	我不同意她一个人去那儿
My mother teaches flower arranging.	我母亲教插花艺术
This plane flies between Osaka and Hakodate.	这架飞机往返于大阪和函馆之间
Don't try to intimidate me.	别想吓唬我
He looks like a good boy.	他看起来是个好男孩
What does he want to do?	他到底想干嘛
If there's anything urgent, you can get in touch with me.	紧急情况下
I need to ask you a silly question.	我必须问你一个蠢问题
He'll be back by five o'clock.	他五点左右会回来
Did Tom ever threaten you?	汤姆威胁过你吗
My uncle made me serve as interpreter.	我叔叔让我担任翻译
She is extremely vulgar in her speech.	她讲话非常俗气
Your family's waiting for you.	你的家人在等你
He wouldn't look at my proposal.	他对我的提议不屑一顾
This is my email address.	这是我的电子邮箱
I used to play tennis.	我以前打网球
Between you and me, what is your opinion of her?	你就只告诉我一个人
We should inform them about that.	我们应该把那件事情告知他们
I want a lot more.	我要多很多
I'll feed the dog.	我要喂狗
What have I ever done to Tom?	我对汤姆做了什么
Because of heavy snow, the plane from Beijing arrived 20 minutes late.	由于下大雪
Do you have a fever and a sore throat?	你发烧和喉咙痛吗
May I see the wine list?	我可以看一下酒单吗
Those were difficult times.	那是困难时期
I can't guarantee that that's going to happen.	我不能确保这一切会发生
He suddenly became very happy.	他突然变得非常开心
Tom isn't used to walking barefooted.	汤姆不习惯赤脚漫步
She spent a good deal of money on her vacation.	她休假期间花了一大笔钱
Tom wondered why there was a dog in his house.	汤姆奇怪为什么他的房子里有只狗
Your mother is in critical condition.	你母亲现在情况危殆
I enjoyed talking with you this evening very much.	今晚我非常享受和你的聊天
Tom said it was cold in Boston this time of year.	汤姆说一年中这时候波士顿很冷
I went for a walk in the park.	我去公园散了步
I have to go to the toilet.	我要上厕所
I like short hair.	我喜欢短发
Ask her how much soup she wants.	问她要多少汤
Use this.	请用这个
I'll show you around the town.	我会带你逛逛这个镇
Today is very warm.	今天很热
You look very pale.	你看上去很苍白
I miss you so much.	好想见到你
When did this occur?	这是什么时候发生的
I don't think he'll come.	我不认为他会来的
My father is a heavy smoker.	我爸爸吸烟很厉害
We're on strike because the company hasn't improved our wages.	我们之所以罢工是因为公司没有改善我们的工资
Where is the bus stop for downtown?	到市区的公车站牌在哪里
Is your school far from here?	你的学校离这儿远吗
What did you get for Christmas?	你耶诞节得到了什么
He sat next to the stream.	他坐在溪流旁边
There is a knife missing.	少一把刀
You're stupid.	你很愚蠢
We'll deal with this problem in Chapter 3.	我们在第三章讨论这个问题
You only started this job an hour ago.	你仅仅是一个小时前才开始这份工作的
He tries hard.	他努力地尝试
Watch out for cars when you cross the street.	当你过马路的时候要当心汽车
He told me to be kind to others.	他叫我对别人好一点
I never should've let Tom eat so much candy.	我不论甚么时候都不该让汤姆吃那么多糖
I often play football after school.	我常常在放学后踢足球
I remember this word.	我记得这个单词
I ate Tom's sandwich.	我吃了汤姆的三明治
I knew Tom would be a good basketball coach. That's why I hired him.	我知道汤姆会成为一位优秀的篮球教练
She is already sleeping.	她已经睡下了
Tom bought a ticket.	汤姆买了张票
Stop worrying.	别担心了
As long as we love each other, we'll be all right.	只要我们彼此相爱
You have changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.	你变了那么多
How is it at school?	学校怎么样
Which book are you reading?	你在读哪本书
Tom cares about you.	汤姆关心你
He's about the same age as you are.	他岁数和你差不多
The dog followed me to my home.	这只狗跟着我到了我家
My notebook is pink.	我的笔记本是粉色的
I am staying with my uncle in Tokyo.	我待在东京的舅舅家
The company spends a lot of money on advertising.	那家公司在广告上花了很多钱
Who's that?	这是谁啊
Nobody should be worried.	没人应该担心
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.	能在日本找到这样的大的院子实属罕见
He appears to be strong and healthy.	他看起来健康强壮
I've just published a new post on my blog.	我刚在我的博客上发表了一个新帖子
I am a student.	我是个学生
"Who is in the car?" "Tom is."	“	谁在车里
Tom didn't talk to Mary.	汤姆没跟玛丽说话
She assigned him to the job.	她指派他做这个工作
Tom wanted Mary to leave him alone.	汤姆想让玛丽一个人从他身边离开
The letter was written by Tom.	这信是汤姆写的
I'm tall.	我个子高
I was watching TV when the telephone rang.	电话响的时候
The policeman lifted the box carefully.	警察小心翼翼地抬起箱子
My mother made us cheese sandwiches for lunch.	妈妈为我们做了乳酪三明治当午餐
She sang better than him.	她唱得比他好
The main problem with Tom is that he has no sense of humor.	汤姆的主要问题是他一点幽默感都没有
I'm as hungry as a horse.	我饿得跟饿虎扑羊似的
I am not always free on Sundays.	我星期日并不总是有空
I'm sorry to cause you all this trouble.	我很抱歉给你惹来所有的这些麻烦
I can't follow his logic.	我无法理解他的逻辑
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.	很难在
Do you remember us?	你还记得我们吗
He has been waiting for an hour.	他已经等了一个小时
I'll drive you home.	我开车送你回家
Tommy couldn't answer the last question.	汤米不会回答最后一个问题
It's my brother's.	它是我兄弟的
We're humans.	我们是人
Is that pure gold?	那是纯金吗
We can begin.	我们能开始
Will you buy something?	你要买点东西吗
It doesn't sound like Tom.	听起来不像汤姆
Don't play baseball in the park.	不要在公园玩垒球
We can't afford to make mistakes.	我们承担不了犯错的后果
That boy denies stealing the bicycle.	那个男孩否认偷了自行车
You're our only hope.	你是我们唯一的希望
I've been very busy recently.	我最近很忙
Shouldn't someone be helping Tom?	难道不该有人帮汤姆吗
Tom put a cover over his car.	汤姆给车盖上套
I'm glad to see you back.	很高兴再见到你
He works in a factory.	他在一家工厂工作
It won't take long.	不会花很多时间的
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the end of the meeting.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
I know all my neighbors.	我认识我所有的邻居
I took off my hat and entered the church.	我摘下帽子进了教堂
Tom's got nothing to hide.	汤姆没有什么可隐藏
That flower smells sweet.	那花闻起来很香
I stayed in Boston for three days.	我在波士顿待了三天
We can rely on his judgement.	我们可以信赖他的判断
Don't drop this cup.	不要掉了这个杯子
We kept our fingers crossed.	我们试图让手指互相交错
I can teach you how to drive.	我会教你怎么开车
How many schools are there in your city?	你们城市有多少个学校
He boasts that he can speak six languages.	他显摆自己能说
I'm prepared to accept the consequences.	我准备好了承担后果
I know that Tom can stop me from doing that.	我知道汤姆不能阻止我做那件事
He never saw his father again.	他再也没见过他爸
The third quarter GNP growth was 1% over the preceding quarter.	第三季国民生产总值较上一季成长了
He is always asking for money.	他总是要钱
This is the office in which he works.	这是他工作的办公室
This news is official.	这是官方消息
How do you pronounce your name?	你怎么念你的名字
You must make up for the loss.	你必须弥补损失
I think that would be fun.	我认为那会很有意思
You'd better not go.	你最好不要去
I just cut my finger.	我刚刚切到手指了
Would you like to have some coffee?	你要喝点咖啡吗
Tom loves doing this.	汤姆喜欢做这事
Can you help me?	你能帮我吗
I want to learn French.	我要学法语
Please hold the line a moment.	请在线稍候
I didn't know she was married.	我不知道她结婚了
We're on our own.	我们得依靠自己
It's just what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
Are you ready?	你准备好了吗
Tom is out of your league.	汤姆不在你的联盟里
I was brought up in the country.	我在乡下被抚养长大
I have no money on me.	我身上没有钱
He wishes to erase bad memories.	他希望抹去不好的记忆
I will play the guitar for you.	我会为你弹吉他
I don't need to do anything.	我什么都不用做
He read a book all morning.	他整个上午都在看书
I don't know whether Tom will eat with us or not.	我不知道
Thank you for your translation.	谢谢你的翻译
Interest rates and inflation were high.	利率和通货膨胀很高
You have everything.	您全都有
Grab hold of the rope.	抓住绳子
Whose idea was it to call the police?	想报警的是谁
Speech is silver, but silence is golden.	雄辩如银
I'm pretty sure Tom is the only one who can't do that.	我确信汤姆是唯一不会那么做的人
I dislike eggs.	我不喜欢鸡蛋
I painted the gate blue.	我把大门漆成了蓝色的
English is studied in China, too.	英语在中国也被学习了
This river is safe to swim in.	在这条河里游泳很安全
Thanks for coming, Tom.	感谢你的到来
This story is true.	这个故事是真的
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.	当你说英语的时候不要怕犯错
It's no use telling me anything.	对我说什么都是没用的
I was embarrassed by what she said.	她说的话让我觉得很尴尬
I don't think she cares very much.	我不认为她很在意
If he studied hard, he would pass the test.	如果他努力学习
Tell me.	告诉我
Tom was the only guy in the class.	汤姆是这个班级里唯一的男生
How are you doing?	你们好吗
You're cuter than Mary.	你比玛丽可爱
The carpenter brought his tools along.	木匠带著工具
Did he go to see Mary?	他去看玛丽了吗
How I've missed you!	我多么想念你
It's a good deal.	这是一笔不错的交易
Excuse me, where is the train station?	抱歉
She gave me access to her records.	她允许了我对她的访问纪录
Don't worry.	别担心
I'm daydreaming.	我在做白日梦
The opposite sides of a parallelogram are parallel.	平行四边形的对边平行
You might be right.	你可能是对的
When the lights went out, Tom lit a candle.	灯灭了
He bent over backward to please his wife.	他竭尽全力地讨好他老婆
Thou shalt not kill.	不可杀人
I don't know where my crutches are. Have you seen them?	我不知道把拐杖放哪去了
I know Tom is in his room changing clothes.	我知道汤姆在他房间里换衣服
The plane is about to land.	飞机就要降落了
Spring has come.	春天到了
I like red roses.	我喜欢红色的玫瑰
Tom fixed his bicycle.	汤姆修好了他的自行车
She's dieting.	她在节食中
Can you really not swim?	你真的不会游泳吗
He doesn't come here every day.	他不是每一天都来这里
I'm not at all satisfied with this result.	我对这个结果一点儿也不满意
She spread the butter on the bread.	她把奶油涂在面包上
Wash your face and hands.	洗你的脸和手
My stomach's full.	我的胃是胀满的
I decided to study every day.	我决定每天用功读书
I am responsible for the mistake.	我为这个错误负责
His death was a great loss to our firm.	他的死对我们公司是一个巨大的损失
I will give you whatever you want.	我会给你任何你想要东西
He is a person who never cuts corners.	他是个绝对不会偷工减料的人
Tom was with a bunch of strangers.	汤姆和一堆陌生人在一起
They work together.	他们在一起工作
He lives by himself in the woods.	他独自住在森林里
You want to be excused from doing that, don't you?	你想通过做那件事而得到原谅是吗
How many children do you have?	你有几个小孩
A baby is sleeping in the cradle.	一个婴儿在摇篮里睡觉
Tom walks slowly.	汤姆走得很慢
How long will you stay here?	你会在这儿待多久
Wake me up early tomorrow morning.	明天早上早点叫醒我
She goes to night school.	她上夜校
Is this the first time that you've seen this movie?	这是你第一次看这部电影吗
You shouldn't break promises.	你不该违背你的诺言
I don't want there to be any misunderstanding.	我不想有任何误会
I invited them to the party.	我邀请了他们参加派对
See you in two days.	后天见
Somebody's in here.	这里有人
Boston is a wonderful city.	波士顿是一座非常好的城市
He likes neither baseball nor football.	他既不喜欢棒球
Can we talk in private?	我们能私下谈谈吗
I hate the winter.	我讨厌冬天
Mary isn't really sick. She's just pretending to be sick.	玛丽不是真病
How old will you be next year?	明年你会是几岁
There is food on the desk.	书桌上有食物
I was writing a letter when he came.	当他进来的时候
I think Tom is sleeping.	我以为汤姆在睡觉
Please save my place.	请保留我的位置
He got the book down from the shelf.	他从架上拿下书
It's just a play on words.	不过是一个文字游戏罢了
I'm diabetic.	我有糖尿病
My aunt grows tomatoes in her garden.	我阿姨在她的花园种蕃茄
Her absence went unnoticed until the end of the meeting.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
What's the number?	电话号码是多少
The stripes were horizontal.	条纹是水平的
Thank you for your patience.	谢谢你的耐心
There's no reason to be afraid.	没有理由害怕
Do you know where they come from?	你知道他们来自哪里吗
I'm sure Tom will do his best.	我确定汤姆会尽力去做
Are you sure you know how to do this?	你真的知道这个怎么做吗
This is a well-written article.	这是篇写得很好的文章
I don't think Tom is going to be too much help.	我认为汤姆帮不上大忙
Now it's my brother's turn.	现在轮到我兄弟了
He is full of energy.	他充满活力
Tom realized that he had lost his wallet.	汤姆意识到他丢了钱包
Please write to me about conditions at your school.	请写信告诉我你们学校的情况
I forgot to lock the drawer.	我忘记给抽屉上锁了
I didn't know you were going to be here.	我不知道你要来这里
This bed is heavy.	这床很沉
I love sports.	我喜欢运动
Mary is going to help us tomorrow.	玛丽明天会帮我们
He fought against racial discrimination.	他反对种族歧视
How did you get to know Mary?	你怎么认识玛丽的
You don't need to do this.	你不需要做这事
Who does the cooking in your home?	你家里谁做饭
Tom is serious now.	汤姆现在是认真的
These people hate all foreigners.	这些人讨厌所有的外国人
I got warm from jogging for an hour.	我慢跑了一个小时
The conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse.	在这个城市
I hope you have a good trip.	祝您一路顺风
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday.	我从昨天起没有吃任何东西
Were you at home yesterday?	昨天你不在家吗
Tom says he can't figure out what Mary wants.	汤姆说他搞不懂玛丽要的是什么
I had a lot of fun.	我玩得很开心
Just at that time, the bus stopped.	就在那时
It's not my fault.	不是我的错
Please take more care in the future.	请你将来注意点
Are you still in school?	你还在上学吗
Who can tell the difference?	谁能说清不同点
Give me my beer.	把我的啤酒给我
Be kind to others.	对他人要友善
I can't decide if I'm happy or sad.	我无法确定我是高兴还是难过
Nobody cares what I think.	没人关心我想什么
Where's Tom?	汤姆在哪儿
The lion is the king of the beasts.	狮子是万兽之王
He was born in the 19th century.	他生于
I'll call you later.	我晚点打给你
Write your name in capitals.	写下你名字的大写字母
My pen is new.	我的钢笔是新的
Draw a line from A to B.	请画一条从
Yolks are yellow.	蛋黄是黄色的
Did he tell you what to do?	他告诉过你要做什么吗
I will lend you this dictionary.	我会借给你这本字典
Be patient.	耐心等着
Tom is our oldest son.	汤姆是我们最大的儿子
Would you like another piece of cake?	你要再来一块蛋糕吗
You can't get ahead if you don't work hard.	一分耕耘
It was the only way to go.	那是唯一的出路
Could you turn off the lights?	你可以关灯吗
What do you want it for?	您要它干什么
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and dumb.	海伦凯勒眼盲
I don't want any bananas at all.	我一个香蕉也不要
I wish more people felt the same way.	我希望更多的人有同样的感受
I can't believe Tom kissed me.	我不敢相信汤姆亲了我
It's about a ten-minute drive from here.	从这里大约
She cannot do without her car.	她离不开她的车
Hurry up! I can't wait any longer.	快点
I'm sick.	我病了
I'll buy this.	我要买这个
She plays tennis every Sunday.	她每个星期天打网球
Our teacher doesn't just speak English, but French too.	我们老师不仅说英语
This is the man who's suspected by the police.	这是被警察认为有嫌疑的男子
My brother and I shared the room.	我哥哥和我共用这间房间
Why do people not always tell the truth?	为什么人们不总是讲真话
Nothing seems to grow in this soil.	这个土壤似乎长不出任何东西来
I know that you like sports.	我知道你喜欢体育运动
A wise man would not say such a thing.	一个聪明人不会说这种话
I shouldn't have sold my house.	我不该把我的房子卖了的
She can speak English, of course.	她会讲英语
I smell gas.	我闻到瓦斯味
This is none of your business.	跟你没半毛钱关系
He thinks he's so great.	他以为自己很了不起
Who's your favorite DJ?	谁是你最喜爱的
How did you know I liked Tom?	你怎么知道我喜欢汤姆
Turn on the radio, please.	请将收音机打开
Can I try this on?	我能试一下吗
Thank you all the same.	同样感谢你
You should be ashamed of your ignorance.	你应该为你的无知感到羞耻
It looks like Tom has a crush on Mary.	看来汤姆热恋着玛丽
I run every day.	我每天跑步
My grandfather lived to be 90 years old.	我的祖父活到九十岁
It is definite that he will go to America.	他肯定要去美国
The life span of a butterfly is short.	蝴蝶的寿命短
I guess that she is over thirty.	我猜她超过三十岁了
I'm sure you'll succeed.	我肯定你会成功
No problem.	没关系
The bank was held up a week ago.	这家银行一周前被抢劫
I suggested that she go alone.	我建议她一个人去
What are your influences?	你的影响力是什么
He hit his head against a rock.	他的头撞倒了一块岩石
That’s actually the truth.	这倒是事实
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?	今天下午你想去动物园吗
Sometimes things that happen do not make sense.	有时候
He's taller than me.	他比我高
I'm really tired.	我累死了
I don't know what you're referring to.	我不知道你指的是什么
This hotel was built last year.	这家旅馆是去年盖的
Summer is coming.	夏天来了
Tom will follow my advice.	汤姆会听从我的建议
This is the tallest tower in Japan.	这是日本最高的塔
He is likely to be late again.	他可能又迟到了
"Would you like any more?" "No, I've had enough."	"	你想再多吃点吗
Tell him to mind his own business.	告诉他别多管闲事
We have plenty of time to spare.	我们还剩下很多时间
Would you do me a favor?	你能帮我一个忙吗
Is it tasty?	好吃吗
The rumor isn't true.	传闻不是正确的
I want to pick out a present for my friend.	我想给我朋友选个礼物
We ate breakfast at seven.	我们
It's not dinnertime yet.	现在还不是晚饭时间
I'm serious.	我是认真的
Please eat something.	请吃点菜
Have you ever loved a man?	你曾经爱过一个男人吗
I feel like going on a trip.	我想去旅行
This is my I.D. card.	这是我的身份证
We were worried.	我们很担心
It is likely to rain again.	很有可能还会下雨
She called me up very late last night.	昨晚她很晚打电话给我
I don't want to swim.	我不想游泳
Water is important for people.	水对人是很重要的
No one's going to find you.	没有人要去找你
This is a picture of my family.	这是一张我全家的照片
I prefer working to doing nothing.	我宁愿工作也不愿闲著
That river flows into the Pacific.	这条河汇入太平洋
Tom is anxious to see you.	Tom	非常渴望见到你
Do you feel like resting?	你感觉轻松吗
Is the work hard?	工作困难吗
The bell rings at eight.	铃声在八点钟响起
I will finish my homework by nine.	我会在九点前完成我的作业
Our teacher has a wonderful sense of humor.	我们的老师非常有幽默感
I was going to work here all day.	我要在这里工作一整天
I'm disappointed that I wasn't able to go with her.	我很失望我没能和她一起去
Tom got first prize, didn't he?	汤姆得了第一名
I am familiar with this subject.	我熟悉这个主题
My father is far from artistic.	我父亲一点也不懂艺术
Why isn't that good?	那为甚么不好
I'm not a beggar.	我不是乞丐
How much do a dozen eggs cost?	一打鸡蛋多少钱
Don't play baseball here.	不要在这里打棒球
Tom isn't an angel.	汤姆不是天使
Is there enough food for everyone?	有足够的食物给大家吗
What kind of woman do you think I am?	你认为我是哪种女人
Tom planted three apple trees in his yard.	汤姆在他的院子里种了三棵苹果树
They were surprised.	他们震惊了
I'm responsible for the mistake.	我为这个错误负责
I bought her a watch.	我买了一支手表给她
I want to watch this movie.	我想看这部电影
Tom is acting as if nothing has happened.	汤姆像什么也没发生一样行动
Tom is a Boston native.	汤姆是波士顿本地人
I have a headache.	我头痛
It's no use arguing with him.	跟他吵没用
I went there to see her.	我去那里看望她
Do you believe what he said?	你相信他说的话吗
Which book is yours?	哪本是你的书
I agree.	我同意
Please go on with your story.	请继续讲你的故事
I might be able to fix that.	我或许可以修好它
I always eat before going to school.	我总是在上学前先吃饭
I am busy today.	我今天忙
Do you really believe that story?	你真的相信那故事吗
We're getting a new car next month.	下个月我们会有辆新车
She squeezed the juice from many oranges.	她榨了许多柳橙汁
Hang up your coat, please.	请把你的外套挂起来
The dress is made of a thin fabric.	这件衣服是由薄织物制成的
If I were invisible I wouldn't have to dress myself.	若我是隐形的
The movie's about to start.	电影快要开演了
There's a big supermarket in my neighborhood.	在我的邻近区域有一个大超市
Don't touch it.	别碰它
My aunt made me a new skirt.	我舅母做了一条新裙子给我
We accept all major credit cards.	我们接受所有主要的信用卡
Dry wood burns well.	干柴烧得旺
A new difficulty has arisen.	出现了新困难
I've known her for a long time.	我已经认识她很久了
Let's have dinner together.	一起吃晚饭吧
They work only during the day.	他们只在白天工作
It's snowing.	正在下雪
She pretended not to hear him yesterday.	昨天她装作没有听见他
We'll know the truth before long.	我们不久将知道真相
I really enjoyed last night.	我昨晚真尽兴
I'd like to reserve a room in a hotel.	我想要订房
She denied having met him.	她否认见过他
These pants fit me well.	我穿这条裤子很合身
Tom isn't done yet.	汤姆还没完成
He said he did not know the man, which was a lie.	他说他不认识那个男人
He could no longer stand the pain.	他再也无法忍受这种痛苦
He is not the man that he was when I first knew him.	他已经不是我最初见他那时的那个人了
Thanks for yesterday.	昨天的事真的要谢谢您了
What did you do last Christmas?	去年圣诞节做了什么了
I remember giving him the key.	我记得给了他钥匙
The motel can accommodate as many as 400 guests.	汽车旅馆可以接待多达
He is getting along with his employees.	他和他的员工相处
We made an appeal for support.	我们提出了请求支持的呼吁
Let's wait here till he comes back.	让我们在这里等他直到他回来
He hid behind the door.	他藏到了门后
Where are you?	你在哪儿
He erased his speech from the tape.	他把他的那段话从磁带里删除了
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple.	如果看起来像个苹果而且吃起来也像苹果的话
Don't be terrified.	别被吓坏了
Let's play tennis in the afternoon.	今天下午让我们打网球吧
We ordered too much food.	我们点太多食物了
He is a student at Harvard.	他是一个哈佛的学生
I agree with you on this issue.	我同意你对这问题的看法
He promised to come, but he didn't come.	他保证过会来却没有来
Tom is your age.	汤姆与你年龄相仿
Tom is about to fall asleep.	汤姆要睡著了
Maybe I'll just give up soon and take a nap instead.	也许我会马上放弃然后去打盹
Who's that man?	那男人是谁
He is in the kitchen.	他在厨房
The buildings shook in the earthquake.	建筑物在地震中摇晃
Where are your things?	你的东西在哪里
We didn't start the fire.	我们没点火
He was forced to sign the document.	他被迫在文件上签字
He always takes sides with her.	他总是跟她站在同一边
The conference will end tomorrow.	会议明天就结束了
Excuse me. Do you speak English?	对不起
An aging population will require more spending on health care.	老龄化的人口需要更多医疗保健支出
Could you please pass me the pepper?	请你把胡椒递给我好吗
That's impossible.	这不可能
The chances are he's already heard the news.	他有可能已经得知这消息
May I open my eyes now?	我现在能睁眼吗
I walked in the woods by myself.	我自己走进了树林里
You'd better stay here a little longer.	你最好在这里待久一点
Ten minutes later, our car ran out of gas.	我们的车再过十分钟就没油了
I wrote down his phone number.	我记下了他的电话号码
English is spoken in America.	在美国说英语
Tom fell down.	汤姆摔倒了
We went on a picnic together.	我们一起去野餐了
The cat caught a mouse.	猫抓住了老鼠
Tom didn't write Mary back.	汤姆没回复玛丽
Having lived in Tokyo, I know the city well.	因为住过东京
I saw many birds yesterday morning.	我昨天早上看到了很多鸟
He came home late last night.	他昨晚很晚回家
I want to be the one who decides.	我想成为决策的人
I'm telling you this confidentially.	这个我只和你说哦
Between you and me, I don't like our new team captain.	我就只告诉你
Would you mind lending me your pencil?	你介意把你的笔借给我吗
Sports are good for your health.	运动有益健康
She made coffee for all of us.	她为我们所有的人煮咖啡
My sister is cooking in the kitchen.	我妹妹正在厨房做饭
I have so many ideas.	我有那么多的主意
I slipped and fell down the stairs.	我滑了一跤并从楼梯上摔下来
Trees do not grow on prairies.	树不会长在草原上
Tom admitted killing Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
Would you please shut the window?	能不能请你把窗关了
He wanted to get his shirts washed.	他想要把他的衬衫洗干净
I didn't understand a single word Tom said.	我不明白汤姆说了什么
We'll wait and see what happens.	我们要等等看会发生甚么
It took me three days to read through this book.	它花了我三天时间去阅读这本书
We skipped his turn on purpose.	轮到他时
We can see Mt. Fuji clearly today.	今天我们可以清楚地看到富士山
I gave my cold to him.	我的感冒传染了他
I went to the station to see my friend off.	我去车站为我朋友送行
Does anyone here know where Tom lives?	这里有人知道汤姆住在哪里吗
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.	明天
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.	我对汉堡感到厌烦了
You can go wherever you want.	你想去哪里都可以
It's eight miles from here to London.	从这里到伦敦要八英里
Where were you yesterday evening?	昨天晚上你在哪里
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想挂科
Don't forget to take out the garbage.	别忘了把垃圾拿出去
How is your wife?	你太太怎么样
I'll take care of it.	我会关照它的
May I see your driver's license, sir?	先生
We must finish our homework first.	我们必须先完成我们的功课
You must do your best.	你必须做到最好
You're always criticizing me.	你总是批评我
Will you come back tomorrow?	您明天回来吗
Where is the gate?	门在哪里
I prefer to remain seated.	我更想继续坐著
What are your weekend plans?	你周末有什么计划
Please translate the sentence below.	请把下面的句子翻译一下
I need you here.	我需要你在这里
I'm sorry, but I can't answer right away.	我很抱歉
Tom went back to his bedroom.	汤姆回到了他的卧室
She is unable to cope with stress.	她无法应付压力
The result confirmed my hypothesis.	这一结果证实了我的猜想
People can't live without air.	没有空气
Keep your eyes open.	睁大你的眼睛
If you stay at a big hotel, you can use their swimming pool.	若你住到的是大的旅馆
Nobody can stop me!	没人能阻止我
Give us two knives and four forks, please.	请给我们两把刀和四把叉
This is a wig.	这是假发
Our country must develop its natural resources.	我们国家必须开发自然资源
If it rains tomorrow, I'll just stay at home.	如果明天下雨
Your English is improving.	你的英语正在进步
How was the fishing?	钓鱼怎么样
It has been cold since yesterday.	从昨天开始变冷了
Release him.	放开他
How much time do you spend on Facebook?	你花多少时间在
Tom studies hard.	汤姆努力学习
Tom is a newcomer.	汤姆是新来的
I haven't been getting enough sleep lately.	我最近一直睡眠不足
Please send me your photo.	请把您的照片发给我
Nobody supported her.	没人支持她
There is no salt left.	没有盐了
I don't want to eat.	我不想吃
They guarantee this clock for a year.	他们保证这个时钟可用一年
Where do you play tennis?	你在哪里打网球
My leg was bitten by that dog.	我的腿被那只狗咬了
This letter is wrongly addressed.	这封信寄错地方了
Rabbits have long ears and short tails.	兔子长着长长的耳朵和短短的尾巴
How are you feeling?	你感觉如何
Everybody knows that.	那件事谁都知道
Is it really possible?	真的是可能的吗
You can count on it.	你可以依靠它
The students are currently on holiday.	现在学生在放假
Tom does everything he can to save money.	汤姆尽全力省钱
I know you think I'm crazy.	我知道你觉得我疯了
I hope you will call again.	我希望你会再打一次电话
She has blue eyes.	她有蓝色的眼睛
I need a lawyer.	我需要一名律师
Something is wrong with the washing machine.	洗衣机有些不对劲
He asked if I liked Chinese food.	他问我是否喜欢中国菜
I need your advice.	我需要你的意见
Can you do that by yourself?	你自己一个人能做吗
She laid the work on him.	她派他去工作了
They say love is blind.	人们说爱情是盲目的
Tom wants to spend more time with his family.	汤姆想多把时间花在他的家庭上
I'll give you a ride.	我会载你一程
It's almost three o'clock.	将近三点了
Why are you being so evasive?	你为什么这么含糊其辞
Tom wants to learn boxing, but his mother thinks it's too dangerous.	汤姆想学拳击
None of this is your money.	这些都不是你的钱
I can feel it.	我感觉得到它
Who did you speak with?	你和谁说话呢
Would you like some coffee?	你要喝咖啡吗
Children can't swim in this river.	小孩儿不能在这条河里游泳
How rude of you!	你真粗鲁
He might change his mind.	他可能会改变心意
Thanks for agreeing to come.	谢谢你答应到来
Where are we going to meet?	我们在哪里见面
We will continue the meeting after some light refreshments.	茶点过后我们接着开会
Would you like something to drink?	你想要什么喝的吗
She was too short to see over the fence.	她太矮了
Sorry, but can you show me the way to the next village?	能不能麻烦你告诉我去邻村怎么走
You can't do two things at once.	你不能一心两用
Try again.	再试一次
Hurry. Please lend me a hand.	快点
I was bored with his old jokes.	我厌倦了他的老笑话
We take it for granted that he will succeed in his business.	我们认为他的生意理所当然会获得成功
I'm glad you were right.	很高兴你是对的
Would you please lock the door?	请你锁门好吗
Mary is an exceptionally beautiful girl.	玛丽是一个非常漂亮的姑娘
Almost all the students like English.	几乎所有的学生喜欢英语
I like to do my homework.	我喜欢做我的作业
I'm trying to save room for dessert.	我尽量留着胃吃甜点
Everybody is here.	每个人都在这里
Tom and Mary admired the scenery as they held hands.	汤姆和玛丽手牵着手
Mary was wearing a navy blue skirt.	玛丽穿着深蓝色的裙子
Pass me the salt, please.	请给我盐
I thought Tom would never shut up.	我认为汤姆不会住口
I saw five men.	我看到了五个男人
How horrible!	真糟糕
Will I have a scar?	我会留疤吗
I came to warn you not to do that.	我来警告你别那样做
Let's leave as soon as he arrives.	他一到
He gave me his stamp of approval.	他给了我正式批准
Tom plays chess better than me.	汤姆下国际象棋比我好
The lock is broken.	锁坏了
I can't see anything from here.	我从这里什么也看不见
There is a man at the door who wants to see you.	门口有个男人想见你
You should've rejected such an unfair proposal.	你本该拒绝一个那么不公平的提议
How many bowls do we have?	我们有几个碗
I think you should open an account here.	我认为你应该在这里开个账户
He made the best of the opportunity.	他善用了这个机会
Even chocolate contains vitamins.	连巧克力中也含有维他命
It's worth the wait.	它是值得等待的
He paused to look at the poster.	他停下脚步看起海报
What do you think I've been doing?	你觉得我之前在做什么
My shoulder really aches.	我的肩膀很酸
Your guess is almost right.	你差不多猜对了
The game ended at nine o'clock.	比赛在九点钟结束
When water freezes it becomes ice.	水结冻后
He has lived here for one week.	他已经住在这里一个星期了
We've got to do something about this problem soon.	我们要快点处理这问题
My father often reads the newspaper during meals.	我父亲经常在吃饭时读报纸
After supper, I washed the dishes.	晚饭后我洗了餐具
I guess that would be all right.	我想那应该没关系的
What were you up to last night?	你昨天晚上做什么
This is old news to me.	这对我来说是旧闻了
Why did you buy such an expensive dictionary?	为什么你买了一本那么贵的词典
She was frequently late for school.	她经常上学迟到
The goods arrived undamaged.	货物毫无损坏地到达了
The engine died.	发动机坏掉了
Life isn't fair, is it?	人生是不公平的
It's bedtime.	睡觉时间到了
This novel is more interesting than the one I read last week.	这本小说比我上周看的那本有意思
I accompanied her on a walk.	我陪她散步
He said that it would probably rain.	他说很可能会下雨
Acid rain is not a natural phenomenon.	酸雨不是自然现象
Tom swims very fast.	汤姆游泳游得非常快
Now is a great time to buy one of those.	现在是买它的最好时机
I think it'll turn out fine.	我觉得没问题
He got away disguised as a policeman.	他伪装成警察逃跑了
I'm the one you want.	我就是你要找的人
Is death the only way out?	死是唯一的解脱吗
Tom was the worst.	汤姆是最坏的
He took a quick look at the magazine.	他迅速瞥了一眼杂志
How much of what I've written here do you understand?	你了解多少我写在这里的东西
I read an exciting story.	我读了一篇精彩的故事
My mother left me a message.	我妈妈留了口信给我
He is always with me.	他一直与我同在
Let's go for a walk after it stops raining.	等雨停了
My father is out.	我父亲外出了
She is a noted singer.	她是一个著名的歌手
We expect to win.	我们看来会赢
This rose is beautiful.	这玫瑰花很美丽
I know that she has been busy.	我知道她一直很忙
All of the dogs were alive.	所有狗都活着
Please feel free to ask questions.	尽管提问
I admit I'm not the tidiest person in the world.	我承认
Which group do you want to join?	你想加入哪一组
I will ask him tomorrow.	我明天会问他
I do not know when she will come back.	我不知道她什么时候会回来
He is fluent in French.	他说法语说得很流利
He's staying with his uncle.	他在他舅舅那里过夜
I love her so much that I can't leave her.	我如此地爱她所以我无法离开她
What are you reading now?	你现在在读甚么
The sun is coming up.	太阳升起来了
Tom is a little depressed.	汤姆有点沮丧
He was playing the piano and she was singing.	他弹钢琴
Tom's out of the country.	汤姆在国外
It's four o'clock by my watch.	我表上是
When to start is the main problem.	主要问题是什么时候开始
We saw Tom talking to Mary.	我们看见汤姆跟玛丽说话
I need to go to the toilet.	我要去方便一下
This work is not necessarily easy.	这项工作未必容易
I wonder what ear lobes are for.	我好奇耳垂有什么作用
We got an interesting piece of information.	我们得到了一份有趣的情报
How much did that cost?	多少钱
You are irresistible.	你令人难以抗拒
My mother boiled ten eggs.	妈妈煮了十只蛋
I need to go to sleep.	我该去睡觉了
I need you to help me find Tom.	我需要你帮我找汤姆
Tom will be sentenced next Monday.	汤姆下个星期一会被判决
The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more.	最好的减肥方法就是少吃多运动
I found the new magazine very interesting.	我发现这本新杂志非常有趣
He pinched and scraped for many years to save money.	为了存钱他省吃俭用了许多年
It's hard to believe that Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.	真难相信汤姆不知道玛丽爱他
It isn't easy to distinguish good from evil.	区分善恶不容易
Are you sure about this?	你确定吗
Let's not discuss the matter today.	今天让我们不要讨论这件事
Tom gave Mary the cold shoulder.	汤姆给玛丽冷的肩膀
What's your biggest fear?	你最害怕的是什么
Where are you going?	你去哪儿
Tom is interested in mountaineering.	汤姆对登山感兴趣
Can you tell me where the nearest antique shop is?	你能告诉我最近的古玩店在哪里吗
This little baby tore up a 10 dollar bill.	这个小婴孩撕掉了一张十美元的钞票
It seems less crowded during the week.	平日似乎比较不拥挤
This pear smells nice.	这只梨闻上去很香
Are you all listening to me?	你们在听我说吗
Tom has just remodeled his kitchen.	汤姆刚改建了他的厨房
Please shut the door.	请关门
Be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to London.	别忘了一到伦敦就给我们留言啊
Those men are speaking French.	那些人在说法语
If I were you, I'd want to know what Tom is doing right now.	如果我是你
Read this now.	现在读这个
Thousands of candles illuminated the church during the ceremony.	数以千计的蜡烛点亮了仪式中的教堂
My mother took me to the park.	妈妈带我去公园
Do you have a lot of money on you?	你身上有很多钱吗
We succeeded.	我们成功了
He compared his car to the new model.	他拿他的车和新款车作比较
She must have studied very hard.	她一定很用功读书
I love her.	我爱她
This dog was born two months ago.	这只狗是两个月前出生的
He lives in that house over there.	他住在那边的那间房子
Chinese is a tonal language.	汉语是一个声调语言
Would you please explain the rules to me?	请你为我解释规则好吗
Tom is leaving Boston tomorrow.	汤姆明天离开波士顿
The Amazon is fed by a large number of tributaries.	亚马逊河有很多支流
That patient may die at any time.	病人随时会死
I bought a camera for 30 dollars.	我花
I can't reach it.	我搆不到它
This is the only camera I've got.	这是我唯一的相机
You may not remember me, but I remember you.	或许你不记得我了
I hung the calendar on the wall.	我把日历挂在墙上
They fine you in Singapore if you throw trash in the streets.	在新加坡的街道上扔垃圾会被罚款
I want to take part.	我要参与
This is the very book you wanted.	这是你非常想要的书
I know that can't really happen.	我知道那不会真的发生
He is taller than me by a head.	他比我高一个头
A winter without snow isn't winter.	没有雪的冬天不是冬天
What is the population of India?	印度的人口有多少
Are you saying that I killed Tom?	你是说是我杀了汤姆吗
Their trip was postponed because of the rain.	他们的旅行因为下雨延期了
Don't start without me.	我不在就别开始
When do you usually get off work?	你们一般几点下班
She took my joke seriously.	她把我的玩笑当真了
This is my own bike.	这是我自己的自行车
I've had a lot of work to do lately.	我最近有很多事情要做
I'll make you happy.	我会让你幸福的
Is the rain to blame?	是雨的错
Do you ever dream about flying through the sky?	你曾经梦想在天空飞翔吗
Do you have any free time this weekend?	这个周末你有时间吗
My younger brother really likes to take photos of mountains.	我弟弟很喜欢拍山的照片
I'm here to help you.	我来这里帮你
When is breakfast?	早餐是从几点到几点
You were in danger.	你处于危险之中
She wants to know who sent the flowers.	她想知道是谁送的花
A card was attached to the gift.	一张卡片被附在了礼物上
He gave the same answer as before.	他给了跟以前一样的回答
She can sing very well.	她唱歌非常好
I know how to set a trap.	我知道怎么设陷阱
Making a good start is half the battle.	好的开始是成功的一半
I lost the watch that my father gave me.	我把爸爸给我的表弄丢了
He is bound to succeed.	他一定会成功
Were you in America last month?	你上个月在美国吗
I go to school by bus.	我乘车去学校
Your hair is pretty.	你的头发很漂亮
Tom needs to study more if he hopes to pass this class.	汤姆如果想通过这门课
She looks very elegant.	她看上去十分优雅
This house is mine.	这房子是我的
I don't have much money on me.	我身上没有很多钱
I know you're busy, too.	我知道
She is always dressed in black.	她总是穿著黑色的衣服
What do you want to say to me?	你想跟我说什么
I'm watching TV.	我在看电视
Why don't you go to sleep?	你怎么不睡觉呢
Pride cometh before a fall.	骄傲是失败的先行者
Now, wait a second.	现在等一下
That's not Tom's fault.	那不是汤姆的错
Tom didn't go.	汤姆没走
The boy was naked to the waist.	男孩赤裸着上身
Tom and Mary went camping in the mountains.	汤姆和玛丽去山里露营
Do you know anything about complex carbohydrates?	你对复合碳水化合物有什么了解吗
When he finished speaking, everyone was silent.	他发言完后
Are you busy today?	你今天忙吗
Tom has a very strong French accent.	汤姆说话的法国腔很重
In Japan, it rains quite a bit during our rainy season which is from mid-June until mid-July.	在日本
I bought two pairs of trousers.	我买了两条裤子
We won the battle.	我们战争胜利了
Get them before they get us.	先下手为强
Let's forget it for now.	让我们现在忘了它吧
I will provide you all the necessary information.	我会把所有有用的信息提供给您的
Will you be there?	你会在那里吗
I totally agree.	我完全同意
This is not true.	这不是真的
I helped him with his homework.	我帮他做他的家庭作业
They water the fruit trees.	他们给果树浇水
I always find puppet shows a bit creepy.	我总觉得木偶戏有点吓人
Did you already eat at home?	你在家吃过了吗
Can this be eaten?	这个能吃吗
Don't call me anymore.	别再给我打电话
I haven't seen Tom since 1988.	我从
It's time to talk.	到谈话的时间了
We've done everything possible.	我们尽力了
Here's where they usually have dinner.	这儿是他们通常吃晚饭的地方
"Thanks for the help." "Don't mention it."	“	谢谢你的帮助
The ball is that boy's prized possession.	这个球是那个男孩的宝贝
They rescued the boy from drowning.	他们救了这个落水的男孩
You need to go.	你们得走了
This car was so cheap that he could afford it.	这车便宜得让他能买得起
Tom already has a plan.	汤姆已经有个计划
Daddy loves to say funny things.	爹地喜欢讲有趣的事
When I woke up, it was snowing.	当我醒来时
I'll call you as soon as I've finished.	我办完事会立刻联络你
The milk is sour.	牛奶馊了
I vaguely remember meeting him.	我依稀记得见过他
I want to just focus on the positive.	我只想注意积极方面
You look as healthy as ever.	你看起来健康如昔
I'm called Tom.	我叫
I want your love.	我要你的爱
I want you to read this book.	我想让你读这本书
After winning the Nobel prize, she remained as modest as ever.	获得诺贝尔奖后
He has a brother and two sisters.	他有一个兄弟和两个姐妹
That's what I always say.	那是我经常说的
I like singing with Tom.	我喜欢跟汤姆唱歌
Why exactly did you need to do that?	你到底为什么要这么做
You're a wonderful woman.	你是位了不起的女性
I have a lot of cats.	我有很多狗
Please feed the dog every day.	请每天喂一下狗
Would you mind opening the window?	你介意打开窗户吗
Ask Tom.	去问汤姆
My handwriting is illegible.	我的字迹难以辨别
Tom cried for a long time.	汤姆哭了很长时间
He quickly made friends with the new boy on the block.	他很快便与小区里新来的男孩交上了朋友
What's that bird called?	那只鸟叫什么名字
What's this?	那是什么
There are too many people here. Let's go somewhere else.	这里人太多了
I guess you heard about what happened this morning.	我想你听说今天早上发生什么了
It still could happen.	它仍可能会发生
We hope Tom is OK.	我们希望汤姆没事
I wish he would write more often.	我希望他来信更勤些
We got to be friends.	我们交了朋友
What's with you?	你怎么了
I thought that you were listening.	我以为你在听
I will make it clear that I won't come again.	我要明确表示我不会再来了
I have a car.	我有一辆车
I've got to shave before leaving.	离开前我必须刮胡子
Tom has spent the past three years in prison.	汤姆在监狱里待了三年
I demand an explanation for this mistake.	我要求说明这个错误
You're an excellent journalist.	你是个优秀的记者
Are you there?	你在吗
Winter is just around the corner.	冬季快来了
Do you deliver on Sundays?	你们周日送货吗
The storm prevented us from arriving on time.	暴风妨碍了我们准时到达
I heard him coming downstairs.	我听见他下楼的声音
I couldn't leave Tom.	我不能离开汤姆
Could you tell me what I should do next?	你可以告诉我我下一步该做什么吗
We want to spend our honeymoon in Australia.	我们想在澳大利亚过蜜月
I finally found a job.	我终于找到工作了
I can read without glasses.	没眼镜我可以读
He didn't come to the last meeting.	他最后一场会议没来
My plane leaves at six o'clock.	我搭的飞机在六点钟起飞
We tried to stop you.	我们试著阻止你
I usually go to school by bus.	我经常搭公车上学
Stand back!	往后站
The number of people suffering from heart disease has increased.	遭受心脏病困扰的人数增加了
We should call the police.	我们应该叫警察来
I wish I knew where he was!	但愿我知道他在哪里
Our friendship was put to the test.	我们的友谊受到了考验
The child will be six.	那孩子要六岁了
We enjoyed swimming in the river.	我们喜欢在河里游泳
I have a cold.	我感冒了
You can trust him to keep his word.	你可以相信他会信守诺言
Does Tom live in Boston?	汤姆住在波士顿吗
You're sick. You have to rest.	你病了
Tom also has one.	汤姆也有一个
You can't park here.	这里不能停车
He was out of breath.	他气喘吁吁的
There is a long wait between trains.	在火车的间隔中有漫长的等待
I don't like you anymore.	我再也不喜欢你了
I wish to climb Mt. Fuji again.	我希望再爬一次上富士山
Not everyone is smiling.	不是每个人都在笑
Tom showed up just in time.	汤姆刚好准时到了
His work is washing cars.	他的工作是洗车
Did you phone Tom?	给汤姆打过电话了吗
They made us work all day.	他们让我们工作了一整天
Those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who don't are uncivilized.	用叉子和筷子的人经常觉得不用叉子和筷子的人不文明
You are drunk!	你喝醉了
It is more blessed to give than to receive.	赠与比接受更让人觉得幸福
He said it merely as a joke.	他这么说就是为了开玩笑
Are you free on Tuesday?	你周二有没有空
Pay the cashier on the way out.	在出口处的收银台付款
Is there anything that I shouldn't eat?	有什么东西是我不该吃的吗
Not everybody can be an artist.	不是所有人都能当艺术家的
Come to my house whenever you like.	只要你喜欢
I'll send a message to Tom.	我会给汤姆发信息
I think Tom has a crush on Mary.	我觉得汤姆爱上玛丽了
I'm good at skiing.	我擅长滑雪
I wish I were a little taller.	但愿我长高一点
It's your turn.	轮到您了
I don't blame you for hitting him.	我不怪你撞到他
It's already open.	它已经开放了
It's fairly warm today.	今天相当暖和
She began to sing.	她开始唱歌了
It'll soon be three o'clock.	很快就要三点钟了
They were going to lose.	他们要输了
How much does he earn per month?	他一个月赚多少
He dipped his spoon into the soup.	他把他的汤匙浸入汤里
Do you want anything to eat?	你想要吃任何东西吗
I want a little money.	我想要点钱
My grandfather gets up early.	我的祖父早起
Do you like this book?	你喜欢这本书吗
I was searched by the customs officers at the airport.	我在机场被海关人员搜查
Tom is writing a letter to his best friend.	汤姆正给他的好友写信
Can you put some suntan lotion on my back?	你能在我的背上涂些防晒霜吗
I provided him with food.	我提供了他食物
This room has two closets for clothing.	这房间有两个衣橱
He committed suicide.	他自杀了
Tom is living somewhere in Boston.	汤姆住在波士顿某地
I like to go fishing with my father.	我喜欢和父亲一起去钓鱼
I'm going to call you tomorrow.	明天我给你打电话
The enemy attacked us at night.	敌人在夜间攻击了我们
Slow down.	慢一点
Constant dripping wears away a stone.	水滴石穿
I'll help you escape.	我会帮你逃跑的
He graduated from Tokyo University.	他毕业于东京大学
He is regarded as the best doctor in the village.	他被视为村里最好的医生
I can't speak Japanese.	我不说日语
Is this snake safe to touch?	摸这条蛇安全吗
Nobody voted against it.	没有人投反对票
Do you study at a private school?	你在私立学校读书吗
These are our desks.	这些是我们的书桌
I thought that Tom would be worried.	我以为汤姆会感到担心
Tom told Mary his age.	汤姆告诉玛丽他的年龄
She is dressed in white.	她穿着白色的衣服
Tom won't tell Mary the real reason that he did that.	汤姆不会告诉玛丽他做那件事的真实原因
She cooked us a wonderful meal.	她为我们煮了丰盛的一餐
She lived a lonely life.	她的生活很寂寞
Where is your house?	你家在哪里
How did you spend your weekend?	你的周末是怎么过的
We are traveling on a tight budget.	我们用少的预算旅行
I'm dying for a cold drink.	我迫切需要冷饮
How cute!	多可爱啊
You'd better not go today.	你今天最好不要去
All I want is my freedom.	我只要自由
He bought his daughter a new dress.	他买了新衣服给他的女儿
Who were you talking with?	你和谁说话呢
May I pay with a travelers' check?	我可以用旅行支票支付吗
I don't believe you. You're always telling lies.	我不相信你
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.	别担心
He swam across the river.	他游过了河
Please send this by registered mail.	请用挂号寄这个
Don't leave me here alone.	别把我一个人留在这里
Though wounded, they continued to fight.	尽管受了伤
Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.	每个人都在谈论天气
The old man is very kind.	这位老人家非常仁慈
She has a strong personality.	她有很强的个性
My mother likes tea very much.	我妈妈很喜欢茶
Many students like to study in the morning.	许多学生喜欢在早上学习
Let's not waste time arguing about it.	我们别再浪费时间争论了
When he retired, his son took over the business.	他退休的时候
Having met him before, I recognized him at once.	因为以前见过他
He shaved his mustache off.	他刮了他的胡子
Is this your first visit to Japan?	这是你第一次到日本吗
What's Mary's husband's name?	玛丽的丈夫叫什么名字
I'm at home.	我在家里
Did you find your contact lenses?	你找到你的隐形眼镜了吗
I'm sorry I hurt you.	很抱歉我伤害了你
I caught a beautiful butterfly.	我抓到一只漂亮的蝴蝶
I didn't feel bad.	我没觉得不好
Open your book to page nine.	打开你的书到第九页
He began to feel afraid.	他开始害怕了
Her face turned red.	她脸红了
See you tomorrow in the library.	明天图书馆见
You should run for city council.	你应该去竞选城市委员会
Ask her when she will come back.	问问她什么时候回来
I'm sure you would do the same for me.	我很确定你也会为我做同样的事
It's not as easy to do that as people think.	这并不像一般人觉得的那么容易
The taxi's here.	出租车到了
He drinks too much beer.	他喝太多啤酒
I heard Tom could do that.	我听说汤姆能做
One of my suitcases is missing.	我的其中一个行李不见了
I don't hate you.	我不讨厌你
The early bird gets the worm.	早起的鸟儿有虫吃
What do you think he did?	你觉得他这样做怎么样
He skis in Hokkaido every winter.	他每年冬天在北海道滑雪
I know what he did.	我知道他做了
It's only a dream.	只是一场梦罢了
Congratulations!	恭喜
This hall can hold 5,000 people.	这个大厅可以容纳
This fish is delicious.	这条鱼很美味
I chose the wrong one.	我选了错的那个
I have a proposal.	我有个提案
I canceled my hotel reservation.	我取消了我旅馆的预订
It was only a dream.	只是一场梦罢了
It is not necessary for you to quit the job.	你没必要辞掉工作
Work harder if you plan to succeed.	如果你计划要成功
He can speak Russian as well.	他还会说俄语
I'd rather walk than take a bus.	我宁愿走路胜过搭公车
You have to move.	你得行动了
There's nobody here.	这里没人
I'm the one who wants to be with you.	我才是那个想和你在一起的人
The situation has become hopeless.	情况变得没有希望了
Let me tell you the reasons that I don't agree with you.	让我来告诉你我不赞成你的理由
Who do you live with?	你和谁住在一起
Bring Tom here.	把汤姆带到这里来
I didn't understand you.	我没听懂您的意思
It's hard for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.	法语说得快
All of us went to the theater to see a play.	我们所有的人都去剧院看戏
It seems to me that she has a tendency to exaggerate.	在我看来
Are you going out tomorrow?	你明天出去吗
The artist who illustrated this book is very good.	给这本书画插画的画家很好
Tom was so drunk that he didn't even recognize me.	汤姆醉得连我都认不出来了
Anything you say can be used against you in court.	你所说的一切都将成为呈堂证供
Are you a student?	您是学生吗
In London, the police are always worried about finding a bomb on the train or subway.	在伦敦
He already knew about it.	他已经意识到它了
Long time, no see.	好久不见了
Is one thousand yen enough?	1000	日元够不够
What did you do at that moment?	当时你在做什么
I'm old enough to support myself.	我年纪够大可以养活我自己
Why don't you join our party?	你为什么不参加我们的派对
What is your name?	您叫什么名字
He arrived at school exactly on time.	他刚好准时到校
She has plenty of books.	她有大量的书
I got up early in the morning.	我早上很早起床
We happened to get on the same bus.	我们恰巧上了同一辆公交车
I'm going to go there with Tom.	我要和汤姆去那里
He will be free tomorrow.	他明天有空
Tom came here to talk to Mary.	汤姆来这里和玛丽谈话
How much does a bus ticket cost?	公车票价多少钱
I don't want to drink anything.	我什么都不想喝
He set fire to his own house.	他放火烧了自己的房子
Who did you give that to?	你把东西交给谁了
I just thought I should double check.	我只觉得我应该再检查一遍
You have to go to the hospital.	你必须去医院
What did Tom do today?	汤姆今天做了什么
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.	没有你我无法做到
I must return home within a week.	我得要在一周内回家
My sister married a doctor.	我妹妹嫁给了一个医生
I had him write it.	我要他写
He likes to build model planes.	他喜欢建造模型飞机
It is likely to rain tomorrow.	明天有可能会下雨
The Cold War ended when the Soviet Union collapsed.	冷战以苏联解体结束
Where's the nearest station?	最近的车站在哪里
Tom was able to solve the problem by himself.	汤姆有办法自己把问题解决了
I want you.	我想要你
There you go again.	你又来了
Did Tom actually say that?	汤姆真的那么说了吗
The fuel tank in the car is full.	汽车油箱是满的
Tom is a rabbi.	汤姆是个拉比
He asked me if I liked mathematics.	他问我喜不喜欢数学
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	我宁愿是一只鸟胜过一条鱼
They're not afraid of hard work.	他们不怕艰苦的工作
Are you a doctor?	你是医生吗
She didn't like her husband drunk.	她不喜欢让自己丈夫喝醉
I'm reading the newspaper.	我正在读报纸
He always tells the truth.	他总是说实话
I learned to drive a car and got a driver's license when I was eighteen.	我十八岁时
He began to eat his breakfast.	他开始吃他的早餐了
My mother is a very good cook.	我妈妈是一个很棒的厨师
If they hadn't noticed, there wouldn't have been any problems.	要是他们没有发现
Please help yourself to some fruit.	请随意吃水果
I had a hard time trying to persuade him to cancel the trip.	说服他中止旅行真是件苦差事
It's really awesome.	太棒了
Death is like dreaming.	死亡就如同做梦一样
I did nothing during the holidays.	在假期中我无所事事
It isn't polite to stare at people.	盯著人看是不礼貌的
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as Mary does.	汤姆可能不知道如何像玛丽一样做得好
Tom isn't complaining.	汤姆没有抱怨
Please don't forget to mail this letter.	请不要忘记寄信
I tried to tell you.	我试著要告诉你
I'll get there as soon as I can.	我会尽可能早地到那儿
The company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990.	该公司于
London is the capital of England.	伦敦是英国的首都
She believes that he is innocent.	她相信他是无辜的
Can I help?	我可以帮忙吗
He's stronger than you.	他比你强壮
History is not his major subject.	历史不是他的主修课
What would you like to eat?	您想吃什么
What do you want to know?	你想知道什么
I would never let you down.	我永远不会让你失望
What did you want to tell me?	你想对我说什么
Life without love is meaningless.	没有爱的人生没有意义
Did you forget anything?	没有什么落下的吧
A computer is an absolute necessity now.	电脑现在是一个绝对必要的东西了
Don't touch this with your dirty hands.	别用你的脏手碰这个
I respect the elderly.	我尊敬长辈
What you said left a deep impression on me.	你说的话给我留下了很深刻的印象
If you do it this way, you can save several hours.	这样做你能节约几个小时
It was a lot of fun.	它很好玩
Do you have a cough?	你咳嗽吗
Do you have a list of hotels?	你有旅馆名录吗
The moon is beautiful, isn't it?	今晚月色真美
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her.	教师用手指指着我
You'd better consult the doctor.	您最好请教一下医生
Tom failed.	汤姆失败了
I saw the person I expected standing there.	我看到我要等的那个人就站在那儿
Remember to admire her new dress.	记得称赞她的新洋装
You won't be able to see anything without a flashlight.	没有手电筒的话
I didn't suspect anything.	我没有怀疑任何事
Do you know what PKO stands for?	你知道
Do you think Tom is wealthy?	你认为汤姆有钱吗
He doesn't like traveling by air.	他不喜欢搭飞机旅行
This chair is uncomfortable.	这个椅子坐着不舒服
How is everybody doing?	大家好吗
Could you turn it down?	你可以转小声一点吗
The sun was shining, yet it was cold.	虽然有阳光照射
Tom is careful, isn't he?	汤姆很仔细
Many workers were trapped in the coal mine.	许多劳动者受困在煤矿场中
I'll never stop.	我绝不会停
It isn't going to take long.	不会花很多时间的
I'm very busy these days.	我最近很忙
Tom is very angry now.	汤姆现在很生气
What time does the movie start?	电影什么时候开始
It's been an amazing experience.	这是奇妙的体验
He may come and see us tonight.	他今天晚上可能来看我们
This book is popular with students.	这本书受到学生的欢迎
Tom is a normal teenager.	汤姆是个普通的青少年
Man is the only animal that can make use of fire.	人是唯一会使用火的动物
I can't answer you now.	我现在不能回答你
Lie down and make yourself comfortable.	躺下来让自己舒服一点
You've put on weight, haven't you?	你的体重增加了
The acid ate into the metal.	酸性腐蚀了金属
Many small companies went bankrupt.	许多小公司倒闭了
Don't let her go out after dark.	天黑后不要让她出门
Please lock the door.	请把门锁上
Translate the passage word for word.	逐字地翻译这个段落
Don't you feel better?	你感觉好些了吗
They always complain.	他们总是抱怨
Coal is not always black.	煤并不一定都是黑的
Tom says he didn't know what to do.	汤姆说他不知道要做什么
I paid the bill.	我买了单
I might've forgotten my keys.	我可能把钥匙忘了
He is sometimes absent from school.	他偶尔逃学
Tom doesn't even know my name.	汤姆甚至不知道我的名字
My brother would often stay up all night reading novels.	我哥哥经常熬夜看小说
Don't confuse desire with love.	不要把欲望和爱情混为一谈
Such a thing can't happen in Japan.	这样的事情不可能在日本发生
May I go to the toilet?	我可以去厕所吗
My gums are bleeding.	我的牙龈流血
Cheese is made from milk.	奶酪是用奶做成的
Which club do you belong to?	你属于哪个社团
He came to pick me up.	他来接我走
I'm already full, thank you.	我已经很饱了
Tom, you've got to get up.	汤姆
We had a lot to drink.	我们喝了很多
We're going to be here all day.	我们要在这里待一整天
We are happy to see you again.	我们很高兴再次见到你
I have no strength.	我没力气了
Why are you alone?	你为什么一个人
Something has happened to my car.	我的车出了点事
I always drink a cup of coffee in the morning.	在早晨
There's always someone talking.	总是会有人说话
Does this letter have to be written in English?	这封信必须用英文写吗
I don't like sushi.	我不喜欢寿司
Checks are accepted.	我们接受支票
John took a key from his pocket.	约翰从他的口袋拿出了一把钥匙
I want to talk with your uncle.	我想和你的舅舅谈一谈
He earns twice as much as me.	他的工资是我的两倍
It isn't anything like as cold as it was yesterday.	今天没有像昨天那么冷
My mother washes clothes every day.	我妈妈每天洗衣服
Tom got out of the jeep.	汤姆从吉普车上下来了
Tom says he isn't sure if he can do that, but he says he'll try.	汤姆说他不确定是否能做到
There weren't any roses in the garden.	花园里没有任何玫瑰
Are you all ready?	你们都准备好了吗
Tom and Mary stayed at a fancy hotel.	汤姆和玛丽入住了一家高档酒店
Remember to buy mayo.	记得买蛋黄酱
My father likes pizza.	我父亲喜欢批萨
No one likes war.	没有人喜欢战争
Tom is speaking French.	汤姆在说法语
They mistook him for his brother.	他们错把他当成他的兄弟
You need to have friends who can help you out.	你需要可以帮助你的朋友
Never be afraid of making mistakes.	不要害怕犯错
Tom takes the bus to the city.	汤姆搭公车去市区
I'm fed up with this weather.	我受够了这天气
These days I'm very busy.	我最近忙得很
I think I'll take a bath tonight.	我想我今晚会洗澡
I apologize for yesterday.	我为昨天发生的事道歉
He tried to sleep on the floor.	他试著在地板上睡觉
I got the roller skates for nothing.	我免费得到溜冰鞋
There are always some people who are unreasonable.	总有一些人不讲理
Mary is sitting at the desk.	玛丽正坐在办公桌旁
Tom has many cats.	汤姆有很多猫
It's just big enough for Tom.	这尽够汤姆的
I'd like three of these.	这我要三个
When did the movie start?	电影什么时候开始
What's the worst-case scenario?	最坏的情境是什么
All of the milk was spilled.	所有的牛奶都洒出去了
Please keep an eye on my suitcase.	请留神看著我的手提箱
He can't help you.	他不能帮你
I didn't sleep well last night.	我昨晚没睡好
I hope Tom loses.	我希望汤姆输
Do you know the meaning of this word?	您知道这个词的意思吗
Have you already fed the horses?	你喂过马了吗
She must have done it yesterday.	她昨天一定已经做过了
Keep reading.	继续看
You'll be confused.	你会困惑
Perhaps he missed the train.	他可能错过了火车
I've done enough already.	我已经做够了
I just can't believe it.	我真是不能相信
What're you after?	你想要什么
The baby went to sleep at once.	这个小婴儿立刻去睡觉了
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.	我期待您的消息
I eat meat three times a week.	我每周吃肉三次
Do you play a musical instrument?	你演奏乐器吗
You look pale today.	你今天看上去很苍白
Tom is wearing what he wore yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.	说英语的时候不要怕犯错
This city is 1,600 meters above sea level.	这座城市海拔
I think that watching TV is a waste of time.	我觉得看电视是浪费时间
I am in the house.	我在家里
She lost her father when she was three years old.	她父亲在她三岁时死了
Where were you last night?	昨天晚上你在哪里
Could I have the check?	把帐单给我好吗
Some people criticized our decision.	一些人批评了我们的决定
Tom is at school, isn't he?	汤姆在学校里
He catches colds easily.	他很容易感冒
I don't feel very well. I should go home.	我感觉不太好
Are you good at mathematics?	你数学好吗
Hurry up, and you will be in time for the bus.	快点
It was ten years ago that he first came to Japan.	他第一次来到日本是在十年前
I got him to repair my car.	我让他修理我的车子
I'm surprised that your family has a Japanese car.	我很惊讶
I am playing the piano now.	我现在正在弹钢琴
This is going to be very expensive.	这要花很多钱
He put on clean trousers.	他穿上了干净的裤子
He has made the baseball team.	他已经成为了棒球队员
I work every day except for Sundays.	我除了星期天外每天都上班
My idea is different from yours.	我的想法与你不同
I don't remember your name.	我不记得你的名字了
Tom didn't doubt that there would be a lot of people there.	汤姆确定那里会有很多人
We managed to get some foreign stamps.	我们设法得到一些外国的邮票
She tried to kill herself.	她企图自杀
Popcorn is my favorite snack.	爆米花是我最喜欢的零食
The death penalty had been done away with in many states in the USA.	死刑在美国的很多州都被废除了
The charge for a front row seat is 5 dollars.	第一排的座位
I plan to go there.	我打算去那里
I lost my money.	我丢了我的钱
She ran very fast to catch up with the other members.	她跑得很快是为了赶上其他成员
That isn't my job.	这不是我的工作
My grandson is still a baby.	我的孙子还是个婴儿
Pace yourself.	量力而行
They should arrive by ten o'clock.	他们应该十点前到
Your shirt is unbuttoned.	你的衬衫没系上扣子
Did you see a brown wallet around here?	你在附近看见过一只咖啡色的钱包吗
He was named after his grandfather.	他以他祖父的名字被命名
Would you like to dance with me?	你愿意和我跳舞吗
It's an artificial flower.	这是朵人造花
Don't walk home alone.	不要自己一个人走回家
I believe you're honest.	我相信你是诚实的
We've got to get you out of here.	我们必须把你带走
She traveled around Japan.	她环游了日本
What does that gentleman do for a living?	那位先生靠什么生活
The family ate dinner together.	家里人一起吃了晚饭
The colors of the American flag are red, white and blue.	美国国旗的颜色是红白蓝
No one knows whether he loves her or not.	谁也不知道他是否爱她
He hid his friend from the police.	他把他的朋友藏了起来不让警察知道
I asked her out on a date.	我请她出去约会
Turn off the light.	关灯
I don't really want to live in Australia.	我不怎么想住在澳大利亚
I don't want to spoil the ending for you.	我不想把结局提前透露给你
Plastic does not burn easily.	塑料不易燃烧
I'm sure Tom would approve.	我确定汤姆会同意
Taking the group of children to the library was no problem.	带孩子团体去图书馆一点问题都没有
She went upstairs.	她上楼了
I don't want to talk about it.	我不想谈论这个问题
We ran three kilometers.	我们跑了三公里
Have you finished doing that?	你做完了吗
It had to be Tom that did that.	一定是汤姆做的
That's my dad.	那个是我爸爸
I'll never forget your kindness.	我永远不会忘记你的好意
I don't like dogs.	我不喜欢狗
I'm no longer your assistant.	我不再是你的助手了
Thanks anyway.	还是要说谢谢的
There are no hats in that store that fit me.	那个店里没有合我尺寸的帽子
Who's the boss of this company?	这家公司的老板是谁
I will show you some pictures.	我会让你看照片
Seen from the sky, the river looked like a huge snake.	从天上看下来
Are you going to use this?	你要用这东西吗
The toilet is backed up.	厕所塞住了
I hope you don't die.	我希望你别死
Tom was injured in the blast.	汤姆在爆炸中受伤
"I'll be back," said Tom.	“	我会回来
Mary has a flower in her hand.	玛丽手上有一朵花
Tom slept with his shoes on.	汤姆穿着鞋睡了
Did you enjoy the party yesterday?	昨天的派对你玩得开心吗
When will it be convenient for you?	什么时候对你来说是方便的
Is it true Tom wants to paint his house green?	汤姆想把房子漆成绿色
This is a defibrillator.	这是一个除颤器
There are many mysteries in life.	人生中有许多不可解的事物
How many boys are in this class?	这个班有多少男生
Tom likes football.	汤姆喜欢足球
Mary is not poor. On the contrary, she is quite rich.	玛丽不穷
They all did it.	他们都做了
He has no house to live in.	他没有房子住
Would you like a cup of coffee?	你要来杯咖啡吗
Tom is taller than you.	汤姆比你高
The bread isn't fresh.	面包不新鲜
Tom is miserly.	汤姆很小气
How did you know that I was with Tom?	你怎么知道我和汤姆在一起
Will he come tomorrow?	他明天会来吗
This is a good newspaper, isn't it?	这是份好报纸
The family is watching a movie together.	这一家人一起看电影
She got married against her father's will.	她违背了她父亲的意愿结了婚
I saw it in the newspaper.	我是在报纸上看到它的
I seem to be unlucky today.	我今天看来很幸运
This system has obvious defects.	这个系统有些明显的缺陷
He doesn't always come late.	他不是总来晚
For what purpose did he come here?	他来这里的目的是什么
I prefer being poor to being rich.	我更愿意贫穷而不是富裕
You should've come yesterday.	你昨天应该来的
I always enjoy listening to classical music when I have some free time.	有空的时候
Are you serious?	你认真的
I think I'm right.	我想我是对的
I'll see you next Wednesday.	我下星期三见你
My right hand is numb.	我的右手麻了
Tom has his own bedroom.	汤姆有他自己的房间
I got a phone call from him just as I was about to go to bed.	我正要上床的时候接到了他打来的电话
Is there any chance that you'll go to Australia next month?	你有下个月去澳大利亚的机会吗
No one man could do it.	没有一个人能做到这一点
I don't think that it's going to be easy to find Tom.	我认为
This is a picture of my sister.	这是我姊姊的照片
The things he says are not the least bit important.	他说的话根本毫无意义
It's a clear day.	它是一个晴朗的日子
The future looked very gloomy.	前途一片阴暗
How far is it to the station?	到火车站有多远
Even expert drivers can make mistakes.	再怎么经验老到的司机都会出错
I hear he is good at mahjong.	我听说他打麻将很厉害
I had a hard day.	我过了难挨的一天
What souvenir do you think she would like most?	你觉得她最想要什么纪念品
The worst is over.	最坏的已经过去了
Drive cautiously.	安全地驾驶
I'll be at home all day tomorrow.	明天我一整天都在家
He was hurt in a car accident.	他在一次车祸中受伤了
There's a possibility that you'll have to do that.	你有可能不得不那么做
Don't pry into my private life.	不要插手我的私生活
There are too many people there.	那里太多人了
Tell me your story. I am all ears.	告诉我你的故事
What have you come here for?	您来这儿干嘛
Tom has many talents.	汤姆多才多艺
The blue lines on the map represent rivers.	地图上的蓝线代表河流
Stay out of my kitchen.	别进我的厨房
We're both here for the same reason.	我们来这里是为了同一个原因
How complex is it?	它有多复杂
Tom came over and shook my hand.	汤姆过来跟我握了手
I collect stamps.	我收集邮票
This tunnel is twice as long as that one.	这条隧道是那条的两倍长
Yes, I know.	是的
It's one of the reasons.	这是其中一个原因
Tom can give you an answer tomorrow.	汤姆明天会给你一个答案
Tom didn't give me back my money.	汤姆没有还我钱
What did you tell them?	你告诉了他们什么
He is as tall as his father.	他和他爸爸一样高
Life goes on.	人生会继续
I wasn't yelling.	我没有在吼
I'm going to learn French.	我要学法语
But that's not the real problem.	可那不是真正的问题所在
How long did you live there?	你住在那里多久了
I don't know when I need to be there.	我不知道什么时候要在那里
I gave up smoking for a year.	我戒烟一年了
Rome was not built in a day.	冰冻三尺
My father likes pizza very much.	我父亲非常喜欢披萨
Let me have a try at it.	让我试试
This is Uncle Tom's farm.	这是汤姆叔叔的农场
Do you know who he is?	你知道他是谁吗
Something is wrong with my watch.	我的手表坏了
My wife buys vegetables from a supermarket nearby.	我老婆在附近的超市买蔬菜
He left the house without saying goodbye.	他没说再见就离开了房子
Tom knew that Mary was upset.	汤姆知道玛丽不高兴
You can do whatever you want to.	你可以做任何你想做的事
I am blind in the right eye.	我的右眼瞎了
There is one apple on the desk.	桌上有个苹果
A good neighbour is better than a brother far off.	远亲不如近邻
He took her out for a drive.	他带她出去兜风了
All men are equal under the law.	法律之前人人平等
Both of you are wrong.	你们俩都错了
It is fun to speak in English.	说英语很有趣
I think he is not home.	我觉得他不在家
The house is burning.	这房子正在燃烧著
The girl resembled her mother.	这个女孩很像她的母亲
The horse is a useful animal.	马是种很有用的动物
I ordered a pizza on the phone.	我打电话订了个披萨
Could you send it to this address?	你能把它送到这个地址吗
It's a pity that you can't join us.	你不能和我们一起来真可惜
I want to go with you.	我想和你一起走
It's very cold.	非常冷
That book is very old.	那本书很旧
I didn't get his joke.	我不懂他的玩笑话
Take a book and read it.	拿本书读
She made tea for me.	她给我沏了茶
I can't just let Tom kill me.	我不能让汤姆这么轻易杀了我
It's time to hit the sack.	睡觉时间到了
It'll soon be time for dinner.	不久就要吃正餐了
I saw my reflection in the window.	我在窗户上看见了我的映像
I am the fastest runner.	我是跑得最快的人
How unfortunate!	可怜
The story of Tom and Mary is very interesting.	汤姆和玛丽的故事真有意思
Tom ripped a page out of his sketch book.	汤姆从他的绘画本上撕下了一页
I'd like to invite you to the party.	我想请你参加派对
My sister goes to a university.	我妹妹上大学
Why are you showing me this?	你给我看这个干嘛
Tom looked at me and smiled.	汤姆看着我笑了
You will soon get used to speaking in public.	你很快就会习惯在公开场合讲话了
There are twelve months in a year.	一年有十二个月
English and German are two related languages.	英语和德语是两种相关的语言
She stopped to smoke a cigarette.	她停下来抽了根烟
Tom bought a mobile phone.	汤姆买了个手机
Can't you get by on your salary?	靠你的收入你不能过活吗
I suggest we drink as little as possible to be polite.	我建议
I can't believe he did that.	我不能相信他做到了
I know that you're busy, too.	我知道
Tom knows I want to leave as soon as possible.	汤姆知道我想尽早离开
Have you ever broken your glasses?	你摔坏过你的眼镜吗
She kept working.	她不停地工作
My husband's not in town.	我丈夫没在城里
My father works in a factory.	我爸在工厂工作
We could stay in Boston for a few more days if you like.	如果你愿意的话
She takes care of my children.	她照顾我的孩子
Their meeting was inevitable.	他们的相遇是必然的
This time, it's different.	这一次不一样
Compare your answers with the teacher's.	把你的答案和老师的比较一下
Where was the mistake?	错在哪里
I'm injured.	我受伤了
The homework is due next Monday.	交作业的截止日期是下周一
Tom put his wallet on the desk.	汤姆把钱包放在了桌子上
My brother is a teacher.	我的哥哥是老师
I hope I see it again.	我希望再次见到它
I'm beginning to remember it.	我开始记起来了
Do you want to speak to Tom?	你想跟汤姆说话吗
Don't touch my camera.	不要碰我的相机
Tom is an excellent father.	汤姆是个杰出的爸爸
Do you know when she will come?	你知道她什么时候会来吗
I'd do anything for Tom.	我会为汤姆做任何事
Please turn down the radio.	请把收音机关小声一点
I'm an only child.	我是独生子
Would you like to come?	你愿意来吗
You must be tired after such a long trip.	在这么长程的旅途后你一定很累了
My brother won't be at home tomorrow.	我的兄弟明天不在家
She needed some money to buy something to feed her dog.	她需要一些钱来买点东西喂她的狗
Keep the money in a safe place.	把钱保存在安全的地方
I have three tickets.	我有三张票
You're very alert.	你真是警惕
Water is very important.	水非常重要
Shall we go out for a walk?	出去散步怎么样
The room was full of smoke.	这个屋子里满是烟雾
When are you going home?	你什么时候回家
I'm satisfied with my work.	我很满意我的工作
We'll never forget your kindness.	我们永远不会忘记你的亲切
I went to the hospital to have my eyes tested.	我到医院去检查了眼睛
We're having a party this evening.	我们今天晚上将举行派对
I didn't go to school yesterday.	昨天你没有去学校
How can we save Tom?	我们怎样才可以救汤姆
She hated her husband.	她恨她的丈夫
He will be at home tomorrow.	他明天会在家
He pushed the emergency button.	他按下了紧急按钮
I'm sure that you'll succeed.	我肯定你会成功
My father retired at the age of 65.	我父亲在六十五岁时退休
They were so young.	他们是那么年轻
She left her gloves in the car.	她把她的手套留在车上了
We owe you an apology.	我们欠你个道歉
The boy grew up to be a great statesman.	这个孩子长大后成为了一个伟大的政治家
He lost his eyesight in the accident.	他在意外中失明了
Tom is asleep on the couch.	汤姆在长沙发上睡着了
I rode my bicycle to the store.	我骑了我的自行车去商店
I hope you can come.	我希望你能来
I don't accept it.	我不接受
I know him by sight, but not by name.	我知道他的样子
They were worried.	他们担心
My house is old and ugly.	我的房子又旧又难看
What do you want now?	你现在想要什么
Tom was a teacher for nearly thirty years.	汤姆当教师约有三十年了
No problem at all!	什么问题都没有
I know what can happen here.	我知道这里会发生什么
She seemed to have been ill.	好像她病了
He is absorbed in the study of linguistics.	他沉迷于语言学的研究
They say this old house is haunted.	据说老房子闹鬼
You should get your hair cut.	你该剪头发了
Would you please tell me a little about Tom?	你能告诉我一点关于汤姆的事吗
He arrived in time.	他准时来了
There was no one in the room.	房间里没有人
I think Tom really likes Mary.	我认为汤姆真心喜欢玛丽
I'm scared of dogs.	我怕狗
The room originally had no furniture.	本来这间房间里没有家具
Someone yelled for help.	有人呼救
I will go to America tomorrow.	我明天会去美国
I usually go to bed before ten.	我通常在十点前上床睡觉
I don't know what Tom got.	我不知道汤姆拿到了甚么
The little boy is afraid of the dark.	这小男孩怕黑
I can't hide my feelings.	我不能掩饰我的心情
Who were you speaking with?	你和谁说话呢
I don't want you to go.	我不想让你走
Is it a recent picture?	那是一张近照吗
You can't keep a secret.	你不能有秘密
You're turning red.	你脸红了
I almost won.	我几乎赢了
Mother Teresa was given the Nobel prize.	特蕾莎修女被授予诺贝尔奖
We have almost finished our work.	我们几乎完成了我们的工作
Elephants are the largest land animals alive today.	大象是如今现存的陆生动物里最大的
"Did he write a letter yesterday?" "Yes, he did."	"	他昨天写了一封信吗
I got something nice for you.	我给你个好东西
The rocket was launched into space.	火箭发射进入太空
We took part in the discussion.	我们参加了讨论
Just a minute, please.	请稍等一下
My joints ache when it gets cold.	当天气变冷的时候
He is a learned man.	他是个有教养的人
She wants to move out and find a place of her own.	她想搬出去
Dinosaurs died out a very long time ago.	恐龙在很久以前灭绝了
Shut the door.	不要把门开着
That's thirty meters long.	那个长
Please send it to me by fax.	请把它传真给我
I no longer love you.	我不再爱你了
Tom is indispensable.	汤姆是必不可少的
He likes to watch baseball games on TV.	他喜欢看电视上的棒球比赛
Quit gambling.	戒掉赌博吧
This is never going to end.	这个永远结束不了
I believe you are honest.	我相信你是诚实的
Turn up the TV.	把电视声音调大点儿
Tom is our starting quarterback.	汤姆是我们的首发四分卫
Nobody understands me.	没人理解我
I have a thorn in my finger.	我的手指头有一根刺
Many parents think it's important for their children to eat before 8:00 p.m.	许多父母认为让自己的子女在下午八点前吃完饭是很重要的
I shouldn't have done it.	我本不应该做的
I seasoned the fish with salt and pepper.	我在鱼上洒盐和胡椒作调味
A lot of houses were washed away by the flood.	许多房屋被洪水冲走了
We can deliver it this evening.	我们今天晚上可以运送它
My mother looks young for her age.	从她的年龄看来
Bright ideas never occur to me.	我总想不出什么好点子
The box is empty.	盒子里面没有东西
You have three minutes to surrender.	限你三分钟内投降
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.	我要告诉你的只能你我知道
Let's get off here.	我们在这里下车吧
Tom lied to Mary.	汤姆对玛丽撒了谎
Tom is hammered.	汤姆醉了
He went away without saying a word.	他没说一句话就离开了
He lost his eyesight in that accident.	他在那次意外中失去了他的视力
Tom turned around and started to run.	汤姆转身开始跑
Do you think Tom is too young?	你觉得汤姆是不是太嫩了
These are called shoes.	这些叫鞋子
We go to the same school.	我们上同一所学校
He's three years older than me.	他比我大三岁
We don't have any secrets.	我们没有秘密
We set a trap to catch a fox.	我们设了个陷阱来抓狐狸
I want to go to a foreign country someday.	将来我要去国外旅游
It isn't that simple.	它没有那么简单
I was a doctor.	我以前是医生
I know that money isn't everything.	我知道金钱不是万能的
Comb your hair before you go out.	在你出门之前
This table is made of wood.	这张桌子是木制的
Everyone is equal before the law.	法律面前人人平等
I didn't believe him at first.	起初我不相信他
She was promoted.	她晋升了
Could you show me that necktie?	你能给我看看这条领带吗
I will sue you.	我要控告你
Tom is in the hospital.	Tom	在医院
My eyesight is beginning to fail.	我的视力正慢慢下降
They're already here.	他们已经在这里了
Answer my questions.	回答我的问题
You can't be a blood donor.	您不能成为献血者
Where's the closest pharmacy?	最近的药房在哪里
We were very sorry that we couldn't help them.	我们很遗憾无法帮助他们
Maybe we should talk.	大概我们需要交谈
I was certain that you'd come.	我确定你会来
We're not as young as Tom.	我们不再像汤姆那样年轻
Tom sure talks a lot.	汤姆一定很能讲
I hear from my mother once in a while.	我时不时得到母亲的消息
I want to go to see a movie.	我要去看电影
We got on the bus there.	我们在那里上了公共汽车
They called him a coward.	他们称他胆小鬼
He catches colds very easily.	他很容易感冒
Have you lost your way?	您迷路了吗
He's afraid of the dog.	他怕那只狗
The police will look into the case.	警察会调查这起案件
While you're young, you should read a lot.	当你年轻的时候
Animals cannot exist without air and water.	动物离不开空气和水
I'll always love you, no matter what happens.	不论发生了什么事
Tom knows how to play mahjong, I think.	我觉得汤姆知道怎么玩麻将
You're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time.	要是你老打游戏的话
I bought two bags of popcorn.	我买了两袋爆米花
I'm sorry.	我很抱歉
We're going to stay in Boston all month.	我们整个月都要待在波士顿
You remind me of a boy I used to know.	你让我想起我过去认识的一个男孩
I'm going to tell you the truth.	我要告诉你真相
I will be with you tonight.	今晚我将与你在一起
I'll just sit here.	我就坐这儿
The flag is up.	旗子升起了
Tom wants to leave.	汤姆想离开
I washed the dishes after supper.	晚饭后我洗了餐具
Tom won't be late, will he?	汤姆不会迟到吧
He sent me some American magazines.	他送给我一些美国杂志
He pretended to be a doctor.	他假装是一名医生
Are you finished with your work?	你完成你的工作了吗
Does he speak English?	他会讲英语吗
Are you aware of how much she loves you?	你知道她有多么爱你吗
I don't like rock music.	我不喜欢摇滚乐
Thanks for returning my call.	感谢您的回电
She disliked him.	她不喜欢他
We just wanted to win.	我们只想赢
Tom doesn't know where Mary lives.	汤姆不知道玛丽住在哪里
When I heard that song, it reminded me of when I was a kid.	我一听到那首歌
How about having dinner together?	一起吃晚餐怎么样
Nobody's laughing.	没人在笑
The crow flew away.	这只乌鸦飞走了
I saw what Tom did.	我见识到了汤姆的作为
He must love you.	他一定很爱你
My stomach hurts.	我肚子疼
I remember meeting you before.	我记得以前见到你
Let me check your ticket.	让我看一下你的票
He was almost hit by a car.	他差点被一辆汽车撞上了
You must not jump to conclusions.	你不可以妄下结论
Your shirt button is coming off.	你衬衣的纽扣快掉了
We're adults.	我们已是成年人了
Tom doesn't enjoy tennis and never has.	汤姆不喜欢网球
In the case of fire, dial 119.	遇到火警时
Is this car your friend's?	这辆车是你朋友的吗
There is a spoon missing.	少了一把勺子
He is beginning to lose his hair.	他开始掉头发了
That meal was simply divine.	那顿饭简直好极了
When is it convenient for you?	你什么时候方便
He set fire to the school building.	他放火烧了校舍
How interesting!	多么有趣啊
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me.	我知道不太可能有人愿意帮助我
The buildings look so tiny.	大楼看上去那么寒酸
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain this afternoon.	从天色上判断
I want him to play the guitar.	我要他弹吉他
I've had just about enough of her.	我真的受够了她
Tom showed interest in the plan.	汤姆对这个计划有兴趣
She waited for you for two hours.	她等了你两个小时
Her older daughter is married.	她的大女儿结婚了
I'm not good at math.	我的数学不好
She asked about my school.	她问了关于我学校的事
What does it cost?	这个几块
He's been teaching for 20 years.	他已经教了
Tom wanted revenge.	汤姆想报仇
You have to sweep the floor.	你必须扫地
Give Tom a hand.	帮汤姆一把
My father has been engaged in foreign trade for many years.	我父亲经营外贸多年
That's my favorite chair.	那是我最喜欢的椅子
We've had this discussion before.	我们以前讨论过
He likes to listen to the radio.	他喜欢听广播
They speak English in New Zealand.	他们在纽西兰讲英语
Tom apologized for what he did.	汤姆为他所做的事道歉
Don't be silly. I can't do it.	别犯傻
Later he wrote to the president.	他后来写信给总统
The butterfly flew away.	蝴蝶飞走了
Don't eat like a pig.	别像猪一样猛吃东西
The message was in French.	这条消息是法语写的
A great number of citizens went into the army.	许多老百姓加入了军队
I don't know anything.	我什么都不知道
What happened today?	今天发生了什么事
I've got to go now.	我现在得走了
I'm leaving next week.	我下个星期离开
The dog followed its master, wagging its tail.	狗摇著尾巴跟著主人
I was nervous, too.	我也紧张
I don't want to go to Tom's birthday party.	我不想去汤姆的聚会
You'll never achieve anything if you don't study harder.	如果你不更加努力地学习
They must have made a mistake.	他们一定是犯错了
You are very brave.	您非常勇敢
She won't be back till five.	她五点钟才会回来
He made the most of his opportunity.	他尽力地利用了这个机会
You made it.	你做到了
Put some salt into the boiling water.	放点盐到滚水里
Do we have anything I can snack on?	我们有任何我可以当零食吃的东西吗
Come if you can.	你能来就来
I can't stay.	我不能留下
When Tom woke up, he found Mary reading a book at the desk.	汤姆醒来的时候看到玛丽在书桌前看一本书
Can I borrow your car?	我能借你的车吗
We often talk about the weather.	我们经常讨论天气
I made sure no one was following me.	我确定没人跟踪我
I heard Tom screaming.	我听到汤姆尖叫
You can stay here till the snow stops.	你可以在这里等到雪停
Who gave you this?	这谁给你的
I believe this was unnecessary.	我相信这是不必要的
I haven't seen him for a long time.	我很久没见过他了
I'm nearly finished.	我差不多完成了
How are you going to get home?	你打算怎么回家
Let's pretend we're aliens.	让我们假装是外星人
I was busy packing, because I was leaving for France in two days.	我当时正忙着打包
The church is in the middle of the village.	教堂在村子的中心位置
Tom's boss was really angry.	汤姆的上司真的非常生气
My favorite sport is baseball.	我最喜欢的运动是棒球
I received a letter written in English yesterday.	昨天
She can never keep a secret.	她永远也做不到保守秘密
I didn't expect to hear back from Tom so soon.	我没想到这么快就收到汤姆的回信
Don't do anything stupid.	请不要做傻事
I go to the library two or three times a week.	我一周去图书馆两
You're barking up the wrong tree.	你白费力气了
They have no idea what's going on.	他们不知道正在发生甚么
This website is very useful.	这个网站很有用
Please give me the menu.	请给我菜单
How many apples do you want?	你要多少个苹果
Would you like some cream in your coffee?	你要在咖啡上加些奶油吗
I didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust me, either.	我不信任汤姆而且汤姆也不信任我
Whose glass is this?	这是谁的杯子
Boys, don't make any noise.	男孩们
Is it you?	是你吗
We want to know.	我们想知道
I want some paper.	我想要一些纸
Tom didn't come after all.	汤姆最终没来
I'm afraid there isn't any coffee left.	恐怕已经没有咖啡了
I think I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.	我认为我现在有足够的钱买我想要的那辆车
Einstein liked to play the violin.	爱因斯坦喜欢拉小提琴
"Where have you been?" "I've been to the barber's."	你去哪儿了
His mother came to pick him up.	他的母亲来接他了
I can read German, but I can't speak it.	我能看德语
When will we go?	我们甚么时候出发
Are you still at the office?	你还在办公室里吗
A little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast.	散散步将会给你很好的食欲吃早餐
Tom robbed a bank.	汤姆抢了家银行
How weird!	真奇怪
A thousand dollars is a large sum.	1000	美元是个大数目
I'll dream about you.	我会梦到你的
Perhaps Tom is too old to do this kind of thing.	也许
He was an excellent scientist, and what is more, was a great poet.	他是一位优秀的科学家
Tom came to Boston three years ago.	汤姆三年前去了波士顿
The big tree was struck by lightning.	这棵大树遭到雷击
Are you new?	你是新来的吗
They went their separate ways.	他们分道而行
Put out the light.	熄灯
Don't do anything like that again.	不要再做那样的事情了
I was a high school student at that time.	我当时是高中生
Could you lend me the book?	你能借我这本书吗
"What would you like to buy?" "I would like to buy a dog."	“	您想买什么
My bicycle has a flat tire.	我的脚踏车轮胎没气了
He kept a diary during the trip.	他旅行期间
She isn't afraid of death.	她不怕死
What's your horse's name?	你的马叫什么名字
How long did it take you to translate this book?	你用了多少时间来翻译这本书
There is an apple on the desk.	书桌上有一个苹果
I belong to the drama club.	我参加戏剧社
He asked her to marry him, and she accepted.	他向她求婚
Horses are stronger than deer.	马比鹿强
The wind blew too hard for them to play in the park.	风刮得太猛
Put the box down.	把箱子放下
Look there.	看那里
Tom said that he was really jealous.	汤姆说他很嫉妒
We had a lot of rain yesterday.	昨天下很多雨
Let's do it another time.	改天再说吧
It's so boring.	真的很无聊
The young man is a doctor.	这个年轻人是医生
Was this wall built to keep people out or to keep them in?	建造这堵墙是为了把人隔在外面还是把他们留在里面
Does he go to school on foot or by bicycle?	他走路去学校还是骑车去学校
I have a bit of bad news.	我有个坏消息
Tom doesn't quite get it. Could you explain it to him again?	汤姆不大明白
I promised Tom that I wouldn't say anything.	我对汤姆发誓我不会说任何话了
When have you ever done anything for me?	你什么时候给我做事
She set out on a trip last week.	她上周去旅行了
Students generally like a teacher who understands their problems.	通常学生们喜欢理解他们问题的老师
We're going downtown.	我们正在去市里
When did you begin to learn English?	您什么时候开始学英语的
How long are you going to stay in Japan?	你会待在日本多久
Thank you very much for lending me $500 when I was having difficulty making ends meet.	谢谢你在我贫困潦倒之时借给我
What time does it open?	什么时候开门
This is not a tiger.	这不是老虎
This flower is the most beautiful of all flowers.	这朵花是所有花中最漂亮的
Do you have any Japanese beer?	您有日本啤酒吗
It is an advantage to be able to use a computer.	会用电脑是一个好处
When I arrived, it was raining.	当我到达时
Wood floats.	木头会漂浮
How did you get Tom to tell you that?	你怎么让汤姆告诉你的
I slept a little during lunch break because I was so tired.	我在午休时间睡了一会儿
I will not do it again.	不会再有下次了
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as Mary.	汤姆可能不知道如何像玛丽一样做得好
It's pretty simple.	它真简单
Tom didn't actually see what happened.	汤姆没有真正看见发生了甚么
I'll be back in a jiffy.	我马上就回来
Tom is the best barber in town.	汤姆是镇里最好的理发师
School begins at 8:30 a.m.	学校
I made him carry the suitcase.	我要他提行李箱
We would like to buy a sofa.	我们想买张沙发
I like potatoes.	我喜欢土豆
Why don't you have some sushi?	为什么不尝尝寿司
Have you seen all these movies?	你把这些电影全看了吗
Tom didn't understand what the teacher said.	汤姆没明白老师说了什么
Translate the underlined part.	翻译划线部分
He pretended not to be listening.	他装作没在听
Please don't ask.	请不要问
I have nothing to do with this matter.	我跟这件事无关
I will get the work done in a week.	我会一周内完成这个工作的
I can't hear you.	我听不到你的声音
Tom did a very good job today.	汤姆今天做得非常好
This piece is in a major key.	这首曲子是大调
I can do it without her help.	没有她的帮忙我也能做
He managed to make both ends meet.	他设法使收支平衡
The deadline is approaching.	期限近了
It's my treat.	我请客
Put the book there.	把书放在那里
Tom has very broad shoulders.	汤姆肩膀很宽
Please come in.	请进来
Call me, please.	请给我打电话
Grab this.	抓住这个
I can't feel it.	我感觉不到它
I just had dinner with some of Tom's friends.	我刚跟汤姆的一些朋友吃了晚饭
Ten to one it'll clear up in an hour or so.	天气八成在一个小时之内就会放晴
She said that she gets up at six every morning.	她说她每天早上六点起床
May I have the check, please?	请把帐单给我好吗
I had her sweep my room.	我让她打扫了我的房间
Is it too salty?	还有多余的盐吗
Does Tom speak French better than Mary?	汤姆说法语比玛丽好吗
If I were rich, I'd go abroad.	如果我有钱了
Tom paid me back the money he owed me.	汤姆把欠我的钱还给我了
There was complete silence.	一片寂静无声
I don't understand what he said.	我不明白他说的话
He's a Japanese boy.	他是个日本少年
She may realize later what I meant.	她可能以后会明白我的意思
Tom was the last one to get in the van.	汤姆是最后一个上面包车的
Are you two ready?	你们两个人都准备好了吗
What nonsense are you talking now?	你胡说什么呢
I don't think he will come.	我不认为他会来
Is the bath clean?	浴室干净吗
She lost her way and on top of that it began to rain.	她迷路了
I'm always thirsty.	我总觉得渴
I was alone.	我茕茕孑立
May I put it down here?	我可以把它放在这儿吗
How was your test?	你的测验怎么样
I think that Tom might not want to do that.	我认为汤姆可能不想那样做
Bring me a glass of water.	给我一杯水
Let me try another one.	让我试试别的
What would you do if you had a million dollars?	你有
When will they arrive?	他们何时抵达
What do you suppose this could be?	你认为这是什么
The store is closed Mondays.	商店周一关门
Do you want to go to the station with me?	要不一起到车站去
I felt a drop of rain on my head.	我感觉有滴雨落在头上
I'd like my coffee after the meal.	我想吃完饭再喝咖啡
People have two legs.	人有两只脚
Tom's name was on the list.	汤姆的名字在名单上
Can I ask a question?	我能问个问题吗
My mother is reading a magazine.	我妈妈正在读一本杂志
These two words are easily confused.	这两个词容易混淆
Two for the lunch buffet, please.	两人份自助午餐
Can you be ready to leave tomorrow?	明天你能准备好离开吗
Do you think I'm stupid?	你认为我傻吗
Could you translate this sentence?	你能翻译这个句子吗
What are you learning?	你在学什么
I can hear you, but I can't see you.	我听得见你
It's healthy to breathe deeply.	深呼吸有益健康
The nearest star to our solar system is Proxima Centauri.	离我们太阳系最近的恒星是比邻星
Your cat scratched me.	你的猫抓伤我了
I'm looking for a native speaker who could help me correct this essay.	我正在寻找可以帮我修改这篇论文的母语人士
Why on earth are you here?	你到底为什么在这里
I can't work for this company anymore.	我没法再在这家公司里面工作了
Brown is not Tom's natural hair color.	棕色不是汤姆天生的发色
The library is on the second floor.	图书馆在二楼
I left my umbrella in the cab.	我把我的伞忘在计程车上了
Have you finished reading that novel?	你读完那本小说了吗
They're armed.	他们有带武器
We took a wrong turn.	我们拐错弯了
Tom knows it's over.	汤姆知道它结束了
Do you know how the accident happened?	你知道这个意外是如何发生的吗
I'll see you later.	等会儿见
The moonlight is beautiful.	月光真美
Will you drive me home?	你会开车送我回家吗
She put on her hat to go out.	她戴上了帽子准备出去
I was very tired last night.	我昨晚很累了
Can you make yourself understood in French?	别人听得懂你说的法语吗
She was satisfied with the new dress.	那条新裙子让她很满意
Today is Thursday.	今天是星期四
You're the master of your own destiny.	你才是自己命运的主人
We're out of stock now.	我们现在缺乏库存
He turned to his friends for help.	他寻求他的朋友的帮助
You're still too young to get a driver's license.	你要拿驾照还太年轻了
Tom has lost his interest in studying French.	汤姆已经失去学习法语的兴趣
The bedrooms are upstairs.	卧室在楼上
It was just a dream.	只是一场梦罢了
How much money do you donate every year?	你每年捐多少钱
This is not okay.	这个不行
I know that Tom is watching me.	我知道汤姆在看着我
I just didn't want to go to work yesterday.	昨天我只是不想去工作
What is the total amount of money you spent?	你一共花了多少钱
She has attractive eyes.	她有一双迷人的眼睛
It's so secret that even I don't know what it's all about.	这太秘密了
What languages are spoken in America?	在美国人们说哪些语言
Help me lift the package.	帮我抬包裹
We bought a comfortable new armchair.	我们买了张舒适的扶手椅
He went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.	他去义大利的目的是学习音乐
What is the matter with your car?	你的车子怎么了
He walked past the house.	他走过这栋房子
Do you feel nauseous?	你是否有恶心呕吐的感觉
They are my brothers.	他们是我的兄弟
I have never fed my dog a banana.	我从没给我的狗喂过香蕉
I'm glad I could help out.	能够出一份力太好了
Tom bought the new album.	汤姆买了新专辑
I like this color, too.	我也喜欢这颜色
I got over the difficulty with my characteristic tenacity.	我凭韧性克服了困难
You can do it, can't you?	你可以做到
Have you tasted the rice?	你尝过米饭了吗
He's not such a great writer and I think he knows it.	他不是那么出色的作家我想他知道这一点
Tom didn't have enough money to pay the rent.	汤姆没有足够的钱付租金
This car is the latest model.	这辆车是最新款
I stayed home all day long reading novels.	我全天在家读小说
Please give me your permanent address.	请给我你的永久地址
I shouldn't have logged off.	我不应该登出
Iceland belonged to Denmark.	冰岛曾属于丹麦
I guess I'm never going to get married.	我想我会一辈子单身
Are you going to sing?	你要唱歌吗
I like rice more than bread.	比起面包
The baby started crying.	宝宝开始哭了
The rain washed away the soil.	土壤被雨水冲走了
Let's pray.	让我们开始祈祷吧
Everyone knows Bell invented the telephone.	任何人都知道贝尔发明了电话
The road is parallel to the river.	这条路与河流平行
The plan is workable.	计划行得通
I didn't meet anyone there.	我在那里没遇见任何人
You have something stuck in your teeth.	牙齿卡了点东西
I made several mistakes in the exam.	在这次考试中我犯了几个错误
She fumbled with a piece of paper.	她摸索著一张纸
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.	他好心地把我送到医院
Please find me my wallet.	请帮我找一下我的钱包
How can I reach you?	我怎么联系你
He has no right to interfere in our family affairs.	他无权干涉我们的家庭事务
They were left speechless.	他们惊得目瞪口呆
What do you say to taking a walk in the park?	去公园散步你觉得怎么样
Is it love?	那是爱吗
I know your brother very well.	我和你哥哥很熟
I don't think that Tom is serious.	我不觉得汤姆是认真的
Mary went on a voyage around the world.	玛丽去环游世界了
Tom apologized again.	汤姆再次致歉
Your behavior leaves much to be desired.	你的行为离要求的太远了
Her dream is to visit Paris.	她的梦想是参观巴黎
Is there anyone who can pronounce this word?	有人可以念这个字吗
Don't blame Tom for what Mary did.	别为玛丽犯的错责备汤姆
What's that building?	那栋建筑是什么呢
I wanted to smack you.	我想过扇你一巴掌
Tom has been struck by lightning three times.	汤姆被闪电击中过三次
They are jealous of our success.	他们嫉妒我们的成功
She pulled him out of the mud.	她把他从烂泥中拽出来了
Do you know your size?	您知道您的尺寸吗
We want to clear up this problem.	我们像澄清这个问题
I wonder if you have something to write with.	我怀疑你是否有东西可写
I'm fine. How about you?	我很好
I didn't know what to do then.	那时我不知道该怎么办
There are many beautiful castles in northern Germany.	在德国北部有很多美丽的城堡
I've got a pacemaker.	我装了个心脏起搏器
I dreamed about you.	我梦到你了
I've lost my pen.	我弄丢了我的笔
I wish you had told me the truth then.	但愿你那时候就告诉我真相
Nobody asked.	没人问过
I have no books to read.	我没书可读
I am learning two foreign languages.	我正在学两门外语
Do you know what's happened?	你知道发生了什么事情吗
Everybody is fine.	每个人都好
I'll show you to the station.	我会告诉你去车站的路
I'm as tall as you.	我跟你一样高
It is difficult to play the piano.	弹钢琴很困难
How do you spell your family name?	你的姓怎么拼
Tom is used to getting up early.	汤姆习惯早起
Tom promised that he'd come, but he didn't.	汤姆答应会来
Prices are going up.	物价上涨了
I have an urgent message from Tom.	我收到汤姆的一条紧急消息
They failed the exam.	他们考试失败了
She was only frightened, not injured.	她只是被吓到了并没有受伤
The Eiffel Tower is in the same city as the Louvre Museum.	埃菲尔铁塔和卢浮宫在同一座城市
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.	他昨天到了东京
It looks like you need help.	看来你需要帮助
He's out taking a walk.	他出去散步
Are you free tomorrow?	你明天有空吗
He's a very romantic boyfriend who brings me flowers each night.	他是个非常浪漫的男友
How much time is left?	还剩多少时间
We got together in the park.	我们在公园里聚在一起
This doghouse was built by Tom.	这狗屋是汤姆建的
She doesn't seem to be an American.	她似乎不是美国人
Who's your favorite actor?	你最喜欢的演员是谁
Many people envy Tom's success.	许多人嫉妒汤姆的成功
I like having breakfast with you.	我喜欢和你一起吃早饭
I don't mind being criticized when I am wrong.	要是我说错话被人议论
He's a student at this college.	他是这所大学的学生
I think it was wrong.	我认为它错了
They will get married next month.	他们将在下个月结婚
He says he won't come.	他说他不会来
I wish you'd slow down.	我希望你慢下来
I suppose you're hungry.	我猜想您饿了
I'll be back at seven o'clock.	我会在七点钟回来
I would rather quit than work under him.	与其让我在他手下干
I don't have any other questions.	我没有别的问题了
The boy is full of promise.	这个男孩很有前途
I don't feel comfortable here.	我在这里感到不舒服
Any comments are welcome.	欢迎作任何评论
Your dog is very fat.	你的狗非常胖
I like red wine better than white.	我喜欢红葡萄酒胜过白葡萄酒
Tom has a good head on his shoulders.	汤姆脑子好使
He has not written to us since last February.	他从去年二月开始就没写信给我们
I'm looking for an old man.	我正在寻找一位老人
Tom knows that you know.	汤姆知道你知道
Tom pretended that he was a doctor.	汤姆假装他是一名医生
The police are investigating the cause of the accident.	警察调查事故的原因
Hope to see you again next year.	希望明年再次见到你
She called out to us for help.	她向我们大声求助
We went to the mountains to ski.	我们去山上滑雪
I'm looking for some regular work.	我在找一些固定工作
Hello, Tom.	你好
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.	幼年时学的东西
Tom wants to know more about Mary's past.	汤姆想要知道更多关于玛丽的过去
I've won first prize!	我赢得了第一名
Can I rest a bit?	我能休息一会儿吗
Can you tell me where the flea market is?	你能告诉我跳蚤市场在哪里吗
Tom picked up the book.	汤姆捡起了书
The ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital.	救护车把伤者送往了最近的医院
That should make you happy.	那该让你高兴
I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter.	我期待听到你在这件事上的想法
Tom probably wanted to go swimming.	汤姆可能想去游泳
This shirt needs to be ironed.	这衬衫需要熨
They adopted the orphan.	他们收养了那个孤儿
We're all at risk.	我们都处于危险之中
It is no use worrying about it.	担心它是没有用的
He denies having broken the window.	他否认打破了窗口
Don't open your book.	不要打开你的书
I'm freezing.	我冻死了
Tom burst into tears.	汤姆泪流满面
Tom took this photo.	汤姆拍了这张照
It's not something anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
We stayed there the whole night.	我们一整晚都待在那里
I'm getting off at the next stop.	我将在下一站下车
I got a good night's sleep.	我睡了个好觉
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.	我期待您的消息
I've not seen him in a long time.	我好久不见他了
I need more butter.	我需要更多黄油
Please turn on the radio.	请打开收音机
Tokyo is a big city.	东京是一个很大的城市
I wasn't busy yesterday.	我昨天不忙
We never gave up.	我们从不放弃
He lives in a world of fantasy.	他住在一个奇幻世界里
His father doesn't play golf.	他父亲不打高尔夫球
May I ask you some more questions?	我可以问你一些问题吗
I'm losing my grip.	我失去了控制
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.	科学上
Tom doesn't eat pork.	汤姆不吃猪肉
What is your greatest source of inspiration?	什么是您最大的灵感来源
I love parties.	我爱派对
The weather promises to clear up.	有望会变晴
You should try to learn a little French.	你应该试试学点法语
My e-mail address has been changed.	我的电子邮箱改变了
What's her job?	她做什么工作
There's no doubt.	毫无疑问
I know very little about Tom.	我对汤姆知道得很少
Hello!	你好
That's so perfect.	那是完美的
He compared the copy with the original.	他比较了复印稿和原件
This is my father's.	这是我父亲的
Tell Tom I need to borrow his car.	告诉汤姆我需要借他的车
I can't tell you now.	我现在不能告诉你
Tom is by far the tallest boy in our class.	汤姆远比我们班其他男孩高
Don't hate me.	不要恨我
I guess it's only a joke.	估计那就是个笑话吧
We have to fix the date for our trip quickly.	我们必须快点定下旅游日期
There is no salt left.	没盐了
Are you and Tom leaving together?	tom	和你一起离开吗
Don't ramble.	不要东拉西扯
I used to eat like a pig.	我曾经像猪一样吃
Tom couldn't get to sleep till after three last night.	汤姆昨晚三点多才睡着
Tom doesn't like doing homework.	汤姆不喜欢做作业
How are you, Tom?	你好吗
I got a hole in my jeans.	我的牛仔裤破了一个洞
I'll only buy the car if they fix the brakes first.	除非他们事先修好刹车
He often quotes from Shakespeare.	他经常引用莎士比亚
Teaching English is his profession.	教英语是他的职业
Let's play basketball after school.	让我们放学后打篮球
I've been lied to by Tom for the last time.	我最后一次被汤姆骗
I thought that he would come.	我以为他会来的
She gave in to the temptation.	她屈服于诱惑了
I have already finished reading this book.	我已经读完了这本书
She looks young, but she's actually over forty.	她看起来是年轻的
Do you have a lot of time to relax?	你有很多休闲时间吗
He was too young to live alone.	他太年轻了无法独自生活
Tom told me he'd lost his textbook.	汤姆告诉我他丢了课本
May I go to the restroom?	我可以去洗手间吗
I don't know.	我一无所知
So you give up, right?	所以你放弃了
The candle went out by itself.	蜡烛自己灭了
Do your gums bleed?	你的牙龈流血吗
We need money.	我们需要钱
He likes taking a walk by himself.	他喜欢独自一人散步
He had a book on physics published.	他有一本关于物理学的书被出版了
My apartment is on the fourth floor.	我的公寓在四楼
A wise man profits from his mistakes.	聪明人会从自己的错误中受益
She might be taller than you.	她可能比你高
They looked as if they would cry.	他们看起来好像要哭了
Is there a hospital near here?	这附近有医院吗
I received a letter from her.	我收到了她的来信
She put clean sheets on the bed.	她把干净的床单铺在床上
My grandfather was a policeman.	我的祖父是警察
The teacher had a bad cold.	老师患了重感冒
I should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it.	我本该在买下这个电动剃须刀之前试一下的
This is an ice cube.	这是冰块
I felt like crying.	我想哭
This is quite good.	这可真好
She can't play the piano very well.	她无法把钢琴弹得很好
I understood everything Tom said.	我明白汤姆所说的一切
Mary treated her wounded knee.	玛丽处理了膝盖的伤口
He's a talented young director.	他是个富有才能的年轻导演
It's my birthday soon.	我的生日就快到了
You should've been more careful.	你应该要更小心的
We discussed the plan yesterday.	昨天我们讨论了这个计划
Here is your dog. Where is mine?	这是你的狗
He drank a lot yesterday.	昨天他喝了很多
I accompanied her on the piano.	我为她作钢琴伴奏
I ate curry last night.	我昨晚吃了咖喱
Whose turn is it?	轮到谁了
The movie theater was filled with people.	这家电影院挤满了人
You'd better go now.	你最好现在就走
That's true as well.	说得也是
I shouldn't have lied to you.	我不该对你说谎
This is the cheapest shop in town.	这是镇上最便宜的商店
The radio didn't mention the incident.	电台没有提到这个事故
Tom was mistaken.	汤姆错了
It's snowing heavily.	雪下得很大
Are you writing a letter?	你在写信吗
It would be great if you could sing.	如果你唱歌的话一定很棒
He's the same age as me.	他和我同岁
Prices went up.	物价上涨
My father is healthy.	父亲很健康
Your plan seems better than mine.	你的计划似乎比我的好
I met a friend of Mary's.	我遇到了玛丽的一位朋友
She can play the piano very well.	她可以把钢琴弹得很好
How do you like it?	你认为如何
He is an expert at fishing.	他是个钓鱼专家
He gave me a cold.	他把感冒传给我了
He wrote a book about the American Civil War.	他写了本关于美国南北战争的书
I once wanted to be an astrophysicist.	我曾经想过当个太空物理学家
The policeman captured the man who was running.	警察抓了正在跑的那个男人
Tom and Mary were alone.	汤姆和玛丽单独在一起
Man is the only animal that talks.	人类是唯一彼此交谈的动物
Do you happen to know his name?	你说不定知道他的名字
Don't forget that Tom is allergic to peanuts.	不要忘记汤姆对花生过敏
She's as busy as Tom.	她和汤姆一样忙
There is a little water left.	还剩一点水
Mary hid the money in her bra.	玛丽把钱藏在了文胸里
We know our rights.	我们知道我们的权利
The soldiers lost the courage to fight.	士兵们失去了战斗的勇气
We should call the police.	我们该报警
I play volleyball a lot.	我常打排球
I like fish.	我喜欢鱼
We try.	我们来试试
Tom misses Boston.	汤姆想念波士顿了
I'm used to working all night.	我习惯整夜工作
Do you have a dictionary?	你有字典吗
It's none of your business.	跟你没半毛钱关系
Do you have a TV?	你有电视吗
Will the price keep going up?	价格还会继续涨吗
He's about the same age as you are.	他跟您年纪差不多
Why did she do that?	为什么她要做这种事情呢
How do you like your eggs done?	您要什么样的蛋
He speaks poor French.	他讲不好法语
The company invested a lot of money in this project.	该公司在这个企划中投入了很多钱
It is not easy to speak English.	说英语不容易
None of the teachers could solve the problem.	这道题目没有一位老师会做
We know that all men are mortal.	我们知道人皆难免一死
I'm fixing the radio which I found on my way home.	我在修理回家路上捡到的收音机
My sister is older than my brother.	我姐姐比我哥哥大
What did you eat for lunch?	你们午饭吃了什么
Tom was hit by a truck and died instantly.	汤姆被卡车撞到而且当场死亡
Yesterday I did not play tennis.	我昨天没有打网球
The report is utterly false.	这份报告完全错误
"She likes music." "So do I."	“	她喜欢音乐
Venus doesn’t have any moons.	金星没有卫星
My grandmother likes traveling by train.	我奶奶喜欢坐火车旅行
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan and China.	1978	年中国和日本签署了和平条约
There is a clock on the wall.	墙壁上挂著一个时钟
You've both been very impressive today. I'm proud of you.	今天你们俩很让人印象深刻
I'll tell Tom you said that.	我会告诉汤姆你说了那话
The storm didn't abate for several hours.	风暴几个小时没有减弱了
Perfect!	完美
I know the girl playing tennis.	我认识这个打网球的女孩
I had difficulty working out the problem.	我很难解决这个问题
He gave us the signal to begin.	他给了我们信号让我们开始
He has no house in which to live.	他没有房子住
I miss you. I need to see you. Could I come over?	我想你
She looks young, but in reality she's over 40.	她看起来是年轻的
She left her umbrella in the train.	她把她的雨伞留在火车上了
You were hurt, weren't you?	你受伤了
I won't be getting married this year.	我今年不结婚
Don't throw out this magazine. I haven't read it yet.	这本杂志不要扔
You shouldn't give in to temptation.	你不应该屈服在诱惑之下
How much is the bus fare?	公车票价多少钱
The cat is adorable.	这只猫很可爱
I'm surprised that you don't know about their marriage.	我很惊讶
Did you have a good time?	你度过愉快的时光了吗
London was bombed several times.	伦敦被轰炸过许多次
She tends to be late for school.	她往往会上学迟到
You must answer these questions.	你必须回答这些问题
He often eats fish for dinner.	他晚饭经常吃鱼
A good many people have told me to take a holiday.	很多人都跟我说要我休假
Tom told me that his father had passed away.	汤姆告诉我他父亲去世了
I had a very good time today.	我今天玩得很开心
When does that start?	什么时候开始
I'm fed up with eating in restaurants.	我受够了在餐馆吃饭
Tom is quite thin, isn't he?	汤姆真瘦
I would do it if I could.	我如果能做
I think you're going to want to sit down.	我觉得你想坐下
I wish I had more money.	我希望我有更多钱
Tom didn't know exactly what it was that Mary wanted him to do.	汤姆不知道玛丽到底让他做什么
Tom also likes to eat fish.	汤姆也喜欢吃鱼
He failed to pass his driving test.	他没有通过他的驾驶考试
I didn't want to listen to Tom singing.	我不想听汤姆唱歌
Tom said he'd think about my suggestion.	汤姆说他会考虑我的问题
Tom has something very important to tell Mary.	汤姆有很重要的事要告诉玛丽
We worked on a farm last summer.	我们去年夏天在一个农场上工作
Tom's car has been stolen.	汤姆的汽车被偷了
Congratulations!	祝贺你
That's terrible.	这太可怕了
I tried to escape.	我试图逃跑
They all envied my new car.	他们都羡慕我的新车
I managed to catch the last train.	我设法赶上了最后一班火车
I'm new here.	我是新来的
He could not answer that question.	他无法回答这个问题
Tom has calmed down.	汤姆冷静下来了
You can stay as long as you like.	你想要待多久就待多久
You need to leave.	你必须离开
The bus will take you to the center of the city.	巴士会把你们带到市中心
This rule does not apply in all cases.	这条规则不是任何情况下都奏效的
Even though Tom is wealthy, he's not happy.	即使汤姆很有钱
Where is the cafeteria?	自助餐厅在哪里
Actions speak louder than words.	行动比语言更响亮
She called me many times.	她打了很多次电话给我
Are you angry?	你生气了吗
It's already time to go home.	已经是时候回去了
The legal system in America is the world's finest.	美国的司法制度是世界上最好的
I love you.	我爱您
Why don't you do it?	你为什么不做
That's where the problem lies.	问题就在这里
We took turns with the driving.	我们轮流驾驶
He had his hair cut short.	他把头发剪短了
I haven't finished breakfast yet.	我还没吃完早饭
She declared that she was not guilty.	她声称自己没罪
Mary dressed up as a witch.	玛丽打扮成一个女巫
What do you think about it?	你认为如何
I haven't yet finished my supper.	我还没吃完晚饭
Tom couldn't see anybody.	汤姆看不到任何人
His mother was a school teacher.	他的母亲是一名学校老师
How can you afford a place like this?	我们怎么付得起这种地方的钱
Would you like me to explain it?	你要我解释一下吗
It's not polite to point at others.	用手指别人是不礼貌的
That's your responsibility.	这是您的义务
This is my house.	这个房子是我的
I'm still your friend.	我还是你的朋友
The price of gas is rising.	天然气的价格上升
Tom is a bus driver.	汤姆是个公交车司机
Do you know how to play the organ?	你能演奏管风琴吗
Look at what's happening outside.	看外面正在发生什么
I'm not always free on Sundays.	我星期日并不总是有空
She took care of my dog.	她照顾了我的狗
Please keep it a secret.	请保密
Everyone knows that I don't like Tom.	每个人都知道我不喜欢汤姆
It is the things that we do not possess which seem to us most desirable.	得不到的东西就最想得到
I don't go to school by bus.	我不乘公交去学校
We had a nice time last night.	我们昨晚过得很开心
I'd like to exchange this shirt I bought yesterday.	我想去换我昨天买的这件衬衫
I am convinced that things will change for the better.	我深信事情会往更好的方向转变
Tom tricked Mary into doing his work for him.	汤姆哄玛丽做他的作业
This is an old building.	这是幢老楼
Tom must've been displeased.	汤姆一定很不高兴
I expect her back by six o'clock.	我希望她六点前回来
Do you really believe in ghosts?	你真的相信鬼吗
If you do not have this program, you can download it now.	假如你没有这个程序
I went to the airport by taxi.	我搭计程车去的机场
Is there a souvenir shop in the hotel?	旅馆里面有纪念品商店吗
There is one apple on the desk.	书桌上有一个苹果
New York is on the Hudson River.	纽约位在哈得逊河
I heard someone come in.	我听到有人进来了
Tom has always been a bachelor.	汤姆一直都是单身汉
I beg your pardon?	不好意思
I'm young.	我还年轻
It's up to you whether to buy it or not.	买不买由你决定
I believe that story.	我相信那个故事
I can't hear very well.	我听不太清楚
We'll begin tomorrow morning.	我们明天上午开始
Take your hats off.	把你们的帽子摘下来
How about another cup of coffee?	要不要再来一杯咖啡
The taxi I took was very old and small.	我打的这辆出租车很老
Smoking is not allowed here.	这里不允许抽烟
I even made Tom laugh.	我甚至让汤姆笑了
Which is larger, Japan or England?	日本和英格兰哪个大
We're both reasonable people.	我们是两个通情达理的人
He has a basket full of strawberries.	他有个装满草莓的篮子
Go away before they see you here.	在他们看见你之前离开这儿
He neglected his duties.	他怠忽职守了
He has ambition, so he works hard.	他有抱负
I hate terrorist organizations.	我痛恨恐怖主义组织
There are many stores in this area.	这个区域有很多商店
I am coming.	我来了
Thanks for adding me as a friend.	谢谢你把我加为好友
Are you afraid of insects?	你怕虫子吗
As far as I know, there is nothing wrong with his plan.	据我所知
I'm a university student.	我是个大学生
Why is change so hard?	为什么改变那么难
I have hiccups.	我打嗝了
Basho was the greatest poet.	Basho	是最伟大的诗人
Were they serious?	他们是认真的吗
I think that it's unlikely Tom will get elected.	我觉得汤姆不太可能会当选
Tom is very courageous, isn't he?	汤姆非常勇敢
Paper burns easily.	纸容易着火
He admonished them for being noisy.	他告诫他们不要吵闹
The accident took place at that corner.	事故发生在转角
Has Tom come back already?	汤姆已经回来了吗
Can Tom come tomorrow?	汤姆明天能来吗
This ticket is valid for three days.	这张票的有效期是三天
You may not come in.	你不能进来
I want to get rid of it.	我想摆脱它
The beach is an ideal place for children to play.	海滩是一个供孩子们玩乐的理想场所
There's no doubt about it.	关于此事毫无疑问
English is a means of communication.	英语是一种沟通的手段
I've seen it.	我见过
He's writing a long letter.	他写长信
Shut up!	闭嘴
My aunt gave me an album.	我姑姑给了我一本相簿
He grew up to be a doctor.	他长大后成为了一名医生
It rarely snows here in the winter.	这里的冬天很少下雪
We use a lot of water every day.	我们每天用很多的水
That place's food is delicious and their prices are low. However, their location isn't good.	那家馆子物美价廉
It sounds like they're not going to leave.	听着好像他们不打算走
He went to London, where he stayed for a week.	他去了伦敦
By the way, have you seen him lately?	顺便说一句
I'm going out for a while.	我出去一会儿
I'm not likely to kiss Tom.	我不可能亲汤姆
She left home ten minutes ago.	她十分钟前离家
I don't know his address.	我不知道他的地址
How long have you been working here?	从什么时候开始您就这里工作着的呢
She greeted us with a smile.	她面带微笑向我们打招呼
I have no problem with my boss.	我和老板没有问题
It rained hard yesterday morning.	昨天上午下大雨
Neither Tom nor Mary will do that.	汤姆和玛丽都不会做那件事
She helped him overcome his sadness.	她帮助他平抚了他的悲伤
These shoes don't fit my feet.	这鞋不合我的脚
I don't dare tell him such a thing.	我不敢对他说这种话
Do you go to church?	你去教堂吗
We waited in the park for a long time.	我们在公园等了好久
Tom stood up from his chair.	汤姆从椅子上站了起来
He knocked on the closed door.	他敲了敲紧闭的门
The magazine is issued twice a month.	这份杂志每个月出刊两次
How long are you planning to stay?	你准备待多久
I have no idea.	我一无所知
Close the door.	关门
The phone rang.	电话正在响
Is this your book?	这是你的书吗
I've always wanted to be a professional basketball player.	我一直想成为一名职业篮球运动员
This book is full of mistakes.	这本书充满了错误
I poured water into the bucket.	我把水倒入了桶子里
I found the key underneath the mat.	我在擦鞋垫下面发现了这把钥匙
How about going to the movies?	去看电影怎样
Tom wrote a letter to Mary this morning.	Tom	今天早上写了封信给
My father can fly an airplane.	我的父亲会驾驶飞机
Tom had never seen Mary so busy.	汤姆从没见过玛丽这么忙
Let's walk.	我们走走吧
The thief got away with the money.	小偷带著钱逃跑了
That was years ago.	那是好几年前
I'm your sister.	我是你的妹妹
We're in a hurry.	我们很急
He left his son a large fortune.	他留给了他的儿子一大笔财富
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."	"	山洞里发生了什么事
I'm blessed with good health.	上帝赐予我健康的身体
I have to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.	我该去买东西了
Let me work in peace.	让我安心工作
Where was this picture taken?	这张照片在哪儿照的
Many of the workers died of hunger.	许多工人死于饥饿
I think that they're a lot of fun.	我觉得他们很有意思
Wait. Come back.	等等
We played basketball in the gym.	我们在体育馆打篮球
The police will put you in prison.	警方将把你关在监狱里
Break it up!	停手
Karaoke is good for reducing stress.	卡拉
Wait just a moment.	就等一会儿
I'm afraid of dogs.	我怕狗
The car is waiting at the gate.	车在门口等著
Please have a seat.	请坐一下
His brother studies very hard.	他的哥哥很用功读书
She did not turn up.	她没有出现
The recent coffee shortage brought about many problems.	最近的咖啡短缺带来了许多问题
How many pieces of baggage do you have?	请问您有多少件行李
The opening ceremony of the Olympics has already begun.	奥运会已经开幕了
This isn't money.	这不是钱
Please speak as slowly as possible.	请尽量慢点说
I believe Tom is right.	我相信汤姆是对的
That wasn't my intent.	那不是我的本意
Tom plays chess very well.	汤姆下棋下得很好
His new novel is worth reading.	他的新小说值得一读
I didn't want to get up early.	我不想很早起床
He often drives his father's car.	他经常驾驶他的父亲的车
He gave me a nice Christmas present.	他给了我一个很棒的圣诞礼物
Our teacher comes to school by car.	我们老师开车来学校
You've grown so much!	你长这么大了
I belong to a tennis club.	我是网球俱乐部的会员
The dog is blind in one eye.	这只狗的一只眼睛瞎了
My father takes a walk every day.	我父亲每天散步
I have no idea what I'm going to wear.	我不知道穿甚么好
I'm always busy with my homework.	我总是忙于功课
I'll pick you up at your home.	我会去你家接你
Tom had numerous girlfriends.	Tom	有很多女友
I have a stomachache.	我胃痛
She took a taxi to the hospital.	她搭计程车去医院了
You've overdone it.	你太过分了
I turned the doorknob.	我转动了门把
I lost my father to a subarachnoid haemorrhage when I was fourteen.	我十四岁的时候
Tom is a professional magician.	汤姆是个专业的魔术师
The warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness.	战士知道自己的力量和弱点
It happened at a quarter past eleven.	它发生在十一点一刻
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.	聚会上我和他谈得很愉快
She may be proud of her daughter.	她可以为她的女儿感到骄傲
Winter is over and spring has come.	冬天结束了春天已经来了
There isn't much traffic on this road.	这条路上的车辆不多
Buy milk on your way home.	回来的路上买点牛奶
Why do that now?	为什么现在做那个
You're not satisfied, are you?	你并不满意
Tom broke some bones in his arm and hand.	汤姆的手臂和手断了些骨头
I didn't sell Tom my car.	我没把我的车卖给汤姆
Now it is official.	现在它是官方的了
It is easy to read this book.	这本书很容易读
Tom wouldn't like it.	汤姆不会喜欢它
In my opinion, she is correct.	在我看来
Thanks to a cold summer, beer has sold poorly.	多亏了冷夏
All the boys in class worked hard.	课堂上所有的男生都很用功
She teaches us French.	她教我们法语
I like to listen to the radio.	我喜欢听收音机
This is a crucial point.	这是一个关键点
I started learning Chinese last week.	我上周开始学中文了
Let's start!	让我们开始吧
Please keep in touch.	请保持联系
We're traveling on a tight budget.	我们用少的预算旅行
I grew up in this small town.	我在这个小镇上长大的
Summer is always hot and humid.	夏天总是闷热而又潮湿
I owe Tom some money.	我欠汤姆钱
It's too noisy in here.	这儿太吵了
Can you hold on a second?	你能等一下吗
He reluctantly agreed to my proposal.	他不情愿地同意了我的提案
Tom is the coolest person in the world.	汤姆是世界上最酷的人
Let's get divorced.	我们离婚吧
I've got a frog in my throat.	我的喉咙里有一只青蛙
I will obey.	我会听从指示
What did you hear?	您听到什么了
I wish you luck.	我祝您好运
He is not a doctor but a teacher.	他不是医生
How did you know all that?	你怎么全都知道
Don't make me wait.	别让我等著
Why didn't you call me yesterday evening?	怎么你昨晚没有给我打电话
I play in a band.	我在一个乐团里演奏
There's a secret passage on the left.	在左边有一条秘密通道
You may as well come with me.	你不如跟我一起来
The wheel doesn't turn.	轮子不转
We're very skeptical.	我们非常怀疑
That nurse is very kind and polite.	那个护士人很好
I just wanted to check my email.	我只想查一下我的电子邮件
Stay right here and relax.	待在这里
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想不及格
You don't look so hot.	你看上去不太好
The tip of the spear was dipped in a deadly poison.	矛尖浸在一种致命的毒药里
Tom's bleeding.	汤姆在流血
There was scarcely any money left.	几乎没剩下钱
I have to take the test again.	我必须再考一次试
I can come at three.	我三点钟可以来
We happened to be on the same train.	我们偶然乘上了同一辆列车
A wooden building can easily catch fire.	木质房屋很容易着火
You'd better take this.	你最好带上这个
She is my daughter.	她是我女儿
You have a good sense of humor.	你很有幽默感
Where is the mailbox?	邮箱在哪里
To live without air is impossible.	没有空气生活是不可能的
Nobody knows where he has gone.	没有人知道他去了哪里
I don't take any responsibility at all.	我完全不负任何责任
Tom has short hair.	汤姆
Is there someone that can drive?	有人会开车吗
There's no one in the room.	没有人在房间里
Do you want to know why I lied to Tom?	你想知道为什么我对
It will cost around 10,000 yen.	这将花费约
Are you lost?	你迷路了吗
She has put on weight recently.	她最近增加了体重
All the guests were touched by her hospitality.	所有的客人都被她的好客感动了
I'm extremely tired.	困死了
We want to be on the first bus tomorrow morning.	我们想乘明天早上第一班公交车
I have a lot of homework.	我有很多功课
Tom wanted to become a veterinarian.	那时汤姆相当一个兽医
Get rid of her.	把她干掉了
I can eat anything but onions.	除了洋葱我什么都可以吃
Do I sound in love?	听起来像是我恋爱了吗
"What's in that box?" "Nothing."	“	盒子里有什么
Tom wrung out the towel and hung it up to dry.	汤姆拧干毛巾挂起来晾干
I ache all over.	我全身酸痛
Come down here!	你给我下来
Can Tom buy that for us?	汤姆能给我们买吗
All of us like you very much.	我们都非常喜欢你
I agree with you to some extent.	我在一定程度上同意你的意见
Tom knows him.	汤姆认识他
UN stands for the United Nations.	UN	代表联合国
I can't breathe through my nose.	我的鼻子没办法呼吸了
I can speak English.	我会讲英语
He goes to school to study every day.	他每天去学校学习
I have a high fever.	我烧得很厉害
I was always good at English.	我一直都擅长英文
Tom and Mary hugged each other.	汤姆和玛丽互相拥抱
Let me go to the store.	让我去商店吧
Please wash my back.	请帮我洗背
Tom said that Mary was asleep.	汤姆说玛丽在睡觉
There's a large supermarket.	有一个大型超市
The weather turned better.	天气转好了
No one is listening to Tom.	没人听汤姆说话
The dress suits you very well.	这条裙子很适合你
Some people clung to tree branches for several hours to avoid being washed away by the floodwaters.	为了不被洪水冲走
I was struck by lightning.	我被雷劈了
He had decided on a new policy.	他已经决定了新的政策
Bring me something to eat.	给我东西吃
Tom likes asparagus, but his brother doesn't.	汤姆爱吃芦笋
I'm calling from a cell phone.	我正在用手机打电话
What's it made from?	这是什么做的
Tom left a note for Mary on her desk.	汤姆给玛丽在她桌上留了便条
Mary is pregnant with twins.	玛丽怀了双胞胎
People are counting on us.	人们正在依赖着我们
It's gotten better.	它会好转的
How long is this visa good for?	这个签证的有效期限是多久
Tom has a high-pitched voice.	汤姆声音尖
It's easy to make friends, but hard to get rid of them.	交朋友很容易
She went to Italy to study music.	她去了意大利学习音乐
Don't let that happen again.	不要再让这种事发生了
He lived in Matsue for seven years.	他住在松江七年了
It's impossible to get there by noon.	中午到达那里是不可能的
He dropped in on me last night.	昨晚他来找过我
Can I drive the tractor?	我能开拖拉机吗
Tom wants to sleep on it.	汤姆想在它上面睡觉
Yesterday was the last day of school.	昨天是最后一天上学
It's important to follow a strict diet.	重要的是要遵循严格的饮食控制
What I have in my hand is a fossil seashell.	在我手里的是一个贝壳化石
Do you think Tom is already retired?	你认为汤姆退休了吗
This is her house.	这是她的房子
Can you prove it?	你能证明吗
Pick up the pencil from the floor.	从地上捡起这支铅笔
I don't go to school.	我不去学校
He is very fond of music.	他非常喜欢音乐
Where can I take a bath?	我能在哪里洗澡
The green team lost.	绿队被打败了
"How old are you?" "I'm 16 years old."	「	你几岁
You have no right to interfere in other people's affairs.	你没有干涉他人事务的权力
Interest rates are still low.	利率还是低
My grandfather died when I was a boy.	当我是个小男孩的时候
You should keep your promise.	你应该信守诺言
They live in peace.	他们过着和平的生活
I have a pair of red shoes.	我有一双红鞋子
We've got to go.	我们必须走了
I got slapped on both cheeks.	我两个脸颊都被打了
Where do you want to go tomorrow?	你明天想去那里
Could you teach me how to play the piano?	您能教我弹钢琴吗
Do you know where he lives?	你知道他住在哪里吗
The whole country was covered in snow.	整个国家被大雪覆盖了
This book costs 20 dollars.	这本书二十美元
Tom says that he's a creature of habit.	汤姆说他是习惯的产物
Aren't you coming to pick me up tomorrow morning?	你明天早上不来接我吗
Do you want a drink?	你想喝点什么吗
You need to get ready.	你需要做好准备
Opinion is divided on this point.	在这一点上意见不一
Tom is not easily satisfied.	Tom	不容易被满足
I don't want to hear your theories.	我不想听你的理论
I spent the whole day in reading the novel.	我一整天都在看这本小说
He is entitled to receive the reward.	他有权得到奖励
I was born in this hospital.	我在这家医院出生
He's such a sweetheart.	他真是甜心
The boy entered by the back door.	那个男生从后门进来了
He knows better than to marry her.	他不会傻到去娶她
I need to exercise more often.	我需要更经常地锻炼
Talking in the library is not allowed.	不准在图书馆里谈话
I work long hours.	我工作数小时
You were considerate not to disturb us.	你考虑周到
You're an optimist.	你是个乐观主义者
Who will you vote for for president?	你选谁当总统
How much do I owe you?	我欠您多少
I want to stay.	我想要留下
You look very nice.	你看上去很好
I wasn't busy last week.	我上周不忙
That was really unfair.	那真不公平
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is happy or not.	汤姆不知道玛丽是高兴呢
I've already finished reading this book.	我已经读完了这本书
I'm very sorry I came home so late.	我很抱歉那么晚回家
I explained the process to him.	我向他解释了这个过程
He decided to become a pilot.	他决定成为一名飞行员
He absconded with the money.	他携款潜逃
Tom is a fat man.	汤姆是个胖子
This desk is better than that one.	这张书桌比那张好
Tell me what happened.	告诉我发生了什么事
Hang that picture on the wall.	把那幅画挂到墙上
One of my brothers is a teacher and the others are lawyers.	我的一个兄弟是老师
He dropped in at the bookstore.	他顺道去了这家书店
She made him a new suit.	她为他做了一套新衣服
She intended to become an actress.	她打算成为一名演员
Dad gave me a book, and my little brother gave me a pen.	爸爸给了我一本书
I paid two thousand yen for the book.	我用两千日元买了这本书
Mary is studying in her room.	玛丽在她的房间里读书
People grow more cynical with age.	人会随著年龄的增长而更加地玩世不恭
They tied the thief to the tree.	他们把小偷绑到了树上
My shirt isn't dry yet.	我的衬衫还没干
Tom blew out all the candles on the cake.	汤姆吹灭了蛋糕上的所有蜡烛
Tom started as a janitor, but he's now the president of the company.	汤姆最初是看门人
You'd better do as the doctor advised you.	你最好照着医生的建议做
Tell me when to start.	告诉我什么时候开始
I hope he'll wait for me.	我希望他会等我
She can't write or read.	她不会读书写字
He studied hard.	他努力学习
Tom could have dealt with the problem in a better way.	汤姆本可以用更好的方式处理问题
I love nature.	我爱大自然
That's Tom's mother.	那是汤姆的妈妈
When I was a child, I spent most of my time indoors reading.	当我是个孩子的时候
It has nothing to do with you.	跟你没有关系
Are they students?	他们是学生吗
Do you get it?	懂么
I understand it more or less.	我大概懂了
I was calm until I saw the syringe.	看到针管儿之前我一直都很淡定
It just started to rain.	刚开始下雨
Ask Tom to help you.	让汤姆帮你
We will go on a picnic tomorrow.	我们明天要去野餐
Eat a live frog every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.	每天早上吃一只活青蛙
Tom didn't give an explanation.	汤姆没做解释
We found that everyone was asleep.	我们发现每个人都睡著了
He was the first person to arrive.	他是第一个到达的人
Are you still winning?	你还在赢吗
I thought you were my friend.	我以为你是我的朋友
Didn't I tell you so?	我不是告诉过你了吗
What do you have in your bag?	你的袋子里有什么
In which folder did you save the file?	你把文件存到哪个文件夹了
She gets up at seven.	她早上
He did not have enough money.	他没有足够的钱
I think I understood everything Tom said, but I'm not absolutely sure.	我认为我听懂了汤姆说的所有话
He is not stupid.	他不是傻子
He was very busy all day.	他忙了一整天
The teacher let the boy go home.	老师让这个男孩回家
Money makes the world go round.	金钱万能
Who are my real parents?	谁才是我真正的父母
Tom wants to tell you something.	汤姆想告诉你一些事情
Is ten thousand yen enough?	一万日元够吗
Tom left early this morning, so he should be in Boston by now.	汤姆今天早上走得很早
Could you please pull the weeds and water the flowers?	你可不可以帮忙除草浇花
His intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble.	他的智慧和经验使他能处理这个麻烦
That's a good plan.	那是一个很好的计划
Who died?	谁死了
Tom died three months ago.	汤姆三个月前死了
He is as smart as any other boy in the class.	他和班上其他男生一样聪明
There's something weird happening.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
It isn't as easy to do that as people think.	这并不像一般人觉得的那么容易
Are you for or against his idea?	您赞成还是反对他的想法
Not everyone noticed.	不是每个人都意识到这点
His childlike laugh is charming.	他孩子般的笑很迷人
Can you see?	你能看吗
We're not ready to leave.	我们还没有准备好离开
Her father passed away last week.	她的父亲上周去世了
Why aren't you married yet?	你为啥还不结婚
Nobody was there.	谁也不在那里
You must return the book to him.	这本书你该还给他
I often have bad dreams.	我经常做噩梦
"Do you speak German?" "No, I don't."	"	你说德语吗
Don't be cruel to animals.	不要虐待动物
They attacked the enemy.	他们袭击敌人
I'm not feeling well.	我身体不适
It seems we are in the same boat.	看起来我们是在一条船上
She's not a full-time employee of this company.	她不是这间公司正式的职员
If for some reason I'm late, please don't wait for me.	万一我来晚的话
She thought that I was a doctor.	她以为我是大夫
I'll never speak to you again.	我再也不会跟你说话了
I guess I haven't made myself clear.	我想我没有把话说清楚
That's my money.	那是我的钱
Tell me the truth.	告诉我真相
Tom is very much alone.	汤姆非常孤单
I'm going to school.	我去学校了
Where did you get your camera repaired?	你在哪儿修的照相机
Stop fooling around.	不要随便开玩笑
How high can you jump?	你能跳多高
Tom is wearing gloves.	汤姆戴着手套
Tom thinks I'm too young.	汤姆认为我太年轻
It isn't raining.	不在下雨
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed home.	昨天太冷了
I know that you still miss me.	我知道你还是想我的
The men are wearing short sleeves.	男人们穿著短袖上衣
Tom didn't want to disappoint Mary.	汤姆不想让玛丽失望
We left the final decision to him.	我们让他做最后的决定
They both cried after hearing the tragic news.	听到这件悲剧
I'm pretty busy.	我挺忙
Are you nervous?	你紧张吗
Don't forget who you are.	别忘了你是谁
Are you saying my life is in danger?	你在说我有生命危险吗
Cows give milk.	牛可产奶
Tom is the manager of a small restaurant.	汤姆是一家小餐馆的经理
This is a very interesting book.	这是一本非常有趣的书
Everybody is equal before the law.	法律面前人人平等
Mary is a wonderful woman.	玛丽是个了不起的女人
I think it will be hot today.	我觉得今天会很热
Tom is wearing the same clothes that he wore yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
Many boys and girls were present.	许多男生和女生都出席了
Do you have a cellphone?	你有手机吗
He fixed the net.	他修好了网
Tom knows my number.	Tom	知道我的号码
I stayed at his place yesterday.	我昨天住在他家
She is aged seventeen.	她十七岁了
I want Tom to do it.	我要让汤姆去做
They flunked their exams.	他们考试不及格
It's business.	公事公办
Tom never forgets to give his wife flowers on their wedding anniversary.	汤姆从没忘记在婚礼周年纪念日送给他妻子花
The old man got off the bus.	这位老人下了公车
I'm not one hundred percent convinced of that.	我不是百分之百确定
Help me.	帮我一下
Who is to blame?	是谁的错呢
France is to the south of England.	法国在英国的南边
Have you ever been to Kobe?	你去过神户吗
After supper, I washed the dishes.	晚饭后我洗了碗碟
He has dozens of books about Japan.	他有几十本关于日本的书
You look tired.	你看起来很困了
Respect for law is fundamental to our society.	尊重法律是我们社会的基础
What else can this do?	这还有什么能做的
I like tennis very much.	我非常喜欢网球
Don't leave the water running.	不要让水一直流
He died yesterday.	他昨天去世了
He abused our trust.	他背叛了我们的信赖
I went to bed at twelve last night.	我昨晚十二点去睡的
Let's go to the hospital now.	我们现在就去医院吧
I like spring better than fall.	我喜欢春天胜过秋天
She has very nice-looking handwriting.	她的笔迹很美
He has been sick since last Sunday.	他从上周日开始就生病了
I bought a camera the other day.	我前几天买了一台照相机
I haven't seen you around here before.	我以前在这里没见过你
His opinions aren't worth listening to.	他的意见不值得听
Doing the laundry is my job.	洗衣服是我的工作
I think to clearly distinguish opinion from fact is important.	我认为辨别清楚意见和事实很重要
We are sorry we are unable to accept your request.	很抱歉
Please turn down the music.	请把音乐声调小
Swimming is easy.	游泳很容易
The policeman grabbed the boy's arm.	警察抓住了那个男孩的手臂
How do you pronounce your last name?	你的姓怎么读
I hear they're pretty good.	我听说他们挺好
I'm leaving for Canada tomorrow.	我明天要离开去加拿大
God helps those who help themselves.	上天会帮助自力更生的人
Would you like something to eat?	你想吃点东西吗
The couple had a son.	这对夫妇生了个儿子
I want to be a doctor.	我想当医生
I'm working in Boston now.	我现在在波士顿工作
Are you afraid of being fired?	你害怕被解雇吗
I don't want to get out of bed today.	我今天不想起床
He's watching the Olympics.	他在看奥运会
Even though he has a lot of money, he's not happy.	虽然他很有钱
The boat is going against the current.	船逆流航行
I was late for school this morning.	我今天早上上学迟到
She showed her album to me.	她给我看她的相簿
My album is here.	我的相簿在这里
They skip school all the time.	他们总是逃学
They got to the hotel after dark.	天暗后他们到了酒店
I am watering the flowers.	我在浇花
This is Greek to me.	我对此一窍不通
You've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.	你已经辛苦地工作好几个月了
You should have worked harder.	你应该要更努力的
His job is driving a sight-seeing bus.	他的工作是驾驶观光巴士
What he said was over my head.	这人讲的我完全听不懂
Can you jump rope?	你能跳绳吗
Which team are you a fan of?	你是哪一队的迷
Blood was everywhere.	到处都是血
Do you want some more tea?	您想再来点茶吗
My passport was stolen.	我护照被偷了
The poor young man finally became a great artist.	这个穷小子最后成为了一个了不起的艺术家
I succeeded in getting what I wanted.	我赢得了我想要的
Can you play the organ?	你能演奏管风琴吗
I began playing golf years ago.	几年前我开始打高尔夫球
I don't go to school on Sundays.	我周日不去学校
She gave us a present.	她给了我们一个礼物
These scissors don't cut well.	这把剪刀不好使
Dog is man's best friend.	狗是人类最好的朋友
Tom is bleeding.	汤姆在流血
He is used to making speeches.	他习惯于作演说
Cut the chit-chat and get to work.	别闲聊了
He fooled her.	他欺骗了她
Sorry to have kept you waiting.	对不起让你一直等
Please take off your shoes.	请脱掉你的鞋子
I like English best of all subjects.	所有学科中
Tom added broccoli to the stew.	汤姆往炖菜里加了西兰花
When will you leave?	你什么时候离开
It's boring to stay at home.	呆在家里很无聊
I intend to study abroad next year.	我打算明年出国留学
French is my mother tongue.	法语是我的母语
He objected to our plan.	他反对我们的计划
Where have you been?	你一直在哪里
I liked Tom's first book more than the second.	相比第二本
Fur coats are on sale.	毛皮大衣在打折
We'll be sure to look into it.	我们一定会调查它
I got some sand in my eye.	我的眼睛进了些沙
Is something wrong?	有什么不对吗
He is making preparations for a trip.	他正在筹备一次旅行
I'd like to send these to Japan.	我想将这些寄送到日本
I was almost hit by a car.	我几乎被车撞到了
The criminal has not been caught yet.	那个犯人还没被抓到
Mary is Tom's secretary.	玛丽是汤姆的秘书
Tom asked for food.	汤姆要食物
We know that this is impossible.	我们知道这是不可能的
This is a stupid design.	这份设计很蠢
He likes both music and sports.	他喜欢音乐和运动
We looked out the window, but we didn't see anything.	我们看了窗外
We ate curry rice last night.	我们昨晚吃了咖哩饭
I am hers and she is mine.	我是她的
I'd like to attend the party.	我想要出席派对
Tom had a hunch that Mary was seeing someone else.	汤姆预感到玛丽在见别人
I think this book is worth reading.	我觉得这本书值得一读
I got bored with his long talk.	我厌烦了他的长篇大论
There's no point in trying again.	再试也无济于事了
Can I borrow your knife?	能借给我你的刀吗
No one is working. Everyone's watching the World Cup.	谁也不工作
The river's water level has risen.	河的水位上升了
Tom gave Mary a nice present.	汤姆给了玛丽一个不错的礼物
When will you come back to school?	你何时会回学校
Playing cards is very interesting.	打牌很有意思
It's about time to start.	差不多该开始了
I had a slight headache, so I went to bed early.	因为我有点头疼
That's what Tom requested.	那就是汤姆想要的
What is better than friendship?	还有什么比友情更好呢
He likes playing soccer.	他喜欢踢足球
You shouldn't have eaten so much ice cream.	你不应该吃这么多冰淇淋
I've missed so much.	我错过了太多
You should be able to manage it.	你应该能解决
My father grows rice.	我爸种水稻
What are you saying?	你在说什么呢
He did it himself.	是他自己做的
I know him, but I don't know his name.	我认识他但是我不知道他的名字
Feel free to ask any questions.	随时问任何问题都可以
Tom said that Mary should do that now.	汤姆说玛丽应该现在行动
They say that he is very rich.	据说他很富有
This is what I want.	这就是我想要的
Do you know how far it is from the station to city hall?	你知道从火车站到市政府有多远
I don't sleep in a bed.	我不在床上睡觉
Could I have a cup of coffee?	劳驾
I want the same jacket as you're wearing.	我也想要和你身上那件同样的外套
My job is to wash dishes.	我的工作是洗碗
You made a wise choice.	你做了一个明智的选择
You're quite right.	你是对的
I'm almost never home.	我几乎不回家
I had sore legs the next day.	第二天我的腿很酸
Did he look like a doctor?	他看起来像个医生吗
A stranger is just a friend that you haven't met yet.	所谓陌生人
Dinosaurs became extinct a very long time ago.	恐龙在很久以前灭绝了
A face with too much make up looks strange.	化妆太浓的话脸会看着很奇怪
I spent last Sunday reading a novel.	我上周日花时间看了一本小说
Industry was growing quickly.	工业发展迅速
He can swim very fast.	他能游得很快
Where is the exit?	哪里出去
We had a good time playing chess.	我们下棋玩得很开心
I don't go to school on Sunday.	我周日不去学校
I don't like that guy.	我不喜欢那家伙
He made a journey around the world.	他环游世界旅行
Get in touch with your agent right away.	立刻联络你的经纪人
The telephone was invented by Bell.	电话是由贝尔发明的
The library is in the center of the city.	图书馆位于城市中心
He's a liar.	他是个骗子
The crane, unlike the dog, has never dreamed of flying.	不像狗
Are you done?	你做好了吗
I have been to Rome.	我去过罗马
I must do that carefully.	我必须仔细做
What are my responsibilities?	我的责任是什么
I suppose I'd better phone Tom.	我想我给汤姆打电话比较好
How old do you think Tom is?	你觉得汤姆有多大
Is Tom drunk?	汤姆喝醉了吗
Tell us more.	告诉我们多一点
I forgot to ask him.	我忘了问他
She must have been sick.	她一定是生病了
Go back to the office.	回办公室去
His house was small and old.	他的房子又小又旧
Do you have this in a bigger size?	你有比这个再大一点的尺寸吗
I tried to change her mind, but I couldn't.	我试著改变她的心意
We were born to die.	我们是为了死亡而诞生的
The typhoon struck the Kanto district.	台风袭击了关东地区
This coffee is too strong for me.	这个咖啡对我来说太浓了
I like strawberry ice cream.	我喜欢草莓味的冰淇淋
It must be done more carefully.	应该更谨慎地处理它
You'd better go.	你最好走
It's on the sofa.	它在沙发上
Repairs will cost a lot of money.	修理将要花费很多钱
I chose this topic because I think that it's interesting.	我选这个主题是因为我觉得它很有意思
He is taking a walk.	他正在散步
Give me the book.	给我这本书
We picked flowers in the garden.	我们在花园里摘花
It's a cheap restaurant.	这是家很便宜的餐馆
I graduated from high school last year.	去年我从高中毕业了
As soon as the bell rang, the teacher came into the classroom.	钟声一响起
I found the work very interesting.	我觉得这个工作非常有趣
Please ask at the information desk.	请向服务台询问
What are you driving at?	您在暗示什么
You're still green.	你还年轻
Tom should be fired.	汤姆应该要被开除
This is not important.	这不重要
It is raining all the time.	雨下个不停
This is never going to end.	这将永远继续下去
We went for a walk in the forest.	我们去了林中散步
She got married when she was twenty-five.	她二十五岁时结婚了
Winners don't use drugs.	优胜者不使用药物
You're very fast.	你非常快
I know that I know it, but I can't remember it.	我知道我知道它
I am divorced.	我离婚了
My father objected to our marriage.	我的父亲反对我们的婚姻
Someday I'll buy a cotton candy machine.	有一天我买了一台棉花糖机
I took a cab to the station.	我搭了计程车到车站
Somebody stole my wallet.	我的钱包被抢了
Are there any apples in the box?	箱子里有苹果吗
This book will be printed next year.	这本书明年要出版
Let's proceed with the items on the agenda.	让我们继续进行议程上的项目
You have to go home.	你们必须回家
Do you like this flower?	你喜欢这朵花吗
We got all the materials together.	我们把所有的材料放在一起
Turn off the TV.	关闭电视机
Wait!	等一下
I don't understand much about it.	这里面我有很多不懂的
Tom is a good cook.	汤姆是个好厨师
I had to stay in bed all day.	我不得不一整天都呆在床上
I forgot to ask him.	我忘记问他了
A permit is required.	需要准许
I really think we should do this.	我真的认为我们该做这事
I haven't discussed that with Tom.	我还没和汤姆讨论过那个
I opened one eye.	我睁开一只眼睛
I'm just looking around.	我只是到处看看
He took out some coins.	他拿出了几枚硬币
We stayed with them all through the summer.	我们整个夏天都和他们待在一起
I ate french fries.	我吃了炸薯条
He regrets not having worked harder at school.	他后悔在校时没用功读书
Is this book yours?	这是你的书吗
Our teacher likes his new car.	我们的老师喜欢他的新车
I look after my grandfather.	我照顾我的爷爷
Why didn't you follow my advice?	你为什么不听我的忠告
We won't go out unless it stops raining.	除非雨停了
This is a comfortable chair.	这是张舒服的椅子
Something's wrong with my camera.	我的相机坏了
There are a lot of fish in this lake.	这湖里有许多鱼
She respects her teacher a lot.	她非常尊敬她的老师
A Mexican taught him Spanish.	一个墨西哥人教了他西班牙文
What do you call this bird?	这只鸟叫作什么
Let's order two bottles.	咱们点两瓶吧
This bicycle belongs to me.	这辆自行车属于我
She was busy with household work.	她忙于家务
His speech lasted three hours.	他的演讲持续了三个小时
Tom played with his dog.	汤姆和他的狗玩
Is this a pen or a pencil?	这是一只钢笔还是铅笔
What time do you go to work?	您几点钟上班
There is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying.	他说的话有一定的道理
He came home three hours later.	他三个小时后回家了
Subtract three from eight and you get five.	八减去三就能得到五
I like oranges better than apples.	我喜欢橘子胜过苹果
I felt my hands tremble.	我感觉到我的手在震动
When did he say he would come?	他说他什么时候会来
I opened the box and looked inside.	我打开盒子看看里面
We have a special connection.	我们有特殊联系
Tom was the only one who was punished.	汤姆是唯一受罚的人
You can have a ride on my motorcycle.	你可以骑上我的摩托车去遛一圈
Old people often talk to themselves.	老人时常自言自语
Everyone knew Tom could speak French well.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
Our friend finished the race in second place.	我们的朋友完成了比赛
We live in a three-bedroom house.	我们住在一栋有三间卧室的房子
He is familiar with Japanese culture.	他熟悉日本文化
You shouldn't have done it.	你不应该做的
You're driving too fast.	你开得太快了
He has a large family to support.	他要抚养一大家人
The circumstances did not allow me to go abroad.	情况不允许我出国
I'm studying economics in college.	我正在大学里读经济
It's been raining since last night.	从昨晚起一直下雨
I have nothing to do with the affair.	我跟这件事无关
Do you watch TV?	您看电视吗
No one came except Tom.	除了汤姆没有人来
We can't just fire Tom.	我们不能仅仅就这样炒了汤姆
It is very hot in the summer in Japan.	日本的夏天很热
Even a teacher can make mistakes.	老师也会犯错
I think your work is all right.	我觉得你的工作可以
There's nothing good on television.	电视上没有什么好事
You might meet him.	你可能会见到他
I feel like taking a bath now.	我现在想洗澡
I'm busy today.	我今天忙
The knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king.	骑士宣誓效忠于国王
There is no connection between them.	两者没有关联
It will cost around 10,000 yen.	它将花费大约
Do you know how to do that?	你知道怎么做吗
What's happened to you?	你到底怎么回事啊
There's nothing I wouldn't do for Tom.	没有我不会给汤姆做的事
Is there anything you want me to buy?	有什么你想让我买的吗
I like to travel alone.	我喜欢独自旅行
In this kind of weather, it's best to stay home and not go outside.	这种天气下最好待在家里不要外出
A considerable amount of time and effort have been spent already.	已经花费了很多的时间和精力
I thought Tom was going to hurt me.	你认为汤姆要伤害我
I believe you'll get over it soon.	我相信你很快就能复原
I've lived here since I was a boy.	我还是一个小男孩的时候就住在这里
We're throwing a party Friday evening at our place.	我们星期五傍晚在我们的地盘开派对
Her success made her the target of jealousy.	她的成功让她成为嫉妒心的靶子
I'm very lonely.	我很寂寞
Do you have any pencils?	你有铅笔吗
You should do that as often as you can while you're still young.	趁你还年轻的时候
There's no salt left.	没有盐了
I have an umbrella in my car.	我的车里有伞
Have you all eaten?	你们吃饭了吗
She used to live hand to mouth.	她过去的生活仅够糊口
I'd like to open a savings account.	我想开个储蓄帐户
This makes me sad.	这让我难过
I want you to not go to Boston with Tom.	我要你别和汤姆去波士顿
You should have seen it.	您本应该看看它的
We went down a river by canoe.	我们乘著独木舟向河的下游而行
The horse stopped and wouldn't move.	这匹马停下来不动了
I asked Tom to wait here.	我让汤姆在这里等
He likes traveling and so do I.	他喜欢旅行
There's a telephone in the hall.	在大厅里有一支电话
I've finished writing the letter.	我已经写完信了
That black bird is not a blackbird.	那只黑鸟不是乌鸫
She accepted his gift.	她收下了他的礼物
Tom said that he was curious.	汤姆说他很好奇
He is a bad driver.	他是个糟糕的司机
The top of the mountain is covered in snow.	山顶被雪覆盖了
Tom is on the go day and night.	汤姆日夜兼程
He can pull strings for you.	他能为你暗箱操作
The city was full of starving soldiers.	城市里充满了饥饿的士兵
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?	你看过这么美的夕阳吗
My mother is a lawyer.	我妈妈是个律师
Not all Germans like to drink beer.	不是所有的德国人都喜欢喝啤酒
What do we need to do?	我们必须做甚么
He's had many unhappy experiences.	他有许多不愉快的经历
This school has many students.	这个学校有很多学生
After I talked with my teacher, I decided to work hard.	跟我的老师谈过后
If you need a pen, I'll lend you one.	如果你需要笔的话
That job paid well.	这份工作工资很高
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	她给他写了一封长信
Do you go to church on Christmas Day?	你在圣诞节去教堂吗
The pharmacy is near the hospital.	药局在医院附近
You have to be proactive.	你必须积极主动
I have a boat.	我有一艘小船
I'm a student.	我是学生
That discovery was quite accidental.	那个发现纯属偶然
He has a few pens.	他有些钢笔
Tom wants to speak.	汤姆想说话
Who knows?	谁知道
You'll never see that again.	你以后再也不会看到它了
Tom's the only guy in this class.	汤姆是这个班级里唯一的男生
He probably won't come.	他可能不会来了
I don't like summer.	我不喜欢夏天
You seem very nervous.	你看起来很紧张
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.	比萨是种适合现在的生活方式的食物
At last, she solved the problem.	最后
They were only interested in selling books.	他们只对卖书有兴趣
It's your move.	该你走了
I'll alert Tom.	我会警告汤姆
That's not entirely wrong.	那不全是错的
That's clever.	好巧妙啊
I'm ready to leave.	我准备好出发了
She felt herself being lifted up.	她觉得自己好像被举起来了
Money cannot buy happiness.	钱买不到幸福
You're not a doctor.	您不是医生
He looked after the baby.	他照顾孩子
I had to take shelter under a tree.	我不得不在树下躲雨
Our supplies are running out.	我们的供给要用完了
Japan depends on imports for raw materials.	日本依赖进口原料
He drives very fast.	他开车速度非常快
Was the soup tasty?	这汤好喝吗
It's not as difficult as you think.	那个没你想象的那么难
Can you guess what I have?	你能猜到我有什么吗
I'd rather stay than go.	我宁愿待在这里而不去
Tom knew what Mary intended to do.	汤姆知道玛丽想做甚么
He looked over my report.	他仔细看了我的报告
That red car hit the blue van.	那辆红色汽车撞到了蓝色面包车
She wouldn't let up until I agreed to go to the movies with her.	她不愿松开我
Keep it up.	坚持
Have you smelled it?	你闻吗
Why did we fail?	我们为甚么失败了
His dress is that of a gentleman, but his speech and behavior are those of a clown.	他衣着像个绅士
He works in a big city hospital.	他在一间很大的市立医院工作
I like spring the best of the seasons.	春天是我最喜欢的季节
We must respect other people's privacy.	我们必须尊重别人的私隐
You may come if you like.	如果你想
Thanks!	谢谢
Let's play tennis this afternoon.	让我们今天下午打网球
Tom found a job in Boston.	汤姆在波士顿找了份工作
The poor girl went blind.	这可怜的女孩瞎了
I owe a lot of money.	我欠了很多钱
I can't imagine life without you.	我无法想像没有你的生活
A wounded whale washed up on the beach.	一条受伤的鲸鱼在海滩边搁浅了
What's Tom's excuse?	汤姆的借口是什么
When you've finished reading this letter, burn it.	看完这封信请把它烧掉
Do you get up at six?	你六点起床吗
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.	佛罗伦萨是意大利最美丽的城市
Do I have to take this medicine?	我必须吃这个药吗
You must control yourself.	你必须控制自己
He relies on his wife financially.	他经济上依靠他的太太
I want to marry a girl like her.	我想和一个像她那样的女孩结婚
They're afraid of me.	他们怕我
It is important to help each other.	重要的是要互相帮助
Can you come to the meeting tomorrow?	你明天可以来参加会议吗
Why are your eyes so big?	你的眼睛为什么那么大
He had the privilege of a private education.	他享有私人教学的特权
Please answer my question.	请回答我的问题
He said that if he knew her address, he would write to her.	他说如果他知道她的地址
There were two cakes.	那有两块蛋糕
Tom is three years younger than Mary is.	汤姆比玛丽小三岁
Please think about it.	请你考虑考虑
It was a bag that I lost in the room yesterday.	那是我昨天落在房间里的包
You don't have to eat.	你不必吃
I do not remember seeing the letter, but perhaps I read it.	我不记得我看过这封信
You don't understand.	你不明白
May I come in?	我可以进来吗
He imitated the works of Van Gogh.	他模仿了梵高的作品
It doesn't matter what he said.	他说的不重要
Tom didn't say a single word.	汤姆甚么也没说
The assignment took me longer than I had expected.	我用了比我预期更长的时间来完成作业
Tom respects his elders.	Tom	尊敬他的长辈
We both know why I'm here.	我们都知道我为甚么在这里
Let's try to get along.	让我们试着好好相处
Since I had met him once before, I recognized him right away.	由于我以前见过他一次
I like jazz music.	我喜欢爵士乐
Why not?	为什么不
It is a pity that you can't join us.	你不能和我们一起来真可惜
I believe that he's happy.	我相信他是幸福的
I did that as soon as Tom told me I needed to.	我在汤姆告诉我我需要做时就立刻做了
Tom's grinning.	汤姆露齿而笑
The light changed from red to green.	灯由红变绿
If you eat that much, you'll get a stomachache.	那么吃的话
I can't find anything wrong with his theory.	我在他的理论中找不到任何问题
In general, men run faster than women.	一般来说
I wholeheartedly agree.	我完全赞同
Our house is conveniently located.	我们的房子位于交通便利的地方
I'm sorry, I forgot my homework.	很抱歉我忘了写作业
Are you angry?	您生气了吗
She kindly showed me the way.	她友善地为我指路
I made a paper plane.	我折了架纸飞机
I know why you're happy.	我知道你为什么高兴
Humor me.	你就随了我的意吧
Christmas is a special holiday.	圣诞节是一个特别的节日
Please call a taxi for this lady.	请为这位女士叫辆出租车
He lived here for a time.	他在这儿住了有一段时间了
Are you also from Boston?	你也是从波士顿来的吗
You have the same racket as I have.	你的球拍跟我的一样
Tom is only pretending he isn't interested.	汤姆只是在装没兴趣
I've got one for you.	我给你带了一个
Keep the window closed.	让窗子关着
What illness do I have?	我得了什么病
He owes his success both to working hard and to good luck.	他的成功要归结于他的辛勤工作和好运气
I would like to sit in the non-smoking section.	我想坐在无烟区
Please be careful when crossing the street.	过马路时请小心
I'm not very good at swimming.	我不是很擅长游泳
Wouldn't you like to eat?	您不想吃饭吗
There's nothing that can be done.	没办法
I'm a college student.	我是个大学生
Tom's eyes were glued to the screen.	Tom	的眼睛被荧幕吸引住了
Tom loves to sing.	汤姆爱唱歌
You like to talk about architecture, don't you?	你喜欢讨论建筑
I was frightened by the sight.	我被这情景吓到了
I'm humble.	我是谦虚的
May I use your telephone?	我能用你的电话吗
Something did happen.	有什么事发生了
Blenders are nice for people who really like smoothies.	搅拌机对真的喜欢冰沙的人来说很不错
Is our appointment today or tomorrow?	我们约的是今天还是明天
Do you know anything about Tom's parents?	你知道任何关于汤姆父母的事吗
Promises aren't enough.	承诺是不够的
He's very sloppy in his dress.	他穿着上很不讲究
The world is full of fools.	世界上都是白痴
What did you do last night?	你昨晚做了什么
She was ashamed of her children's behavior.	她为自己孩子的行为感到羞耻
See you tomorrow.	明天见
He gets tired easily.	他很容易觉得累
A few years ago, our room had little furniture in it.	几年前
My friends invited me to dinner.	我的朋友邀请我去吃晚饭
It was a great shock to me.	这对我是很大的震撼
I don't want to wait.	我不想等
He lost everything he owned.	他失去了他拥有的一切
You don't look so happy.	你看来不大高兴
It really comes in handy.	这真的能派上用场
Nothing happened.	什么事都没有发生
Our music teacher advised me to visit Vienna.	我们的音乐老师建议我去维也纳看看
Ask him where he parked his car.	问他把他自己的车停在哪里了
Yesterday I played football.	我昨天踢了足球
It's cold this morning.	今天早上冷
How many does he want?	他要多少
He is up to his ears in debt.	他浑身是债
What is the name of this river?	这条河叫什么名字
Wash the dishes.	把盘子洗了
Do you want wine?	你要酒吗
Lincoln set the slaves free.	林肯释放了奴隶
Are you out of bed?	你起床了吗
I love you more than anyone else.	我爱你胜过其他任何一个人
These shoes are hers.	这些鞋是她的
I don't trust him any more.	我不再相信他了
Would you lend me your bicycle?	你可以借我你的脚踏车吗
I got off at the wrong station.	我下错了车站
Tom put his keys in his pocket.	汤姆把钥匙放在口袋里
Can you swim underwater?	你能潜水吗
The moon was full last night.	昨晚月亮圆
I'll come back.	我会回来的
How much is that?	多少钱
Open your eyes.	睁开眼睛
Our eyes take time to adjust to the dark.	我们的眼睛需要时间来适应黑暗
Take it easy.	放轻松
He studied abroad.	他出国留学了
Was her story true?	她的故事是真的吗
My father is retiring next spring.	我爸爸明年春天就要退休了
Tom wrote two books.	汤姆写了两本书
Give me back my wallet.	把钱包还我
Why do you need this money?	你要这钱干嘛
I consider fruit to be the healthiest food.	我将水果视为最健康的食物
I also heard a similar story.	我也听过一个类似的故事
He took poison by mistake.	他误服了毒药
The equator divides the globe into two hemispheres.	赤道把地球分为两个半球
Mathematics is difficult for me.	数学对我来说很难
I'm feeling fit.	我觉得精神很好
How much does a kilo of bananas cost?	一公斤香蕉多少钱
That's a lot of cash.	那是很多钱
I'd be crazy to do that.	我做那事会疯
The mother occasionally reread her son's letter.	这位母亲偶尔会重温她的儿子的信件
She needs a coat.	她需要一件外套
I'm as tall as my father.	我跟我父亲一样高
You don't need to study today.	你今天不必读书
I think that it's true.	我认为这是真的
The whole class is present once a week.	全班同学每周出席一次
Tom wanted Mary to go home.	汤姆想让玛丽回家
I hope to see you.	我希望能见到你
Do you have plans for tonight?	今晚有什么计划吗
Will you help me move this desk?	你能帮我搬这张桌子吗
Do you want to know what I see?	你想知道我看见什么了吗
What are you girls doing?	你们这些姑娘在做甚么
Tom certainly is an eloquent speaker.	汤姆的确是个很会讲话的人
I would like to tell you something.	我想告诉你一些事情
I feel like a rest.	我想休息一下
This desk takes up too much room.	这张桌子太占空间了
Teachers must understand children.	教师必须了解孩子
The police are after him.	警察在跟著他
What would you advise me to do?	您建议我做什么
I don't have a pencil.	我没铅笔
I don't like to go out when it's dark.	我天黑后不喜欢出门
We encountered a lot of difficulties on the expedition.	我们在探险的时候遇到了很多困难
He spent his sixtieth birthday in the hospital.	他在医院里过了他的六十岁生日
May I hold your hand?	我可以牵着你的手吗
It's cold there even in the summer.	那里连夏天也冷
All of Tom's predictions came true.	汤姆说的预言全部都应验了
Her son was killed in the accident.	她儿子在车祸中丧生
What are you doing now?	你现在在做什么
Death is like dreaming.	死了就像做梦似的
How long do you plan to stay in this country?	你打算在这个国家待多久
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.	对不起
It can't be!	这不可能
He got his meaning across to me.	他把他的意思对我讲清楚了
Tom and Mary spoke on the phone.	汤姆和玛丽在电话里交流
Sorry, I made a mistake.	对不起
It's going to get cold tonight.	今晚天气会变冷
My aunt gave me a camera.	我的阿姨给了我一台摄影机
As you sow, so shall you reap.	种瓜得瓜
Everything's working fine.	一切正常
She is looking for her car keys.	她在找她的车钥匙
I'll fight to the death.	我会战斗至死
You won't be happy no matter what I do.	无论我做什么
You're walking too fast.	您走太快了
I'll leave when she comes back.	当她回来的时后
Take off your socks.	把你的袜子脱了
Can I speak to the head nurse?	我能跟护士长说话吗
He doesn't know how to swim.	他不会游泳
I liked Tom right away.	我很快喜欢上汤姆了
I don't care if it snows.	我不在乎是否下雪
I need a bag. Will you lend me one?	我需要个包
How many rackets do you have?	你有多少支球拍
You're a good leader.	你是个好的领导人
He was standing behind the door.	他站在门后
What did she say?	她说了什么
Our train arrived on time.	我们的火车准时来到
Does love exist?	爱存在吗
Tom made a sandwich.	汤姆做了个三明治
Tom isn't accustomed to walking barefooted.	汤姆不习惯赤脚漫步
It's so different now.	现在真是不一样了
She always cared about my health.	她总是关心我的健康
My friends don't play tennis.	我的朋友不打网球
You're not fast enough.	你不够快
Tom wanted to see Mary's room.	汤姆想看看玛丽的房间
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be intoxicated.	汤姆告诉玛丽她应该停止假装醉酒
No one believed what I said.	没有人相信我说的话
This umbrella is mine.	这把伞是我的
The town was sleeping peacefully.	城市安睡了
Love blinded him to her faults.	爱情让他盲目到看不到她的错
It's your turn.	轮到你了
In my opinion, he is correct.	在我看来
I'd like to listen to pop music.	我想要听流行音乐
Where do you want to go?	你想去哪里
I'd like another beer.	我想再来一杯啤酒
Come home before six.	六点之前要回家
Which team do you think will win?	你觉得哪支球队会赢
He is a mathematical genius.	他是一个数学天才
Bern is the capital of Switzerland.	伯恩是瑞士首都
I have chapped lips.	我的嘴裂开了
Do you understand what I mean?	你知道我的意思吗
I didn't mean it.	我不是这个意思
Do you think the weather will be fine tomorrow?	你觉得明天天气会变好吗
The phone is ringing.	电话正在响
What could go wrong?	什么可以出岔子
What're you talking about?	你在说什么呢
Tom isn't at the hotel.	汤姆不在酒店
A fallen tree blocked the path.	一棵倒下的树挡住了通道
Tom tried to kiss me, but I didn't let him.	汤姆要亲我
Does your father get home early?	你爸爸很早回家吗
It's high time you left for school, isn't it?	你该上学去了
He painted his bicycle red.	他把他的自行车刷成红色
Tom was too afraid to do anything.	Tom	太胆小了以至于做不了任何事
Why are you crying?	你为什么哭
Are you going to attend the meeting?	你要参加会议吗
He came to see you yesterday.	他昨天来看你
Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.	你咳嗽
You'd better go home at once.	你最好立刻回家
Tom is trying to find Mary a job.	汤姆在尝试为玛丽找一份工作
Will you please turn down the radio?	请你把收音机关小声一点好吗
You live and learn.	你一面生活一面学习
When does the movie start?	电影什么时间开始
May I speak to you a minute?	我可以和你讲一下话吗
I bought a round-trip ticket.	我买了往返的票
I intended to go, but forgot to.	我本来想走的
It's our job to help you.	帮助你是我们的工作
I'm sorry I don't agree with you on that matter.	很抱歉那个问题我不赞成你
While you are reading to me, I can do my sewing.	你读给我听的时候
Let me know if I need to change.	让我知道我是否需要改变
I don't remember mailing the letter.	我不记得寄过信了
Why don't you go see Tom?	你为甚么不去看汤姆
I'm not going to say it again.	我不会再说了
This is my bag.	那是我的包
Have you washed the car yet?	你洗过车子了吗
Did you make any New Year's resolutions?	你有没有许下什么新年愿望
You're not supposed to be here now.	你现在不应该在这里
Why are you so good at cooking?	为什么你做饭那么拿手呢
Who is that man?	那个男人是谁
Will six o'clock suit you?	六点您行吗
Tom is now on vacation.	汤姆正在度假
Please turn off the lights.	请关灯
Tom was stripped to the waist.	汤姆光着膀子
I promise that I'll come.	我保证我会来
Have you ever seen Tom when he's angry?	你有看见过汤姆生气的时候吗
He refused to shake hands with me.	他拒绝跟我握手
It is wrong to tell a lie.	说谎不好
The children go to school in the morning.	孩子们早上去学校
We're special.	我们是特别的
Tom should be happy.	汤姆应该高兴
Shouldn't you be studying?	你不应该在学习吗
How was your summer?	夏天过得怎么样
I don't want a birthday party.	我不想要生日聚会
I'll tell Tom tomorrow.	我明天告诉汤姆
He has no girlfriend.	他没有女朋友
Math is my favorite subject.	数学是我最喜欢的科目
The fire broke out after the staff went home.	在全体职员回家后
It is wrong to cheat at cards.	玩牌作弊是错误的
How could so many people go along with this?	怎么会有这么多的人同意呢
We have to sing at an old folks home today.	我们今天得去养老院唱歌
He has been dead for three years.	他去世三年了
We've done everything possible.	我们已竭尽所能
It'll rain for sure.	绝对将要下雨
Skating is one of my hobbies.	滑冰是我的嗜好之一
Tom will never see you again.	汤姆永远也不会见你了
Tom is interested in mathematics.	汤姆是对数学感兴趣
Let me introduce my friends to you.	我给你介绍介绍我的朋友
Did you find anything interesting?	你找到有趣的东西了吗
Carrots contain a lot of vitamin A.	胡萝卜中含有大量的维生素
Tom said he read a book about this ship.	Tom	说他在这次的航行中读了一本书
She gave us lots to eat.	她给了我们很多吃的东西
I did not participate in the dialog.	我没有参与对话
My father has been to Australia twice.	我父亲曾经去过澳洲两次
A fool and his money are soon parted.	笨蛋难聚财
We have a new neighbor.	我们有新邻居
It hasn't been easy.	它不容易
You shouldn't have come alone.	你不该一个人来
Thanks for your explanation.	谢谢你的解释
Talk is cheap.	说得简单
You really are an idiot.	你真的是
Tom stayed home.	汤姆留在家里
They were not listening to music.	他们没在听音乐
It's been a long time.	好久不见了
I want you to tell me the truth.	我想你把真相告诉我
Write down the medications you need on this piece of paper.	将你需要的药物写在这张纸上
Nobody will believe you.	没人会相信你
I was very impressed by his story.	他的故事给我留下了很深的印象
I know everything.	我什么都知道
Can you weigh this, please?	请你称一下这个的重量好吗
When was Tom fired?	汤姆什么时候被解雇的
Do you feel hungry?	你肚子饿吗
He finally decided to get married.	他最终决定结婚
They went in opposite directions.	他们往相反的方向去
Tom may still be alive.	汤姆可能还活着
Tom told Mary to help John.	汤姆让玛丽幚约翰
We were driven to the wall.	我们被逼得走投无路了
Movie making is an exciting job.	电影制作是一个令人兴奋的工作
This job pays 10,000 yen a day.	这个工作一天有
This drink is on the house.	这种饮料是免费招待的
Compared to our house, yours is a mansion.	跟我们的房子比
How tall are your parents?	你的父母有多高
You're on the right track.	你的想法是对的
His hobby is painting pictures of flowers.	他的爱好是画有花的图
Nice guys finish last.	男不坏
Tulips will bloom soon.	郁金香很快将盛开
Are you Tom's mother?	你是汤姆的母亲吗
The program is on the air.	那个节目现在正在播出
Don't open that.	别打开那东西
You've told Tom, haven't you?	你告诉汤姆了
Let me in.	让我进去
He did not think he needed their protection.	他认为他不需要他们的保护
There used to be an old temple here.	这里曾是座旧庙
The value of the coins depended on the weight of the metal used.	钱币的价值取决于所使用的金属的重量
This lake is the deepest lake in Japan.	这片湖是日本最深的
I've already considered that possibility.	我已经考虑过那种可能性了
I saw him at the station a few days ago.	几天前我在站看到了他
Tom isn't paying attention.	汤姆在开小差
I didn't know that he was Japanese.	我不知道他是日本人
She put sheets on her bed.	她在她的床上铺了床单
The teacher told us a funny story.	老师跟我们说了一个有趣的故事
A tiger has escaped from the zoo.	一只老虎逃出了动物园
What I hate most of all is having to recite texts from memory.	我最讨厌背诵课文了
Can you tell me what this is?	你能告诉我这是什么吗
They were buried in a mass grave.	他们被埋在一座大坟墓里
He bought his daughter a dress.	他买了一件洋装给他女儿
I have a bit of a headache today.	有今天有点头疼
Write everything down.	把所有东西写下来
Why don't you go home early today?	你今天为什么不早点回家呢
Tom doesn't share Mary's enthusiasm.	汤姆没有感受到玛丽的热情
World War II ended in 1945.	第二次世界大战结束于
When she was thirteen, she ran away from home.	她十三岁的时候离家出走了
He is not as intelligent as his brother.	他没有他弟弟聪明
I'll give you anything that you want.	我会给你任何你想要的东西
A dog followed me to my school.	一只狗跟著我到我的学校
You should be a diplomat.	你应该做一个外交官
I'm using a new computer.	我正在用一台新电脑
When are you going to get married?	你什么时候要结婚
He doesn't know much about Japan.	他不是很了解日本
An apple sits on the table.	桌上有个苹果
We should've worked harder.	我们应该工作得更努力
Why are you just sitting there?	你为什么就站在这里
I'm sorry to bother you so often.	一直打扰你不好意思
I don't mind if you go to bed before I get home.	我不介意你在我回到家之前先去睡觉
It's really dark here. I can't see anything.	这里真的很暗
He has seven sons.	他有七个儿子
Humans only live about 70 years.	一个人只能活七十岁左右
Tom is a professor, isn't he?	汤姆是一名教授
I'm behind him.	我在他后面
I'm looking for a small suitcase.	我正在找一个小手提箱
He tried to make his wife happy, but he couldn't.	他试著想让他妻子开心
The world is beautiful.	世界真美好
Tom wanted something else.	汤姆想要别的东西
This desk is designed for children.	这张书桌是专门为儿童设计的
I thought that we had agreed on this.	我认为我们己经同意了
You're so beautiful!	你太漂亮了
Somebody should tell Tom how to behave.	有人应该告诉汤姆怎么表现
It isn't spring yet.	春天尚未来临
Tom wants to see you.	汤姆想见你
Have you ever dreamed about me?	你梦见过我吗
Your house was easy to find.	你家很容易发现
Sorry, I couldn't help it.	对不起
A couch potato is something that I don't want to be.	我不想成为整天泡在沙发上看电视的人
I'd like an orange juice.	我想要一杯柳橙汁
Follow him.	跟著他走
Did they live here?	他们从前住这吗
Look out for pickpockets.	小心扒手
The boy lay listening to the radio.	男孩躺着听收音机
Keep going straight.	继续直行
May I ask some questions?	我可以问一些问题吗
She married her classmate.	她跟她的同学结婚了
That tie goes well with your shirt.	那条领带很适合你的衬衫
How was your weekend?	你周末过得怎么样
This city is cold and lonely without you.	没有你这个城市孤单又冷清
This box is too bulky to carry.	这个箱子太笨重了无法携带
This book is quite difficult.	这本书很难读
She despised him.	她看不起他
Tom thinks he's related to me.	汤姆认为他跟我有关系
I was already busy planning my vacation.	我已经在忙于计划假期了
Eating habits differ from country to country.	各国有不同的饮食习惯
I had no choice but to accept the offer.	除了接受报价
Do you know the reason?	你知道是什么原因吗
Stop pretending that everything's okay. It's not.	不要再假装一切都好了
Do you know when the supermarket closes?	你知道商场什么时候关门吗
I like your coffee.	我喜欢你的咖啡
His record is a new world record in the 100-meter dash.	他刷新了百米短跑的世界纪录
Give me what you have in your hand.	把你手里的东西给我
Did Tom talk to Mary?	汤姆跟玛丽说话了吗
We've forgiven you.	我们已经原谅你了
He will be a good husband to my sister.	他会是我妹妹的好丈夫的
They refused.	他们拒绝了
Can you finish this in three days?	您可以在三天内完成吗
His mother didn't want to do it.	他的母亲不想做
To my surprise, he easily came up with a plan.	令我吃惊的是
Do you have children?	你有孩子吗
I've run out of money.	我钱已经用完了
I can't stand this pain.	我无法忍受这个痛苦
You need protection.	你需要保护
What is this?	这是什么啊
How many plates do we have?	我们有多少个盘子
All at once, he spoke out.	他突然发言了
Are you looking for work?	你在找工作吗
Tom was hiding something.	汤姆在藏甚么
You should stay away from Tom.	你应该离汤姆远点儿
Do you know who this belongs to?	这是谁的你知道吗
A woman visited us while you were sleeping.	您睡觉的时候
He has been dead for ten years.	他已经死了十年
I'll pay you back next week.	我下周去还你钱
I'm not fond of her face.	我不喜欢她的脸
We were bored.	我们感到厌烦了
The dog walked across the street.	这只狗穿过街道
I have no idea of what's going on in there.	我不清楚这里发生了什么事
Did you go anywhere for the summer?	你夏天去了任何地方吗
He has lots of money.	他有很多钱
Do you have any plans for tonight?	今晚有什么计划吗
I'll be gone for a while.	我要暂时离开
Something strange is going on.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
Tom took his wedding ring off.	汤姆拿掉了他的婚戒
How did Tom talk Mary into babysitting his children?	汤姆是怎么说服玛丽照顾他的小孩的呢
She's not as old as Mary.	她没有玛丽年纪大
In case of fire, push the button.	万一发生火灾
Do you need help?	你需要帮助吗
I don't think this is Tom's umbrella.	我认为这不是汤姆的伞
Tom said he loved me.	汤姆说他爱我
You'd better send for a doctor.	你最好派人去请医生来
Tell me again where you live.	再跟我说一次
Their wedding is tomorrow.	他们明天举行婚礼
Tom admitted he'd killed Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
I saw a woman in black.	我看见一个穿黑衣服的女人
I hope I'm not boring you.	希望我没有烦到你
Fantastic!	很棒
Her English is excellent.	她的英语好极了
There's a crown here.	这里有个皇冠
We easily figured out the password.	我们毫不费力地想出了密码
Tom died in battle.	汤姆在战斗中死了
She cried as she read the letter.	她一边读这封信一边哭
I've never heard of Tom.	我从没听说过汤姆
If you are not going to the concert, then neither am I.	如果你不去音乐会
We ordered too much food.	我们点了太多的食物
Let me know.	让我知道
We want to go home.	我们想回家
Grandmother sent us a box of apples.	奶奶送了我们一箱苹果
He whistled as he walked.	他边走边吹口哨
How about going out for a walk?	出去散步怎么样
I cry every time I watch this movie.	我每次看这部电影都会哭
Suddenly, the light went out.	灯突然灭了
I caused him a lot of trouble.	我给他带来了很多麻烦
I made other plans.	我另有计划
What's done is done.	事已至此
Our yacht club has ten members.	我们的游艇俱乐部里有十个会员
I don't blame you.	我不怪你
Please forgive me.	请原谅我
Can I do anything to help?	我能帮上忙吗
You always work hard.	你一直努力工作
The towel wasn't useful at all.	毛巾完全没起作用
The first item he bought was an alarm clock.	他买的第一项东西是一个闹钟
His decision to retire surprised all of us.	他要退休的决定让我们都感到吃惊
I don't understand what you're trying to say.	我不明白您想说什么
He likes to cook for his family.	他喜欢为家人做饭
Tom hates the smell of herring.	汤姆讨厌鲱鱼味
Has Tom gone insane?	Tom	疯了吗
My brother is watching TV.	我弟弟在看电视
My father goes jogging every morning.	我父亲每天早上去慢跑
Please write with a pencil.	请用铅笔写
I'm the tallest in our class.	我在班里是最高的
He was in America at that time.	他当时在美国
Tom felt hungry.	汤姆觉得饿了
I haven't found anything.	我甚么也没找到
It is true that television also has some disadvantages.	电视的确有一些缺点
What kind of work will you do?	你将做什么样的工作
What would you think if I did that?	如果我那么做你会怎么想
I agreed with him on the plan.	对于这个计划我同意他的意见
We have to go by the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
Could you tell me what my choices are?	你能告诉我我的选项是甚么吗
We don't have enough time.	我们时间不多了
There may be life on the moons of Jupiter.	木星的卫星上可能有生命存在
I know what they're going to do.	我知道他们要做什么
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way.	这班火车如此的拥挤以至于我整个车程都必须站著
He crashed his car because someone tampered with the brakes.	他撞车是因为有人在刹车上做了手脚
Who loved who?	谁爱谁
Please tell me about it.	请告诉我关于它的事情
Parents teach their children that it's wrong to lie.	父母教育他们的孩子说谎是不好的
He often goes with her to watch movies.	他常和她一起去看电影
I keep the master copy under lock and key.	我妥善保管原版拷贝
Have you brushed your teeth?	你刷过牙没有
I couldn't sleep.	我睡不著
I couldn't remember their names.	我不记得他们的名字了
This English essay is far from perfect.	这篇英语作文离完美还差得远
You can't depend on Tom.	你不能靠汤姆
I'm lucky.	我运气很好
Whose bike is this?	这辆自行车是谁的
Don't throw rocks into the river.	不要往河里扔石头
You speak good English.	你的英语说得很好
Tom doesn't remember where he put his keys.	汤姆不记得他把钥匙放在哪里了
The toilet doesn't flush properly.	厕所冲水不正常
I'm confident that you'll succeed.	我肯定你会成功
How much is the rent per month?	一个月的租金多少
This is the most massive structure I've ever seen.	这是我所见过的最大型的构造了
Physics is my favorite subject.	物理是我最喜欢的科目
Please shut the door.	请关上门
That child may have been kidnapped on his way home.	那个孩子可能在回家的路上被绑架了
I made his son a new suit.	我给他的儿子做了一套新西装
She speaks both English and French.	她会讲英语和法语
My nose itches.	我的鼻子好痒
She got married at seventeen.	她十七岁结婚
What has brought you here?	是什么风把你吹来了啊
Let's take a ten-minute break.	让我们休息
A fly can walk on the ceiling.	苍蝇能在天花板上走
Tom got here before sunrise.	汤姆天亮前就到这了
Have you called her yet?	你打电话给她了吗
One who has everything can lose everything.	拥有一切的人可能会失去一切
I'm able to speak.	我能说
Tom dozed off during the meeting.	汤姆在会议期间打瞌睡
Do you share a room?	你们共住一个房间吗
There's no chance of rain today.	今天没有任何下雨的可能性
I think Tom might not want to do that.	我认为汤姆可能不想那样做
She loves chocolate, too.	她也喜欢巧克力
I sometimes play tennis with her.	有时我会跟她打网球
Not everyone is honest.	不是每个人都是老实的
I'm not really sure what Tom meant.	我不清楚汤姆是甚么意思
I'd like a single with a shower, please.	我要一间有淋浴的单人间
I'm on the balcony.	我在阳台上
I want a boat that'll take me far away from here.	我想要一艘船带我远离这里
Why are you two always fighting?	为何两位总是在打架
I'm afraid you can't marry her.	我怕你没法跟她结婚
It isn't a bug. It's an undocumented feature.	这不是一个漏洞
The door of the office is yellow.	办公室的门是黄色的
Tom has been to this park with Mary at least a dozen times.	汤姆跟玛丽来这公园至少十二次
They obeyed orders.	他们服从了命令
Do you know what color she likes?	你知道她喜欢什么颜色吗
Tom is diabetic.	汤姆是糖尿病患者
What happened then?	然后发生了什么事
Japan is located in the Northern Hemisphere.	日本位于北半球
We made the most of the opportunity.	我们尽力地利用了这个机会
I didn't have to study yesterday.	我昨天不必读书
This is not my car.	这不是我的车
Will you go by train?	你坐火车去吗
He seldom, if ever, goes to church.	他很少
I caught a cold last month.	上个月我感冒了
Have you met her before?	你以前见过她吗
My camera was stolen on the train.	我的照相机在火车上被偷了
Could I have the bill, please?	请把帐单给我好吗
He was sitting between Mary and Tom.	他坐在玛丽和汤姆之间
Tom lied.	汤姆说谎了
May I ask you to close the window?	帮我关下窗可以吗
It is expensive to live in Japan.	生活在日本很昂贵
Do you speak English?	你说英语吗
She is afraid of her own shadow.	她害怕自己的影子
You've got a strong will.	你的意志力很强
I'll give you this camera.	我会给你这台相机
I'm really sorry to hear that.	听到这样的消息我真的很难过
She went shopping with her mother.	她和她母亲去购物
His store is always crowded with customers.	他的店总是挤满了顾客
You look surprised.	你看起来很吃惊
Tom studies at Harvard.	汤姆在哈佛学习
They are about the same age.	他们年龄相仿
Tom seems to hardly ever get his homework done on time.	Tom	似乎没办法准时完成他的作业
I can't fall asleep.	我睡不着觉
Mary and I plan to have two children.	Mary	和我计划生两个孩子
He stepped on my foot on purpose.	他故意踩我的脚
We toured all the major cities.	我们游览了所有主要城市
What don't you want us to see?	你不想让我们看见什么
Let's take a bus.	让我们搭公车吧
That won't make any difference.	这没有任何区别
We should have been more careful.	我们应该更小心的
Don't begin without me.	我不在就别开始
I heard Tom scream.	我听到汤姆尖叫
Do you like strawberries?	你喜欢草莓吗
There is no clock in my room.	我的房间里没有时钟
Finish your work.	完成你的工作
Are you going home?	你在回家吗
I have some pictures to show you.	我有一些照片给你看
He's very influential in the world of medicine.	他在医学界有很大的影响力
Do you feel like you can't connect with other people?	您觉得您无法与他人交流吗
This question is very simple.	这个问题很简单
I am sure that he is an honest man.	我确定他是个老实人
Do you like school?	您喜欢学校吗
The building is seven stories high.	这栋建筑物有七层楼高
I won't be long.	不会花很多时间的
Could you please autograph this book?	请你在这本书上签名好吗
Please tell me your address.	请告诉我你的地址
I try.	我试试
Leave my car alone.	不要碰我的车
He knows New York inside out.	他对纽约了如指掌
I'm looking for a coat in my size.	我在找有我尺寸的上衣
It's very hot this morning.	今天早上很热呢
It's already October.	已经是十月了
We have three kids.	我们有三个孩子
I can't find my bag.	我找不到我的包了
She was crying as she answered.	她边哭边回答
Some people don't know that.	有些人不知道那件事
I think I shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.	我想我不该让汤姆做那件事
After a couple of drinks, the guy was feeling no pain.	喝了几杯酒后
You don't need to thank me.	您不必感谢我
Goodbye!	再见
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.	当我学习的时候不要打扰我
I love my life.	我爱我的生命
My first day in the university was rather boring.	我大学里的第一天相当没意思
You may go.	您可以走了
There was a minute of silence and then everybody started screaming.	有一分钟的沉默
Are you listening to English?	你在听英语吗
It is imperative for you to act at once.	你必须马上行动
Do you study every day?	你们每天都读书吗
If you get sleepy, tell me.	困了的话就说哦
I've already had lunch.	我已经吃过午餐了
He always mistakes me for my sister.	他老是把我和我姐姐搞错
Let's go as soon as it stops raining.	只要雨一停我们就走
Do you need to work on Sundays?	你得在星期天工作吗
You should apologize to your father for not getting home in time for dinner.	你应该为你没有及时回家吃晚餐向你父亲道歉
Mary paid five dollars for her lunch.	玛丽用
I got her to clean my room.	我让她把我的房间弄干净
I want to see your mother.	我想看看你的母亲
The sun is rising.	太阳升起来了
You're a beautiful young woman.	你是一个美丽的女人
He likes playing football.	他喜欢踢足球
Give me something to write with.	给我些可以写字的东西
I won't tell Tom what he should do.	我不会告诉汤姆他该做什么
Give a thief enough rope and he'll hang himself.	多行不义必自毙
Who invited you guys?	谁邀请了你们
Some furniture is put together with glue.	一些家具是用胶水黏在一起
Should I go?	我该去吗
Wash up.	去清洗一下
He failed to follow our advice.	他没有遵循我们的忠告
The short answer is yes.	短回答是是
Let's leave the decision to Tom.	让我们留给他作决定
She is making progress with her English.	她的英语正在进步中
Is Tom helping Mary?	汤姆在帮玛丽吗
Tom is stingy.	汤姆很小气
Aren't you hot?	你不热吗
It was absolutely brilliant.	它真是太妙了
Tom didn't give me back my money.	汤姆没有把钱还给我
I am tired of my work.	我厌倦了我的工作
You used to smoke, didn't you?	你以前吸烟
I don't want to take the chance.	我不想冒这个险
I'm ashamed of myself.	我对我自己感到惭愧
No one will talk.	没人会讲
The ship made slow progress against the strong wind.	这艘船逆风而行缓慢前进
Tom looked at Mary suspiciously.	汤姆怀疑地看着玛丽
You look sleepy.	你看起来很困了
It's up to you to decide whether we'll go there or not.	该由你来决定我们去不去那儿
How long have you lived in Japan?	你在日本住多久了
Tom said he didn't want to waste time arguing.	汤姆说他不想把时间浪费在争论上
I guess it depends on the weather.	我想这要看天气情况而定
This is a very informative article.	这是篇信息量很大的文章
I went to drink a beer with friends.	我去和朋友喝了杯啤酒
I don't have any friends to help me.	我没朋友帮我
The lion is stalking its prey.	狮子在跟踪它的猎物
We really enjoyed ourselves.	我们真的玩得很开心
Tom still isn't sure what to do.	汤姆还是不确定要做甚么
He missed the last train.	他错过了最后一班火车
I have ten pens more than you do.	我比你多
I can stay up as late as I want.	我熬夜熬多久都行
It's raining cats and dogs.	雨下得很大
I don't want Tom to stay any longer.	我再也不要汤姆留下来
When will that new school open?	那是新学校什么时候开学
He admitted his guilt.	他承认他有罪
He eats lunch at a cafeteria.	他在自助餐厅吃午餐
Don't be late for school again.	不要再上学迟到了
This song makes me think of when I was young.	这首歌使我想起了我年轻的时候
I got a letter from her.	我收到她的来信
She had a pleasant dream last night.	她昨晚做了个美梦
I've had a busy day.	今天我一直很忙
He's an old friend of mine.	他是我的老朋友
They are having a party tomorrow.	明天他们将举行派对
You'd do that if Tom asked you to, wouldn't you?	若汤姆请求你的话
Mathematics is my favorite subject.	数学是我最喜欢的科目
Tom isn't nearly as smart as he thinks he is.	汤姆并不像他自认为的那么聪明
I am positive that he is wrong.	我确定他是错的
Tom is being quite obstinate, isn't he?	汤姆挺固执的不是吗
I can't do any more than this.	我无法再做下去了
It's been hot this month, but today's an exception.	这个月一直都很热
When listening to a lecture, you should be quiet.	听讲座时
Are you kidding?	你在开玩笑吗
We got the meeting over with quickly.	我们很快的结束了这个会议
They should all be fired.	他们全部都应该被开除
Please take a look at this picture.	请看看这张照片
The telephone was invented in 1876 by Bell.	电话于
It's because of you that we were late.	因为你我们才迟了
Tom is perfect, isn't he?	汤姆是完美的
That actually makes a lot of sense.	那个相当能说得通
Flying kites can be dangerous.	放风筝可以是危险的
What do you learn English for?	你为什么学英文
You haven't even asked me what I think.	你甚没问过我怎么想
It's obvious that he lied.	显然地他撒了谎
It's not a road, but a path.	它不是一条路
Tomorrow's weather should be sunny with occasional rain.	明天天气晴转阵雨
She is more pretty than beautiful.	说她美不如说她可爱
I need to go home a little early today.	我今天要早点回家
Tom is from Australia and Mary is from New Zealand.	汤姆来自澳大利亚
She believes whatever he says.	她相信他说的任何事
I am never at home on Sundays.	我周日从来都不在家
Is Tom around?	汤姆在吗
What are you doing?	你做什么
A fire broke out in my neighborhood last night.	昨晚我领居家着火了
There was a lot of snow last winter.	去年冬天下了好多雪
Why can't Tom come to us?	为甚么汤姆不能来我们这里
I want to be as tall as Tom.	我想和
I might have forgotten the key.	我可能把钥匙忘了
That house appears deserted.	那幢房子看起来被遗弃了
America is very big.	美洲很大
She lives just across from us.	她就住在我们对面
I have a stomachache, doctor.	医生
I'm just a regular office worker.	我只是一个普通的上班族
I really like puppies.	我非常喜欢小狗
Please sit.	请用座
How's it going at school?	学校怎么样
We found out that he was her father.	我们发现他是她的父亲
I couldn't put up with her arrogant behavior.	我无法忍受她傲慢的态度
That's not important to me.	那对我不重要
What is the name of that river?	这条河的名字是什么
I work with her boyfriend.	我和她的男朋友在一起上班
Let me see.	让我想一想
The train was delayed because of heavy snowfall.	火车因大雪被耽搁了
I can't see anything without my glasses.	我没带眼镜就什么都看不到
I don't like being alone.	我不喜欢独处
Those women are Canadians.	那些女人是加拿大人
This isn't love.	这不是爱
Do you want to die here?	你想死在这里吗
I'm not married.	我单身
Is Tom afraid of dogs?	汤姆怕狗吗
I'm sleepy.	我困了
Bring me today's paper, please.	请帮我把今天的报纸带来
Tom knows you know.	汤姆知道你知道
How long does the airport bus take to the airport?	乘机场大巴去机场要多久
I don't drink or smoke.	我既不抽烟也不喝酒
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.	这艘船太大
Tom is afraid somebody will see him.	汤姆怕有人看到他
Who hired you?	谁雇了你
Continue working.	继续工作
Tom doesn't want anything to drink.	汤姆什么都不想喝
I've been reading this for a few hours.	我一直读这个读了几个小时
He wrote to me from time to time.	他有时会给我写信
I am amazed at your audacity.	我对你的大胆感到很惊讶
Tom broke three dishes.	汤姆打碎了三个盘子
If you don't know the way, ask a policeman.	要是不知道路的话去问警察吧
I won't talk to him anymore.	我不会再跟他说话了
Where is my dad?	我父亲在哪里
Tom began to learn French about three years ago.	汤姆大约三年前开始学法语
I don't believe in luck.	我不相信幸运
I wasn't aware that Tom was sick.	我还不知道汤姆生了病
Tom finally gave up smoking.	汤姆终于戒烟了
The rain prevented me from going out.	下雨使我无法出门
How about calling it a day?	今天就做到这里如何
I didn't call on him because I had a cold.	我没有拜访他
I found a taxi, but there was no driver inside.	我找到了一辆出租车
Has Tom broken something again?	汤姆又弄坏了什么东西吗
There are many endangered species.	有许多濒危物种
He has spent ten years in jail for murder.	他因为谋杀案在牢里待了十年
Tom is still in Boston.	汤姆还在波士顿
What would the world be like without women?	没有女人的话
Please shuffle the cards carefully.	请仔细洗牌
You should pay your rent in advance.	你应该提前付租金
He told me he would go to Venice.	他告诉过我他会去威尼斯
Someone is knocking on the door.	不知是谁在敲门
He has recovered from his bad cold.	他从重感冒中恢复了过来
How tall is your brother?	你的兄弟多高
What's your occupation?	您的职业是什么
I got lucky.	我运气很好
I understand.	我明白了
What time will you have breakfast?	你什么时候吃早餐
He is old enough to understand it.	他年纪够大可以了解它
You didn't need to hurry.	你不需要著急
My daughter loves jumping rope.	我妹妹酷爱跳绳
It's raining.	下雨了
The horse broke its neck when it fell.	马倒下时脖子断了
I have no time to read.	我没时间阅读
I made a mistake.	我搞错了
My brother became an engineer.	我哥哥成了一名工程师
December has thirty-one days.	十二月有三十一天
I'm very hungry.	我很饿
I've never been to my uncle's house.	我没去过我叔叔的房子
All you need to do is just sit here.	你要做的只是坐在这儿
I'm not jealous.	我不嫉妒
Some of the essays are very interesting.	这些文章中有一些非常有趣
He is likely to be late for school.	他上学很可能会迟到
This is really difficult to deal with.	这件事真难处理
You should get your hair cut.	你该理发了
The dog is blind in one eye.	那狗一只眼是瞎的
My plan is different from yours.	我的计划和你的不同
It's illegal to park your car here.	把车停在这里是违法的
Did you go to the supermarket?	你去过超市了吗
I think perhaps you're right.	我猜想你可能是对的
The well has run dry.	这口井干涸了
See you at the party.	在派对上见
She has never been to Hokkaido.	她从未去过北海道
I like running.	我喜欢跑步
We don't speak French.	我们不讲法语
We are staying at our uncle's.	我们待在舅舅家
If you're wrong, then I'm wrong, too.	如果你错了
It is no use talking with him.	跟他说话没用
He left for Europe a week ago, that is, on the tenth of May.	他在一周前离开去往欧洲
Tom was at home.	汤姆在家的
It doesn't surprise me.	这并不让我惊讶
When can you come to my home?	你什么时候能来我家
Tom doesn't even try to help Mary.	汤姆甚至没打算帮玛丽
We meet here once a week.	我们每周在这儿聚一次
Run like your life depends on it.	拼命地跑
Have a look at the world map.	来看看世界地图
I think we should change the topic.	我认为我们该换个题目
This is an exception to the rule.	这是一个例外
Just look at all this.	看看这一切
"Will he pass the examination?" "I am afraid not."	"	他会通过考试吗
He has a cold.	他着凉了
Your plan requires a large amount of money.	你的计划需要一大笔钱
Nobody had ever heard of it.	以前从来没有人听说过
He tried speaking French to us.	他试图跟我们说法语
Next time it'll be my turn to drive.	下次该轮到我开车了
I'm going to miss that.	我要失去它了
Do you like music?	你爱音乐吗
I recorded our conversation.	我录下了我们的谈话
Nothing remained in the refrigerator.	冰箱里什么都没剩下
I go to the movies every week.	我每周都去看电影
In case I can't come, I'll give you a call beforehand.	万一来不了
I thought we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.	我以为我们发现了绝妙的藏身之处
Could you take me to a movie?	你带我去看电影好吗
She's a stubborn girl.	她是个倔强的女孩
School begins at half past eight.	学校
He's a high school student.	他是一名高中学生
You must do it.	你必须去做
Tom picked up the knife.	汤姆拿起了刀
Tom became tired.	汤姆累了
He is a friendly person.	他是一个友善的人
This is where the accident happened.	这里就是事故发生的地方
You did a good job.	你干得很好
Can you hear me?	你听得见吗
This dress is a good bargain.	这条连衣裙很便宜
The school needed a new teacher.	学校需要一个新的老师
Turn the light on, please.	请开灯
I don't mind if the weather is hot.	天气热点儿没关系
Tom is a very good tennis player.	汤姆是一个非常好的网球选手
There is an urgent message for you.	你有一个紧急的讯息
He married a very pretty girl.	他娶了一个很漂亮的女孩
Come to my house this afternoon.	今天下午到我家来一趟
I wish they would stop fighting.	我希望他们会停止战斗
Please send me a letter.	请寄信给我
Animals are afraid of fire.	动物怕火
The population of Shanghai is as large as that of Tokyo.	上海的人口数量和东京相当
I can cook you something if you're hungry.	我会在你饿时给你做饭
I couldn't agree with you more.	我非常同意你
I asked him to open the window.	我请他把窗户打开
It is especially hot today.	今天特别热
Please give me some advice on what I should do.	请给我提提建议
Tom is three years younger than Mary.	汤姆比玛丽小三岁
We made friends with them.	我们与他们交朋友了
He does not come here every day.	他不是每天都来这
I can't resist sweet things.	我抵抗不了甜食的诱惑
There won't be a next time.	不会再有下次了
They arrived late because of the storm.	因为风暴
Do you know that hotel?	你知道这家旅馆吗
What do you have?	您有什么
Put your hands up!	手举起来
There's a cat under the table.	桌子下面有一只猫
I saw Tom.	我看见汤姆了
Don't tell anyone.	别跟任何人说哟
Which translation of this book do you think is better, the French one or the English one?	你觉得这本书的哪个译本比较好
He dressed up as a woman.	他打扮得像女人一样
We weren't making fun of you.	我们没有笑话你
When the phone rang, I was watching TV.	电话响的时候
I deleted my Facebook account.	我删除了我的
You nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil.	你的铅笔差点戳到我的眼睛了
She gave the blouse a quick wash.	她很快地把衬衫洗一洗
This is my friend.	这是我的朋友
Can you give me a discount?	你能给我折扣吗
My dog often lies on the grass.	我家的狗经常躺在草地上
I was waiting for a taxi.	我等着出租车
Tom doesn't pay much attention to how he dresses.	Tom	没有花费精力去打扮自己
Someone called.	有人打电话来
Let's meet in a week.	让我们一周后见
Alexander the Great died in Babylon.	亚历山大大帝死在巴比伦
You lied to me, didn't you?	你对我说了谎
Tom does not like cheese.	汤姆不喜欢乳酪
I was terribly confused by his question.	我对他的问题感到非常困惑
We have to obey the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
Tom, wake up.	汤姆
He made fun of me in public.	他在公共场合取笑了我
You and he are both very kind.	你和他都很友好
Tom, we have to talk.	汤姆
I don't remember much about that woman.	我对那位女士印象不深
Tom climbed over the wall.	汤姆爬上了墙
I had no time to eat.	我没有吃饭的时间
China is much bigger than Japan.	中国比日本大得多
Accidents happen.	事故发生
Do you have everything?	没有什么落下的吧
If you don't want to do it, you don't have to.	如果你不想的话也没问题
This may take a while.	这要花时间
I hid in the tall grass.	我躲在高草丛里了
There's nothing to prevent you from going.	没什么能阻止你出发了
I don't particularly like her.	我特别不喜欢她
His little brother is a famous soccer player.	他弟弟是个有名的足球选手
I can hope for a miracle, can't I?	我能期待奇迹
I often went fishing with him.	我经常和他去钓鱼
He had his head in the clouds in class.	他在课堂上心不在焉
Join us.	来加入我们吧
There was some chewing gum on the sole of Tom's shoe.	汤姆的鞋底粘了口香糖
She has an eye for antiques.	她看古董的眼光很好
I use Twitter.	我用
I have a few friends who speak French well.	我有一些法语说得好的朋友
She was almost hit by a car.	她几乎被车撞到
I want to emphasize this point in particular.	我想特别强调这一点
She has a gift for prophecy.	她有预言的能力
It's my belief that knowledge is power.	我相信
We want peace in the world.	我们希望世界和平
Thank you for telling me the truth.	谢谢你告诉我真相
Waiter, I'd like to order.	服务生
He is learning how to drive a car.	他正在学怎么开车
None of my friends drink coffee.	我的朋友都不喝咖啡
He is used to speaking in public.	他习惯在公众场合说话
Of course she passed the test.	当然
Hi, my name is Tom. What's your name?	你好
I like Tom's attitude.	我喜欢
He mistook me for my twin brother.	他把我误认为我的双胞胎兄弟
She was about to go out.	她正要出去
No one knows.	没有人知道
He has written a letter.	他写了一封信
I like to study foreign languages.	我喜欢学习外语
What if Tom says no?	汤姆说不行会怎样呢
Everything matters.	任何事情都是重要
There's an alley behind my house.	我家后面有条胡同
I feel like getting some fresh air.	我想要呼吸一些新鲜空气
I slept on the bus.	我在公交车上睡觉了
He died of lung cancer.	他死于肺癌
I'm not a doctor.	我不是医生
I could hardly hear him.	我几乎听不到他的声音
The town was full of activity.	小镇充满了活力
Tom likes to listen to music while he's doing his homework.	Tom	很喜欢一边听歌一边做作业
After climbing Mt. Fuji, I got the inspiration for a poem.	攀登富士山后
The house isn't occupied now.	房子现在没被占住
She has a husband and two daughters.	她有丈夫和两个女儿
I have some very good news.	我有一些非常好的消息
I studied in the morning during the summer vacation.	我在暑假里早晨学习
The accident took place on the highway.	事故发生在高速公路上
He has a nice income.	他收入可观
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.	这是我吃过的最好的餐馆之一
Is everything going OK at work?	工作一切顺利吗
She has been absent since last Wednesday.	从上周三起
We were friends.	我们是朋友
The train came on time.	火车准时到了
Tom doesn't have any friends who like camping.	汤姆没有喜欢露营的朋友
A large pillar obstructs the view of the lake.	巨大的柱子遮住了视线
I don't think that I really have a problem.	我不认为我真的有问题
Why don't you go home?	你为什么不回家呢
It is good to see you.	见到你真好
You may go.	你可以去了
I know that money isn't everything.	我知道金钱不代表一切
Would you be able to do it?	你能做到吗
It was before dawn that they got the fire under control.	他们在黎明前控制住了火势
There's no need to get so angry.	没有必要这么生气
You have good reason to be angry.	你有充分的理由生气
It's very hard getting a taxi in this city.	这个城市很难打到出租车
You'd better go to bed at once.	你最好立马去睡觉
He hasn't answered my letter yet.	他还没回我的信
You don't like love stories, do you?	你不喜欢爱情故事
This is an important event.	这是个重要事件
In the winter, many older people slip on ice and fall down.	在冬天有很多老人在冰上滑倒
Did you hear my show last night?	你听了我昨天晚上的节目吗
The conference ended at five.	会议在五点钟结束
Our house was robbed while we were away.	我们走开的时候
There's a problem there that you don't see.	有个问题你没有想到
I don't want to quit this job.	我不想辞去这份工作
Tell me what you want.	告诉我你要什么
I cried, too.	我也哭了
There was only one warden on duty when the riot started.	暴动开始时只有一位监狱长值班
I haven't smoked for ages.	我很久没有抽烟了
She showed us a beautiful hat.	她给我们看了一顶漂亮的帽子
Both Tom and his wife grew up in Australia.	汤姆和他的妻子都在澳大利亚长大
You should know better than to ask a lady her age.	你应该知道不要问小姐的年龄
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.	我母亲买了两瓶橙汁
Lips that touch liquor shall not touch mine.	碰过酒的嘴唇就别想碰我的唇
I really need a drink now.	我现在真需要来杯喝的
His lie got him into trouble when his boss discovered the truth.	当他老板发现真相的时候
Looks like today will be a long day.	看来今天会是漫长的一天啊
The truth can be more painful than a lie.	真相可能比谎言更令人痛苦
Tom sold Mary his car.	汤姆把他的汽车卖给了玛丽
Give me a chance to make you proud of me.	给我机会来让你为我感到自豪
Do you know Tom well?	你很了解汤姆吗
My father retired at the age of 65.	我的父亲
Tom has got his own problems.	汤姆有他自己的问题
Only adults may watch that film.	只有成人可以看那种电影
Are you going to visit any other countries?	你会去访问其他国家吗
You must leave now.	你现在必须离开
This coat fits you perfectly.	这件大衣十分适合你
Would you like sugar and milk?	你想要糖和奶吗
It was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success.	他很难掩饰对自己成功的骄傲
Does anybody have a pencil?	有谁有铅笔吗
Please wait a minute.	请稍等一下
Christmas is drawing near.	圣诞节快到了
Two adult tickets and three children's tickets to London, please.	请给我两张到伦敦的成人票
When he was a child, he would go fishing on Sundays.	他小时候
They have elected a new government.	他们选出了新政府
Water evaporates when it is heated.	当水被加热时
They can't see me.	他们看不见我
I was ill yesterday.	我昨天生病了
A cup of tea, please.	请给我一杯茶
Nice to meet you.	很高兴认识你
I wish to be a doctor.	我希望成为医生
He went there ten years ago.	他十年前去了那里
The planets revolve around the sun.	行星绕著太阳转
She likes jazz, and so do I.	她喜欢爵士乐
She is just as beautiful as her mother.	她跟她妈妈一样漂亮
Of course!	当然
She assigned the work to him.	她把这个工作派给他做
He bought himself a dog.	他给自己买了一只狗
One language is never enough.	一种语言是永远不够的
I can't focus on two things at the same time.	我不能同时注意两件事
After the revolution, France became a republic.	革命之后
I accepted her invitation.	我接受了她的邀请
Let me think for a while.	让我思考一下
She put the dirty dishes in the sink.	她把脏盘子放进水池里
We've lost them.	我们把他们跟丢了
You should go and brush your teeth.	你该去洗牙了
Both of them are in the room.	他们两个人都在房间里
He asked her where her mother was.	他问她她的母亲在哪里
This is my history notebook.	这是我的历史课笔记本
You should've come and talked to me.	你应该来跟我说
How did you spend your winter vacation?	你的寒假怎么过的
I don't remember where I bought it.	我想不起来我在哪儿买的了
Tom overslept.	汤姆睡过头了
He won't make it to old age.	他不会长寿
Tom said he was sick.	汤姆说他病了
Why should I take the time to do that?	我凭什么花时间做这事
Mary and I are in the same class.	Marie	和我同班
You should begin with easier questions.	你应该先从最简单的问题开始
Feel free to get yourself a drink if you are thirsty.	觉得渴了就喝点
All my friends will be there.	我所有的朋友都会到那儿
Stay here with Tom.	留在这和汤姆在一起
Is there anyone in the room?	屋里有人吗
I had no idea Tom was not happy.	我不知道汤姆不开心
Please come as soon as possible.	请尽快过来
This is the best pizza I've ever eaten.	这是我吃过的最好的比萨
It seems that he knows everything.	看起来他什么都知道
Can I call you Tom?	我可以叫您汤姆吗
I need to get to bed.	我该去睡觉了
He leaves for school at seven.	他七点钟去学校
I don't like novels without heroes.	我不喜欢没有英雄的小说
She doesn't like people who aren't punctual.	她不喜欢不守时的人
Please come back home.	请回家
I let Tom watch a little TV after he finished his homework.	我让
He tiptoed so no one heard him.	他踮著脚尖走
He bored us with his long stories.	他长长的故事让我们觉得厌烦了
I went on reading.	我继续阅读
He had hoped to succeed, but he didn't.	他本希望可以成功
She can do both at the same time.	她可以同时做这两件事
I hope I'm not disturbing you.	我希望没打扰到你吧
What's wrong with that?	那有什么不好
She has already left the office.	她已经离开了办公室
It's impossible to go out now.	现在不可能出去
Part of his story is true.	他的故事一部分是真的
The problem is Tom.	问题是汤姆
The air conditioner doesn't work.	空调故障了
Get up early in the morning.	早上要早起
He has no sense of humor.	他没有任何幽默感
I'm going to meet him tomorrow.	我明天要跟他见面
There was nothing that the doctors could do.	医生甚么也做不了
We managed to get there on time.	我们总算准时到那里了
Do I have to go to the party?	我需要去派对吗
What time does it start?	什么时候开始
That's my dictionary.	那是我的字典
She's wearing a hat.	她戴著一顶帽子
I'd like you to tell me the truth.	我想要你把真相告诉我
The rain stopped us from being able to play tennis outside.	由于下雨
Tom knows what he has to do.	汤姆知道他该做什么
He made an important discovery.	他有了一个重要的发现
I'm going to the airport.	我去机场
You ought not to go out.	你不应该出门
That was fast.	太快了
Is your child a boy or a girl?	您的孩子是男是女
I heard someone call my name.	我听见有人叫我的名字
What's your opinion on that?	关于那个你有什么看法
We overslept.	我们睡过头了
I want to talk with your uncle.	我想跟你叔叔谈谈
Dear Santa, I want a girlfriend for Christmas.	圣诞老人
You should've started by now.	你早就该开始了
I take a walk every day except when it rains.	除了雨天我每天都散步
He took me to the park yesterday.	昨天他带我去公园
When will the world come to an end?	世界末日是什么时候
Who buys this type of art?	谁买这种艺术品
Thank you for baking this delicious cake.	谢谢你烤的美味蛋糕
Tom and Mary have a lot in common.	汤姆和玛丽有很多共同点
Your problems don't concern me.	你的问题和我没有关系
They ruined my life.	他们把我的生活毁了
Ask me something easier.	问我简单些的
Tom is coming to our school tomorrow.	汤姆明天会来我们的学校
There's no use crying over spilt milk.	为打翻的牛奶而哭泣是没用的
I know that you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?	我知道你已经等很久了
You've gained weight, haven't you?	你的体重增加了
Tom went out for a walk with his dog.	汤姆带他的狗出去走
Here's the bill.	这是账单
I think I left my wallet at home.	我想我把钱包放家里了
She proceeded with the work.	她继续工作
I have an opinion.	我有一个意见
Did you give the key to Tom?	你把钥匙给汤姆了吗
She spoke through an interpreter.	她透过传译员发言
That music is worth listening to many times.	这音乐值得听许多次
She especially likes music.	她特别喜爱音乐
I think we've found what we were looking for.	我认为我们找到要找的东西了
Tom says you can fix anything.	汤姆说
You hate Tom, don't you?	你恨汤姆
It's getting warmer every day.	每天都在变暖
That's not what I told Tom.	那不是我对汤姆说的
He threw a piece of meat to a dog.	他丢了块肉给一条狗
This is my new guitar.	这是我的新吉他
Did you do your homework by yourself?	你自己做回家作业的吗
She whispered something into his ear.	她在他耳边低声说话
This isn't good.	这不好
Could I have another glass of beer?	我可以再喝一杯啤酒吗
I wish I were taller.	我希望我比较高
On Mondays, he's always at home.	他星期一总是在家
Tom is deceitful.	汤姆是个骗子
Write down the medicine you need on this piece of paper.	将你需要的药物写在这张纸上
He didn't show up at the party.	他没有在派对上出现
How lucky you are!	您运气多好啊
We are going to climb that mountain.	我们将要去爬那座山
I'm really looking forward to it.	我很期待哦
This is a kind of watermelon.	这是一种西瓜
I know.	我知道
He's a regular at the bars and pubs around here.	他是这里附近酒吧和酒馆的常客
I talked with Tom.	我和汤姆说了话
Tom and Mary have been here for three hours.	汤姆和玛丽已经在这里待了三个小时
I want to drink something cold.	我想喝冷饮
Would you like some more tea?	您想再来点茶吗
There are some boys under the tree.	树下有一些男孩
No matter how hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.	无论我多么努力尝试
"I think so, too," she chimed in.	“	我也那样觉得
The reporter criticized the politician.	记者批评了政治家
We want candy.	我们想要糖
Do you drink a lot of milk?	你喝很多牛奶吗
I am able to drive a car.	我会开车
My father is in the hospital now.	我父亲现在在医院
The station is two miles away.	车站离这里两英里远
My father is a bit old-fashioned.	我爸爸有点守旧
He pressed the button and waited.	他按下按钮然后等待著
If he were a little younger, he would be eligible for the post.	如果他年轻一点
I was asked to show my passport at the border.	在边境上
Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he did that.	汤姆不会告诉玛丽他做那件事的真实原因
These toys are suitable for girls.	这些玩具适合女生
I've got nothing to hide.	我没什么可隐藏
A stranger came into the building.	一个陌生人进了大楼
She hung the calendar on the wall.	她把日历挂在墙上了
She wept bitterly.	她痛哭
I saw Liz this morning.	今天早上我看到了利兹
Why are you accusing my son?	您为什么指责我儿子
My brother loves taking pictures of mountains.	我弟弟很喜欢拍山的照片
I have no friends to help me.	我没朋友帮我
You don't have to buy anything right now.	您现在不必购买任何东西
The English alphabet has 26 letters.	英文有二十六个字母
They have been here since 1989.	他们自
We enjoyed watching the fireworks on a bridge last summer.	去年夏天
I'll have the same.	给我来一份一样的
I have to stay home.	我得留在家
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.	有人拿错了我的鞋
I gather that they'll agree with us.	我猜想他们会同意我们的
That isn't my wife.	这不是我的妻子
There's been a death in his family.	他的家不幸有人身亡
How about dining out tonight?	我们今晚出去吃怎么样
This song makes me homesick.	这首歌让我想家了
How much was your new computer?	这台电脑你用多少钱买的
I told you never to come here again.	我告诉过你不要再来这里了
My little brother ran through the living room stark naked.	我弟弟全身光溜溜地跑过客厅
Enthusiasm is contagious.	热情具有传染性
Where's the kitchen?	厨房在哪
This chair is light.	这把椅子很轻
Have you ever been robbed?	你被抢劫过吗
Doing that is simply out of the question.	根本不可能做那件事
A truck was standing in the middle of the road.	路中间有一辆卡车
To tell the truth, I don't agree with you.	实话说
We didn't know what to do next.	我们不知道下一步要做什么
I have to go to sleep.	我该去睡觉了
You're terrible.	你真坏
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."	“	洞里发生了什么
Do you have a smartphone?	你有手机吗
What do you think of that?	你认为如何
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan every year.	每年有成千上万的外国人访问日本
They got married and settled near Boston.	他们结了婚并定居在波士顿附近
I think we should be able to go wherever we want to.	我认为我们应该能去我们想去的地方
The cost of living has gone up.	生活费提高了
Take care.	保重
I like going to watch baseball.	我喜欢去看棒球
She expressed her feelings for nature in a poem.	她通过一首诗表达了她对大自然的感受
My income has decreased ten percent.	我的收入减少了百分之十
I was watching TV when the phone rang.	电话响的时候
Tom drove the car.	汤姆开的车
You people can't help yourselves.	你们这些人管不住自己
He'll be here around four o'clock.	他会在四点左右到达这里
Tom's good, but not good enough.	汤姆好
Where did you go that night?	那天晚上你在哪里
I think that's not true.	我认为那不是真的
It looks good.	看起来不错
Tom and Mary came to an understanding.	汤姆和玛丽达成了协议
Keep it secret, please.	请保密
Everyone seems tense.	每个人似乎都很紧张
This case might not get resolved for a while.	这个案件可能不会在短时间内就解决
She looked sad.	她看上去很伤心
She has a pure heart.	她有一颗纯洁的心
Tom doesn't understand what Mary is trying to say.	汤姆不理解玛丽想说什么
Thank you for coming, Tom.	感谢你的到来
I swim once a week.	我每周游一次泳
I had fun last night.	昨晚我玩得开心
My father didn't eat much fruit.	我父亲没有吃很多的水果
We don't care what he does.	我们不在乎他做什么
The school is on the hill.	学校在小丘上面
Call me if you need anything.	需要什么就给我打电话
Express yourself as clearly as possible.	尽可能明确地表达你自己
Won't you have some coffee?	你不要点咖啡吗
My brother is good at mathematics.	我哥哥擅长数学
Winter is coming soon.	冬季快来了
Did they buy the juice?	他们有买果汁吗
My parents have gone to the airport to see my uncle off.	我父母去机场送我叔叔了
He is not a teacher but a doctor.	他不是老师
Can I have a bite?	我可以吃一口吗
She spends her leisure time making dolls.	她利用空闲时间做布娃娃
He made himself heard across the room.	他让对面的房间都能听到他的声音
It's up to you to decide.	由你来决定
That's absolutely right.	那是绝对正确的
That wasn't too bad.	那不太坏
When will it begin?	什么时候开始
I'd like to know what happened to Tom.	我想知道汤姆怎么了
Can't you do something to help me?	你不能做些事来帮助我吗
Do you eat pasta?	你吃意面吗
"Is he going to swim tomorrow?" "Yes, he is."	“	他明天去游泳吗
I walked to school.	我走路到学校
Tell her that I am watching the news.	跟她说我正在看新闻
Please give me a cup of water.	请给我一杯水
I don't want the present Tom gave me.	我不想要汤姆给我的礼物
These paintings are different sizes.	这些画的尺寸不一样
I'll leave this work to you.	我会把这个工作留给你
Is he still interested?	他还有兴趣吗
You're absolutely right.	你完全是对的
The bus doesn't always come on time.	巴士不总是能准点到达
I read the novel in three days.	那部小说我看了三天
We have a big supermarket.	我们有一个大超市
That wasn't my intent.	这不是我的初衷
This doesn't seem normal to me.	我看这不正常
I like tea.	我喜欢茶
I'll stay until tomorrow.	我会留到明天
How do you know about that?	你为什么会知道
I wonder why I shouldn't do that.	我纳闷我为什么不该那样做
Don't quit your day job.	别辞掉你的正职
Tom set the bird free.	Tom	将鸟放走
I asked her to wait a moment.	我请她等一会儿
Please feel free to ask questions.	欢迎随时提问
You work hard.	你工作努力
It's your favorite song.	它是你最喜欢的歌
Try to make the most of your time.	尽量试着用好你的时间
You know as well as I do that Tom hates Mary.	你我都知道汤姆恨玛丽
Sometimes I can't help myself.	有时候我控制不住自己
The moon is the earth's only satellite.	月球是地球唯一的卫星
Hand me my towel.	帮我递一下毛巾
There is a fence around the house.	这栋房子的周围有篱笆
She was making tea.	她正在泡茶
I've heard this joke before.	我以前听过这笑话
Thanks for telling me the truth.	感谢告诉我真相
The lake is deep here.	这个湖在这个地方很深
He grows tomatoes in his garden.	他在他的花园种番茄
I am tall.	我个子高
I didn't go to school last month.	我上个月没上学
Why is Tom still at school?	为什么汤姆还在学校
The first step is the hardest.	万事开头难
I agree with what you say to some extent.	在某种程度上
Are you going to stay long?	您会待很久吗
Were you happy?	你开心吗
We're conservative.	我们很保守
Do you really want to move to Boston?	你真想搬去波士顿
He's the boy we spoke about the other day.	他是前几天我们谈到的那个男孩
I've always distrusted Tom.	我一直不信任汤姆
Please allow me to go.	请允许我去
I am not married.	我没有结婚
Why don't we get out of here?	我们为什么不离开这里
I want to talk to your uncle.	我想和你的舅舅谈一谈
Spring is just around the corner.	春天快来了
It is difficult for me to answer the question.	这个问题对我来讲很难回答
I don't think we'd have any chance of winning.	我认为我们没有机会赢
It's been ten years since we last met.	我们离上次见面有十年了
Where's the telephone book?	电话簿在哪里
I don't like either tea or coffee.	我不喜欢茶也不喜欢咖啡
I still can't speak French.	我还是不会说法语
Who else uses this room?	还有谁用这个房间
The soup is thick.	汤很稠
That's really nice.	真好
I think you should leave as soon as you can.	我觉得你应该赶紧走
I don't think we can wait any longer.	我认为我们不能再等了
Why is my Internet connection so slow?	我的网怎么会这么慢
He only had 100 dollars.	他只有
He thought that it was like a bird cage.	他认为这像个鸟笼
I'm not going to tell you until I tell Tom.	我在告诉汤姆之前不会告诉你
I'm sure I can find something for you to do.	我确定我能找点给你做的事
I am leaving next week.	我下个星期离开
I have nothing to say.	我没什么可说的
Tom went into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee.	汤姆进了厨房
She has been dead for ten years.	她已经死了十年了
The boy got his hands dirty.	这个男孩把他的手弄脏了
He mistook me for an Englishman.	他误以为我是一个英国人
The accident happened near his home.	事故发生在他家附近
Come and see me tomorrow.	明天来看看我
I didn't know Tom was going to tell us what to do.	我不知道汤姆会告诉我们该怎么做
Her mother knocked on the door.	她的母亲敲门
My neighbor renovated her house completely.	我的邻居把她的屋子翻新了一遍
A light bulb gives light.	灯泡发光
For what purpose?	为了什么目的
I couldn't understand him at first.	起初我听不懂他说的话
Those records are not accessible to the public.	这些记录不对公众开放
If you want to, call me this afternoon.	如果你想的话
Hurry up.	赶快
How much is this camera?	这部相机多少钱
I'll leave that to you.	我会留给你
I want you to meet my parents.	我想让你见见我的父母
She insulted him.	她侮辱了他
Do you know how to speak English?	你知道怎么说英语吗
Ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids.	埃博拉通过体液在人与人之间传播
Tom was sitting alone at one of the tables near the door.	汤姆独自坐在门边一个桌子旁
Don't forget to put the fire out.	不要忘了熄火
Dozens of young people attended the demonstration.	几十个年轻人参加了示威游行
Those tulips are beautiful.	那些郁金香很美丽
It's impolite to stare at people.	盯著人看是不礼貌的
Who invented that?	那是谁发明的
I think Tom is still alive.	我认为汤姆还活著
Hang on!	坚持
My sister became a college student.	我妹妹成为了一个大学生
He sang a song.	他唱了一首歌
Please take a deep breath.	请深吸一口气
We've got plenty of time.	我们有充足的时间
Tom is a good golfer.	汤姆是个不错的高尔夫球手
The dog saved the girl's life.	这只狗救了这个小女孩的命
She's really smart, isn't she?	她真的很聪明
Tom told me that he didn't want to go with us.	汤姆告诉我他不想跟我们走
Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping.	那些说钱不能买来幸福的人
I am afraid of death.	我怕死
Our train leaves at eight-thirty.	我们的火车在八点半出发
It may occur at any moment.	它随时有可能发生
It's important to read books.	读书很重要
Whose car is this?	这是谁的车
Feel this. It's really soft.	来摸摸这个感觉一下
What are you doing here?	你在这里做什么
Where is the bathroom?	洗手间在哪里
We lost the game.	我们比赛输了
Please call me between seven and eight.	请在
What size shoes do you wear?	你穿几号的鞋子
Kiss me.	吻我
I collect foreign coins.	我收集外国硬币
I'm interested in palm reading.	我对掌上阅读很感兴趣
This medicine will make you feel better.	这药会让你好受点
He arrived after I had left.	我走之后他到达了
Our native language is Japanese.	我们的母语是日语
It's actually not that difficult.	实际上没有那么难
You walk too fast for me to keep up with you.	你走得太快我跟不上
He asked me what I had bought.	他问我买了什么
You should drive at a safe speed.	你应该以安全速度驾驶
Did you buy it on the black market?	你是在黑市上买的它吗
What horrible weather!	多么糟糕的天气啊
He's rich, but he's not happy.	虽然他很有钱
Someone's knocking at the door.	有人在敲门
All of my friends like soccer.	我所有的朋友都喜欢足球
I didn't get your name.	我没听清楚你的名字
I like your truck.	我喜欢你的卡车
There used to be a store right here.	这里以前有个商店
I'd like you to keep this a secret.	我希望你对此保密
My elbow still hurts.	我的手肘还在痛
Could you get me some tea?	能来点茶吗
We had a heated discussion about it.	我们激烈的讨论了这个问题
Tom didn't come home last night. I hope he's OK.	昨晚汤姆没有回家
She loves Tom, not me.	她爱汤姆
I'll be seventeen next year.	我明年
I don't procrastinate as much as I used to.	我不像我以前那么拖延了
She understands you now.	她现在了解你
I have a daughter.	我有一个女儿
I'm praying.	我在祈祷
This sofa can seat three people easily.	这张沙发起码可以坐三个人
Will you please show me the way?	请您给我指一指路好吗
I'll eat here.	我会在这里吃饭
Tom asked Mary where her mother was.	汤姆问玛丽她妈在哪
Your wife is mad at you.	你太太在生你的气
She greeted him waving her hand.	她挥著手向他打招呼
"What should I do?" I said to myself.	“	我该做什么呢
Well begun is half done.	有好的开始
She said she was happy.	她说了她很幸福
Aren't you cold?	你不冷吗
What subjects do you like best?	你最喜欢什么科目
We'll have to do that, too.	我们也不得不做
An unforgettable event occurred.	一场令人难忘的事件发生了
Yours is over there.	你的在那儿呢
I want this telephone.	我想要这部电话
That's the village I was born in.	这就是我出生的村庄
Tom put a lot of honey on his toast.	汤姆往他的吐司上放了许多蜂蜜
I can open the window.	我可以打开这扇窗
What happened to you last night?	昨晚你发生了什么事
I was bored with his speech.	他的演讲让我很无聊
Tom says he doesn't think Mary needed to do that.	汤姆说他不觉得玛丽要去做那件事
She is having lunch now.	她现在正在吃午餐
Take a deep breath, please.	请深呼吸
He is confronted by many difficulties.	他面临著许多困难
Everyone was okay.	大家都还行
How much was it?	多少钱
Did you see him go out?	你看到他出去了吗
Many accidents resulted from the icy conditions of the road.	道路结冰导致了很多起事故
It is hard for me to believe this.	我觉得这难以置信
Tom said that Mary wasn't injured.	汤姆说玛丽没有受伤
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.	太阳从东边升起
He knows how to captivate his audience.	他知道如何去吸引他的听众
He will be back in a second.	他很快就会回来
I guess that's how Tom found me.	我猜那就是汤姆找到我的方法
I have a cow.	我有一头母牛
That'll put you in danger.	那将会使你处于危险
It's cool this morning, isn't it?	今天上午很凉爽
I want this work completed by two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.	明天下午
Tom has failed.	汤姆失败了
I'm grateful for what Tom did.	我很感激汤姆所做的
School begins at 8:30 a.m.	学校在上午八点三十分开始上课
Every morning she helps her mother to prepare breakfast in the kitchen.	她每天早上都帮母亲在厨房准备早餐
How does this work?	这是怎么运行的
I think this is true.	我想这是真的
I thought that, too.	我也是这么想的
No comment.	无可奉告
Tom isn't very strict about it.	汤姆对此不严格
What time did you go to sleep yesterday?	你昨天几点睡的
It's really hot here in the summer.	这里夏天非常热
Everything seems OK.	一切看上去正常
I heard her singing a song.	我听到她唱歌
Mary is going to help us tomorrow.	玛丽明天会来帮我们
We forgive you.	我们原谅你
I wonder how many Canadians live in Boston.	我在想有多少加拿大人住在波士顿
Stop talking.	不要说话了
Could you show me this bag?	你能给我看看这个包吗
Maybe you'll succeed.	也许你会成功
She is now staying at her uncle's house.	她现在正待在她叔叔家
Tom abandoned hope.	汤姆放弃了希望
How did he find us?	他怎么找到我们的
I hope he will wait for me.	我希望他会等我
Tom asked if I'd found my key.	汤姆问我找到我的钥匙了吗
The x-ray showed two broken fingers.	X	光片显示两根手指断了
I don't like big cities.	我不喜欢大城市
My father works at a factory.	我爸在工厂工作
Tom undressed and got into bed.	汤姆脱光睡觉了
I've heard you've been sick.	我听说你病了
She traveled all over the world.	她周游世界各地
The guests are in the kitchen.	客人们在厨房里
What's wrong, honey?	出什么事了
Everyone here is afraid of you.	这里每一个人都害怕你
What did you do with those books?	你用那些书做什么
Take as much as you like.	你爱拿多少就拿多少
I think that it's OK.	我想没关系
My son is engaged to his secretary.	我的儿子和他的秘书订婚了
They will arrive a week from today.	他们将于下个星期的今天抵达
This is where I want to live for the rest of my life.	这里是我余生想待的地方
It's time to go.	是该离开的时候了
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.	一个醉了的男人在长椅上睡觉
He works hard all the year round.	他一年到头努力工作
He's shorter than Tom.	他比汤姆矮
If you want a pencil, I'll lend you one.	如果你需要铅笔
They moved here two years ago.	他们两年前搬到了这里
This is Greek to me.	看起来像天书
How much will it be?	这个几块
I said it might rain.	我说了可能要下雨
He is no fool.	他不是傻子
His room was covered with dust.	他的房间布满了灰尘
Preventive measures are much more effective than the actual treatment.	预防措施比真正的治疗更有效
He left the book on the table.	他在桌子上留下了这本书
What happened here?	这儿发生了什么事
I am a member of the tennis club.	我是网球俱乐部的会员
You don't have to wait until the end.	你没必要待到最后
Can I come over?	我能去你那吗
Don't worry, I'll help you.	不要担心
It'll cost around ten thousand yen.	这将花费约
My hometown is very pretty.	我的家乡非常漂亮
What's happened?	怎么了
How long were you in jail?	你在监狱里呆了多久
I need your cooperation.	我需要你们的合作
Do you understand?	懂了吗
Tell me the correct answer.	告诉我正确的答案
So what will you do in the afternoon?	您下午做啥呢
They say that she was born in Germany.	他们说她是在德国出生的
I don't have the slightest idea.	我没有丝毫的想法
Are you sure Tom is happy?	你确定汤姆高兴吗
What would you like to eat?	你们想吃什么
Did you notice Tom's hair?	你注意到汤姆的头髪了吗
I got my notebook stolen.	有人把我的笔记本电脑偷掉了
I'm not as optimistic as you.	我不像你那么乐观
What was it that you gave him?	你给了他什么
I don't know about you, but I'm starving.	我不知道你怎么样
Tom talked with Mary yesterday.	汤姆昨天和玛丽说话了
Would you like to leave a message?	你要留言吗
It has nothing to do with you.	不关你的事
Tom can't cross the border.	Tom	没办法穿过边界
Remember to buy mayonnaise.	记得买蛋黄酱
I wish that Tom would go home.	我希望汤姆回家
Tom admitted to spilling the red wine.	Tom	承认了他摔了红酒
Let's discuss it.	一起讨论吧
I just couldn't say no.	我就是不能说不
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America?	有没有一个国家比美国更提倡爱国主义
You may choose any of them.	你可以选择他们之中的任何一个
I never want to leave Boston.	我从不想离开波士顿
He made his way to the room.	他走进了房间
These boxes are made of plastic.	这些箱子是由塑料制成的
I wrote a letter to my mother.	我写了一封信给我的母亲
He got a broken jaw and lost some teeth.	他磕碎了下巴
I can't afford that.	我买不起那个
Do you know much about art?	你对艺术很了解吗
I know the boy standing over there.	我知道站在那里的那个男孩
Tom saw Mary crying.	汤姆看见玛丽在哭
Pass me the butter, please.	请把奶油递给我
We may never know.	我们可能永远不知道
He told me an interesting story.	他告诉了我一个有趣的故事
Everyone, please be quiet.	各位
I owe you so much.	我欠你这么多
Let's shake hands.	让我们握手吧
Don't you ever clean your room?	你从不清扫你的房间吗
Where's the nearest telephone booth?	最近的电话亭在哪里
Give it back.	还回去
Aren't you a musician?	你不是音乐家
You can't come in with this.	你不能跟我们进来
This clock isn't working.	这表不走了
I met him while I was coming home.	当我回家时
If it had not been for your help, I couldn't have completed the work.	如果不是因为有你的帮助
It was time to leave.	是时候离开了
I'm a good guy.	我是一个好人
I had lost a camera the previous day.	我前一天丢了一台相机
Do you believe in ghosts?	你相信有鬼魂吗
She gave away all her dresses.	她把她所有的洋装都送人
I'd like a nonstop flight to New York.	我想要一个直飞纽约的航班
He is not likely to succeed.	他不可能成功
Please tell me what you think.	请告诉我你的想法
More often than not, she had to go in person.	很多时候她要亲自去
Are you satisfied now?	你现在满意了吗
Tom is a man of few wants.	汤姆是个寡欲的人
I went shopping last Saturday.	上周六我去购物
Our school is near the station.	我们学校在车站的附近
I can't find the knife.	我找不到刀
What happened to you yesterday?	你昨天发生了什么事
Let's play.	让我们玩耍吧
I'm sorry I didn't call.	我很抱歉我没有打电话
The answer misses the point.	回答偏了
It's your book.	它是你的书
I've got a boat.	我有一艘小船
Are you carrying a lot of money?	你身上有很多钱吗
If Tom is really alive, where is he?	如果汤姆真的活着
Give Tom back his money.	把汤姆的钱还给他
Why were you so scared?	你为什么这么害怕
I'm counting on you.	我就指望你了
There's only one store on the island.	在这个岛上只有一家商店
Tom was there this morning.	汤姆早上去过那里
Do you have a temperature?	你发烧了吗
What steps should we take?	我们应该走出什么样的步伐
You're a month behind in your rent.	你的租金迟交了一个月
We often hear you sing.	我们经常听到你唱歌
When I go on vacation, I'll rent a car.	去度假的时候我要租辆车
How are you getting along these days?	最近过得怎样
I will write to you soon.	我会尽快写信给你
I'm sure they'll win.	我相信他们会赢
What are you crying for?	你为什么哭
The teacher can't have said such a thing.	老师不可能说过这样的事
I don't know for certain.	我不太确定
I didn't mean that.	我没有那个意思
I took off my wig.	我摘下了假发
I've seen it with my own eyes.	我亲眼见到了它
Tom probably knows where we can get something to eat around here.	汤姆应该知道这附近哪里有东西吃
When did you get back from your trip?	你什么时候旅游回来的啊
What exactly happened to you?	你到底怎么回事啊
Have you been eating?	你在吃东西吗
I need advice.	我需要些建议
Do you have a better explanation?	你有更好的理由吗
Are you on Facebook?	你在脸书上吗
Tom is in the house.	汤姆在这栋房子里
I'll see you next month.	我下个月会来看你
Since my mother was sick, I stayed home from school.	既然母亲病了
Tom told me he didn't win.	汤姆告诉我他没赢
I'd like to see your sister.	我想见你的姐姐
I've just had lunch.	我刚吃过午饭
It's snowing outside.	外面在下雪
That's too bad.	多遗憾啊
Like a good wine, he improves with age.	就像上好的红酒一样
I think that what you're doing is wrong.	我觉得你正在做的是错的
I don't worry about the risk.	我不担心风险
I always dreamed of being a billionaire.	我总是梦想著成为亿万富翁
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.	山坡上有一间村屋
You look like you're confused.	你看起来有困惑
There's no money left in my bank account.	我的银行账户里没留下钱
I can neither confirm nor deny that.	我既不能确认也不能否定
I had a flu shot.	我接种了流感疫苗
I got acquainted with the chief executive.	我认识了这位行政长官
She's in the restroom.	她在上厕所
I've had a good sleep.	我睡得很好
What're you laughing at?	在笑什么呢
He is not as smart as his older brother.	他不像他的兄长那样聪明
Tom glanced at the clock on the wall.	汤姆瞥了墙上的表一眼
I'm thirty.	我三十岁
I'm really sorry about what happened last night.	我对昨天晚上发生的事情感到非常的抱歉
A lot of students around the world are studying English.	世界上许多学生正在学习英语
What color is your car?	你的车什么颜色
Will I be the only one going to the party?	会不会只有我一个人去聚会
We like music.	我们喜欢音乐
We can't escape.	我们逃不出去
Young children are often fascinated by science.	小孩常常对科学很有热情
Tom swims.	Tom	游泳
I don't think I've ever made any serious mistakes.	我认为我没犯任何严重的错误
My grandmother made me a new dress.	我的祖母做了一套新衣服给我
My parents have just arrived at the station.	我的父母刚刚到达车站
My plan is to study in Australia.	我的计划是去澳洲念书
You have to leave home at six.	你必须在六点钟时从家中出发
They're afraid of us.	他们害怕我们
Tom climbed down from the tree.	汤姆从树上爬了下来
Tom refused to pay the bill.	汤姆拒绝付账
I have absolute trust in you.	我绝对信任你
It seems that you're not having a good time here.	好像你们在这儿玩得不愉快啊
"Look," she said.	“	看啊
He hid himself behind the door.	他藏到了门后
She's about the same height as you.	她大概跟你一样高
Tom likes to play baseball.	汤姆喜欢打棒球
Take care when you cross a busy road.	当你穿越交通繁忙的街道时要小心注意
Yesterday he came back late.	昨天他回来晚了
How much is this?	这个几块
I think what you say is true.	我相信你说的是真的
There is a park near my house.	我家附近有一个公园
I have to find a part-time job.	我得找一份兼职工作
Tom was never very good at swimming.	汤姆从来不擅长游泳
She went to the museum by taxi.	她搭计程车去博物馆了
I was quite hungry.	我很饿
Give me five more minutes.	再给我五分钟
Today is one of my friends' birthday.	今天是我一个朋友的生日
Their losses reached one million yen.	他们的损失到达了一百万日圆
He tried to speak French to us.	他试著跟我们讲法语
Tom wants to know if you have time to help him.	Tom	想知道你是否有时间帮助他
She got on a bus for Harajuku.	她搭上了去原宿的巴士
Tom helped Mary move the furniture.	汤姆帮玛丽移动家具
They are watching what's happening closely.	他们在仔细观看发生了什么
Were you serious about that?	你对那是认真的吗
You should have accepted his advice.	你本应该接受他的建议
It was a quiet winter's evening.	这是个静谧的冬夜
He carved a Buddha statue from wood.	他用一块木头刻出一尊佛像
It can't be true.	那不可能是真的
Who else knows about it?	还有谁知道它
How late did you stay at the party last night?	昨晚的派对你待到多晚
He is a doctor.	他是医生来的
Tom is still upset.	汤姆还是不安
I felt comfortable.	我感觉很舒服
It is really cheap.	它真的很便宜
Tom advised me not to buy a secondhand car.	汤姆建议我不要买二手车
If I had taken that plane, I would be dead now.	要是我坐了那架飞机的话
I'm a night owl.	我是个夜猫子
His clothes always smell bad.	他的衣服总是很臭
Are there any famous musicians on the stage?	舞台上有著名音乐家吗
Turn the flame down low.	把火转小一点
You're a good driver.	你开车很好
My zipper got stuck.	我的拉链卡住了
He was laughed at by his friends.	他被他的朋友们取笑了
How long can I borrow this book?	这本书我能借多久
She scolded her son for being lazy.	她骂她的儿子懒惰
You're the smartest person I know.	你是我所知道的最聪明的人
English is studied in Japan.	英语在日本被学习
I used to play alone when I was a child.	我小时候常常独自玩耍
That's no big deal.	那没什么大不了的
Don't ever touch my things again.	不要再碰我的东西
My mother is making a cake.	我的母亲在做蛋糕
She pressed the switch.	她按了开关
Haven't we met before?	我们以前没见过吗
How do you say "I love you" in French?	“	我爱你
She knows your mother very well.	她对你的母亲很熟悉
Use a dictionary to find the meanings of the phrases below.	用字典查出下面词组的意思
Tom was never happy.	汤姆从不高兴
My brother is a high school student.	我哥哥是个高中生
The space race was an exciting time in history.	太空跑步是历史上激动人心的时刻
What a pity!	真是太可惜了
I am accustomed to working hard.	我习惯辛勤努力地工作
Does this book belong to you?	这是你的书吗
My dog follows me wherever I go.	无论我去哪里
He was very good at playing tennis.	他网球打得很好
I'm fixing the washing machine.	我在修洗衣机
In case of fire, dial 119.	遇到火灾打
Tell me again.	重新告诉我
I didn't ask Tom for help.	我没有找
Have you read this book already?	你读过这本书了吗
Fresh fruit is good for your health.	新鲜的水果对你的健康有益
There are a lot of new buildings here now.	这里现在有了许多新建筑
I understand how you feel.	我明白你的感觉
Tom hasn't said a word all morning.	汤姆整整一个上午一句话也没说
It doesn't make sense to me.	这对于我来说没任何意义
No one else was hurt.	没有别的人受伤
The fox and the bear lived together.	这只狐狸和这只熊一起生活了
I'll provide you with all the necessary information.	我会给你所有必要的信息
The news made her happy.	这消息让她很高兴
He still hasn't answered my letter.	他还没回我的信
What do you usually do after dinner?	你通常晚饭后做什么
Tom saw you.	汤姆看见你了
Tom has already been told to leave Mary alone.	汤姆已经被告知别再打搅玛丽了
What did you major in at college?	你大学时主修什么
I bought a dozen pencils today.	我今天买了一打铅笔
Tom ripped up the letter.	汤姆把信撕碎了
Do you have some?	你有吗
I agree with that.	我同意
What do you think should be done about it?	你觉得对此该做什么
How did you come by this money?	用这些钱你怎么来的
Tom sketched a picture of an elephant for Mary.	汤姆给玛丽画了大象的素描
Tom drank heavily.	汤姆喝得很多
I want to rent a car.	我想要租车
Tom is one of the kindest people I know.	汤姆是我知道的最好的人之一
I've just finished breakfast.	我刚吃完了早饭
Everyone wants to meet you. You're famous!	大家都想见到你
You'd better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.	以防下雨你最好带把伞
The Swiss consume a large amount of beer.	瑞士人消耗不少啤酒
Tom knew Mary wouldn't let him down.	汤姆知道玛丽不会让他失望
He wrote a letter.	他写了一封信
Tom's mother is a nurse at the hospital that's across the street from where Mary lives.	汤姆的妈妈是一名护士
Lie on your right side.	躺在你右边
Have you finished your lunch yet?	你吃完你的午饭了吗
I want something cold to drink now.	我想现在喝冷的东西
It's time for dinner.	吃晚饭的时间到了
Try this.	试试这个
Do you believe in God?	你相信上帝吗
My friend was shot.	我的一位朋友被枪杀
That's the answer.	那就是答案
A huge monster is coming down the mountain.	从山上走来一只巨大的怪物
Someone's been here recently.	有人最近来过这里
Tom is Mary's ex-boyfriend.	汤姆是玛丽的前男友
They don't have to know.	他们不需要知道
Pass me the salt.	请给我盐
Why worry about Tom?	为什么要担心
We want further information.	我们想要更多信息
I'm waiting for the store to open.	我正等著这家店开门
The song reminds me of my home.	这首歌让我想家了
Where can I get a taxi?	我在哪里可以搭到计程车
I kept on singing.	我继续唱歌
He is at home.	他在家里
He is fluent in Chinese.	他能说流利的中文
These are our kids.	这是我们的孩子
We're going back home.	我们要回家
I'm hearing that a lot lately.	我最近听说了不少
I can recommend this restaurant.	我推荐这个餐厅
She walks.	她在行走
I don't have money now.	我现在没有钱
Who is the woman dressed in pink?	那个穿粉红色衣服的女人是谁
Doing that is a waste of your time.	做那事是浪费你的时间
Make it quick.	快点
Tom is divorced and has a daughter.	Tom	离婚了
Tom is lucky he didn't get shot.	汤姆没被射中真走运
Tom is now living in Boston.	汤姆现在住在波士顿
Tom still can't read.	汤姆还是不能读书
Might I ask your name and address?	我能问一下您的姓名和住址吗
I told you to get out.	我告诉过你出去
Tom put down his paintbrush.	汤姆放下了画笔
I don't like anything.	我什么都不喜欢
Do you still have my phone number?	你还有我的电话号码吗
Tom says he doesn't feel like going out.	汤姆说他不想出去
Tom attached the string to the kite.	汤姆把绳子加在了这个风筝上
I hope I'll see you again soon.	我希望我会很快再见到你
This knife is very sharp.	这把刀很锋利
I'm a student in a university.	我是个大学生
Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.	八点半开始上课
Tom didn't want to do that.	汤姆不想去做那件事
I broke the lock opening the door.	我开门的时候弄坏了锁
He said that it was nine o'clock.	他说九点了
You should have kept it secret.	你应该保密的
Everybody laughs.	每个人都在笑
Take your hat off when you enter a house of worship.	当你进入礼拜堂时
I don't know what time it is.	我不知道现在几点钟
Tom watched TV yesterday.	Tom	昨天看了电视
It is already past five o'clock.	已经过了五点钟
I like you very much.	我非常喜欢你
You have the right to know.	你有资格知道
I think Tom is getting ready.	我认为汤姆准备好了
What did you want to do?	你以前想做什么
Tom doesn't have a lot of money.	汤姆没有很多钱
I'd rather die than surrender.	我宁死也不投降
He caught a cold.	他着凉了
Could you please pass me the pepper?	能把胡椒递给我吗
She gave him a sweater.	她给他一件毛衣
It makes no sense at all.	这没有任何意义
How long does it take?	要多久
There is no water.	没有水
You get up early, don't you?	你很早起床
He's not always at home on Sundays.	他星期日并不总是在家
I worked three years as Tom's assistant.	我给汤姆当了三年助手
Who has the edge now?	目前谁占上风
Prices have been climbing steadily.	价格一直在稳定地攀升
How are you doing today?	你今天怎么样
She was accepted by Harvard.	她被哈佛录取了
Can you whistle?	你会吹口哨吗
There were few people on the beach.	沙滩上的人非常少
I've lost one of my folders.	我丢了我的一个文件夹
I wish Tom were my younger brother.	我希望汤姆是我的弟弟
Tom will come back from Boston next Monday.	汤姆会在下周一从波士顿回来
Tom took a step back and fell.	汤姆后退一步跌倒了
We can't know what the future has in store.	人不知道未来可能发生什么事
You look very dignified.	你看起来很威严
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.	每一个人对事情的看法不同是依据他们是富有还是贫穷
No one answered my question.	没人回答我的问题
We went to the beach last week.	我们上周去了海滩
I follow the rules.	我遵守规矩
I plan to buy him a pen.	我打算给他买一支钢笔
Do you have a television?	你有电视吗
When does it begin?	什么时候开始
The two nations have strong trade ties.	这两个国家有强大的贸易关系
I don't want to play cards.	我不想玩纸牌
That's the computer on which he writes his articles.	那就是那台他用来写文章的电脑
I haven't made up my mind yet.	我还没有拿定主意
Three cubed is twenty-seven.	三的立方是二十七
Some people questioned his honesty.	有些人质疑他的诚实
May I see your driver's license?	我可以看看你的驾驶执照吗
I had an asthma attack.	我哮喘发作了
He asked for some money.	他要了一些钱
The movie received mixed reviews.	影片得到的评价褒贬不一
I've been wanting to see you.	我一直想见你
I'm on the phone.	我在打电话
My wife often telephones me when I'm traveling in another country.	我在国外旅行的时候
The city was destroyed by fire.	这个城市毁于火灾
He got a good grade in mathematics.	他数学得了一个好成绩
I did not expect it to be that big.	我没想到它有那么大
Are any seats still available?	还剩座位吗
We played poker the entire day.	我们用了一整天打扑克
I objected to his paying the bill.	我反对他付帐单
Do you have a fever?	你发烧了吗
I like my job very much.	我非常喜欢我的工作
The date of manufacture is shown on the lid.	生产日期在盖子上
Do you often come here?	您经常来这儿吗
I'm afraid that I differ with you on this point.	恐怕就这点上
Her idea is better than yours.	她的想法比你的好
Is this tofu?	这是不是豆腐
He saluted the lady.	他向那位女士问好
He got off at the next station.	他在下一站下车了
It goes without saying that money can't buy happiness.	不言自明
Tom isn't accustomed to walking barefooted.	汤姆不习惯光着脚漫步
Are you still cold?	你还冷吗
He couldn't run very fast.	他无法跑得非常快
There's somebody who wants to meet you.	有一个人想见你
They drink coke.	他们喝可乐
He was born on July 28th, 1888.	他出生于
He could not come because of his serious illness.	他因为生重病不能来
She isn't a good cook.	她不是一个好厨师
I have just washed all the dishes.	我刚洗了所有的碗盘
Tom didn't have to thank me.	汤姆不必谢我
What's it like being Tom's girlfriend?	做汤姆的女朋友怎么样
I've invited my friends.	我邀请了我的朋友
You gave me the wrong change.	你找错了零钱给我
We are here in the name of Jesus Christ and King Charles.	我们这里以耶稣基督和查理斯国王之名
I've already put Tom to work on it.	我已经让汤姆去做它了
I gained two kilos this summer.	这个夏天我胖了两公斤
Whose guitar is this?	这把吉他是谁的
I'm watching television.	我在看电视
We have to look into the disappearance of the doctor.	我们必须调查医生的失踪案
What he said is not true.	他说的话不是真的
"Is he right?" "I don't think so."	"	他是对的吗
She keeps a parrot as a pet.	她养一只鹦鹉作为宠物
He accused me of having stolen his watch.	他指控我偷了他的手表
I ate an apple.	我吃了一个苹果
What does Tom usually eat for breakfast?	汤姆的早餐经常吃什么
It looks like the dog wants something to eat.	那只狗看起来好像想吃东西
He was opposed to monopolies.	他曾经反对垄断
What's the hurry?	这么着急干什么
Let's start right away.	我们立刻开始吧
The doctor may have said so.	医生可能说过
The new medicine saved his life.	这个新药救了他的命
Have you traveled anywhere recently?	你最近去哪里旅游了吗
Come whenever you want.	什么时候想来就过来吧
I'm able to swim.	我会游泳
Let them have their fun.	让他们闹去
She is busy at present and can't speak to you.	她现在忙
I had lost my pen.	我弄丢了我的笔
Germany was once allied with Italy.	德国曾是意大利的同盟国
I feed my cat every morning and every evening.	每天早晚
I already talked to this student.	我已经和这个学生谈过话了
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother's love is.	直到我自己有了孩子我才明白了什么是母爱
Get down!	趴下
I speak French and English.	我讲法语和英语
Can't you move your stuff to the other room?	你不能把你的东西搬去另一个房间吗
I'm not busy.	我没在忙
The road was wet from the rain.	这条路因为下雨所以是湿的
Let's get together again next year.	让我们明年再相聚
Everyone wants what they can't have.	每个人都想要得到无法拥有的东西
Don't walk alone after dark.	不要一个人在黑暗中走
She is going to Chiba Stadium.	她将去千叶球场
They took our passports.	他们拿了我们的护照
It's clear that there's a rather strong disagreement between the two.	很明显的是这两者之间有很强烈的分歧
I'll be back at ten.	我十点回来
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.	你们该养成使用字典的习惯
I saw five men.	我看见五个男人
He said that he gets up at 6 o'clock every day.	他说他每天早上六点起床
I want to talk to you about something.	我想跟你说点事
They're always complaining.	他们总是抱怨
The weatherman says there is a storm on the way.	气象学家说会有暴风雨
Tom is a bit pale.	汤姆有点苍白
Where're Tom's things?	汤姆的东西在哪里
"How old are you?" "Sixteen years old".	「	你几岁
Dentists take x-rays to examine your teeth.	牙医用
Can I use your telephone?	我能用你的电话吗
Luckily he had enough money to pay the bill.	幸运的是他有足够的钱来付账
Your second button is coming off.	你的第二颗钮扣快掉了
I'd like to dance.	我想要跳舞
What do you do here?	你在这里做甚么
We spent the entire day on the beach.	我们一整天在沙滩上
I'd love to find out why she said so.	我很想找出她为什么这么说的原因
We're staying at our uncle's.	我们待在舅舅家
All of them are not poor.	他们都不穷
Did you understand what he said?	你听懂他说的了吗
I hate French.	我讨厌法语
I will go there even if it rains.	即使下雨我也会去那里
We spoke briefly.	我们简短地谈了谈
This is the end.	这是结束
I have to clean the bathroom.	我要清理厕所了
I'm sorry that I hurt you.	很抱歉我伤害了你
Any child can do that.	任何小孩都能做到
She was on the point of leaving.	她正要出去
Learning a foreign language is difficult.	学习外语是困难的
Tom won't let me buy any more stuff.	汤姆不会让我再买甚么东西了
He had his shirt on inside out.	他把他的衬衫穿反了
It soon began to rain very hard.	很快就会开始大雨了
I've never been abroad before.	我以前从没去过国外
Put in a little more sugar.	多放一点糖
I'm still angry about that.	我还是为那生气
He is unsociable.	他太不合群
I love coffee.	我爱咖啡
I'm glad I was there.	我很高兴我在那里
She's a frequent visitor to this country.	她经常来这个国家
Does that belong to Tom?	这是汤姆的东西吗
Everybody desires happiness.	每个人都向往幸福
I saw it with my own eyes.	我亲眼见到了它
You're the most reliable friend I have.	你是我最可靠的朋友
Do I have to answer all of the questions?	我需要回答所有问题吗
Your answer is correct.	您的答案是正确的
Keep the change!	不用找零钱了
Tom bent down and picked up a handful of sand.	汤姆弯下腰
Tom heard this and got angry.	听到这事之后
Tom, I want to talk to Mary.	汤姆
He may be jogging around the park.	他可能在公园周围慢跑
She refused to do what they wanted.	她拒绝做他们想要的事
I have to get my computer repaired.	我必须把我的电脑拿去给人家修理
I'll wait another five minutes.	我还要等五分钟
We have all we need for now.	我们现在拥有了所有我们想要的
Let's see if we can get the gate closed.	让我们看看能不能把大门关上
She's my sister.	她是我的姊妹
I think the same as they do.	我和他们意见一致
You should ask your father for his advice and follow it.	你应该问你父亲的忠告并遵守它
It was too difficult for me.	它对我来说太困难了
I can't believe Tom was able to do this all by himself.	没法相信
He got hurt when he fell down.	他跌倒的时候受了伤
I've got Tom with me.	我和汤姆在一起
She cut the apple with a knife.	她用刀子切苹果
I really am unlucky!	我真的很倒霉
China has about 25 times the area of Japan.	中国的版图大概是日本的二十五倍
It's nearly six o'clock.	差不多六点了
He will not be back tomorrow.	他明天不回来
Haven't I seen you before?	我以前没见过你吗
There's a page missing.	有一页缺了
Say hello to Tom.	跟汤姆问好
Tom wants to tell you about Mary.	汤姆想跟你说玛丽的事
Tom isn't an elected official.	汤姆不是选出来的官员
Because of its origins, Canadian English has features of both American and British English.	由于它的起源
He is glad to hear the news.	他很高兴听到这个消息
Wherever you go, I'll follow.	无论你到哪里
What time is it?	现在几点
Those two are arguing again.	他们俩又在吵架了
Tom blushed.	汤姆脸红了
My grandfather is a bit hard of hearing.	我爷爷的听力不太好
We enjoyed watching the baseball game.	我们喜欢看棒球比赛
Please help me fill out this form.	请帮我填这张表格
He is the chief of my department.	他是我部门的主管
This is none of your business.	这不是你的事
Fruit is very good for your body.	水果对身体非常好
Let's stop at the next gas station.	我们在下个加油站停一下
What will you use it for?	你会用它来做什么
I was too shy to look her in the face.	我害羞得不敢正面看她的脸
This really is a nice surprise.	真是个惊喜
Happy is the man who is contented.	知足常乐
Do they like oranges?	他们喜欢橙子吗
The school was established in 1650.	这所学校建于
Let's go and see as many things as we can.	我们走
The twins are indistinguishable from each other.	这双胞胎没法区分
I used to swim in this river.	我以前在这条河里游泳
They got into the train.	她们上了火车
Do I have to bring my son to your office?	我必须带我的儿子到你的办公室吗
Tom is a native French speaker.	汤姆是法语母语者
I have nowhere to go now.	我现在无处可去
Is eating with chopsticks difficult?	用筷子吃饭难吗
He likes sleeping.	他喜欢睡觉
I took it for granted that she would come to our wedding.	我理所当然地认为她会参加我们的结婚典礼
Do you know if she can speak English?	你知道她是否会讲英语吗
The tiger cub looked like a large kitten.	小老虎看起来像只大猫
Let's get drunk.	让我们一醉方休吧
This movie is worth seeing again.	这部电影值得再看一遍
Tom wasn't in bed.	汤姆不在床上
You need to be aggressive.	你需要更有进取心
I got home at seven.	我七点回到家
Whether he comes or not, the result will be the same.	他来还是不来
Don't write in red ink.	别用红墨水写
I don't feel like working today.	我今天不想上班
A cafeteria is a self-service style restaurant.	自助餐厅是一种自助式的餐厅
Nobody encouraged her.	没有人鼓励她
Roll up your sleeve.	卷起你的袖子
Please don't speak so fast.	请不要说得那么快
I want to meet your older sister.	我想认识你姐姐
These containers are airtight.	这些容器是密封的
She slept for a few hours.	她睡了几小时
How about another piece of cake?	要不要再来一块蛋糕
What's this song? I've heard it before, but I can't remember the name.	这是什么歌
I'm glad someone told me.	真高兴有人告诉我
I like rugby, but not as much as I like basketball.	我喜欢橄榄球
My uncle gave me a camera.	我叔叔给了我一个照相机
Let's clear up this problem.	把问题澄清一下
What are you after?	你想要什么
He is three years younger than Father.	他比爸爸年轻三岁
Two men are trying to figure out what's wrong with the car.	两个男人在检查汽车出了什么故障
He is no longer a boy.	他不再是个男孩
Tom doesn't look like his father at all.	汤姆和他的父亲长得一点也不像
I'll stop by your place on my way home.	我会在回家的路上顺便去你家
I am not a witch.	我不是巫婆
Tom lost his car keys.	汤姆丢了车钥匙
I think that you ought to apologize to her.	我认为你应该跟她道歉
Mt. Fuji can be seen from here.	从这里可以看到富士山
Tom doesn't know who he can trust anymore.	汤姆不知道他还能再信任谁
Do you want something to drink?	你想要什么喝的吗
We're not afraid of any difficulties.	我们不畏惧任何困难
I will never force you to marry him.	我永远不会逼你跟他结婚
The good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry.	这电子辞典的好处就是便于携带
What happened to him?	他发生了什么事
We understand.	我们明白
Tom is shy.	汤姆害羞
He has two daughters.	他有两个女儿
She takes private piano lessons.	她上私人钢琴课
Any bed is better than no bed.	任何床都比没有床好
I have lost my umbrella somewhere in the park. I have to buy one.	我的雨伞遗失在公园里某个地方
Can you play the piano?	你会弹钢琴吗
One of your buttons has come off.	你的一个按钮脱落了
Brush your teeth before going to bed.	上床睡觉前要刷牙
English is difficult to learn.	英语很难学
I've already tried that.	我已经试过那个了
You're still young.	你仍然很年轻
I've got more books than I can read.	我拥有的书比我能读的书多
Stock prices plunged to a record low.	股票价格跌至历史新低
Hold on.	坚持
I am terribly hungry.	我肚子饿极了
What sort of work do you do?	你做什么类型的工作
I hid under the table.	我藏在桌子底下
What if Tom is still alive?	如果汤姆还活着呢
Eating fish is good for your health.	吃鱼有益于你的健康
Tom can write almost like a native speaker, but his pronunciation is terrible.	Tom	写作可以写的像本国人一样
I put some cream in my coffee.	我在我的咖啡里放了一些奶油
They made me really angry.	他们让我很生气
You have a good memory.	你的记忆力很好
Mars is a planet.	火星是一颗行星
What did you make?	你做了什么
Why do you want to study abroad?	为什么你想到外国读书
Do you have a table on the patio?	你院子里有桌子吗
I dare say he is right.	我敢说他是对的
Which book is yours?	哪本是你们的书
Would you like to drink anything?	你想喝点什么吗
That's life.	人生就是如此
Tell me how to play the game.	告诉我怎么玩游戏
I hear my uncle died of cancer.	我听到我叔叔死于癌症的消息
I think it's possible that Tom may come.	我觉得汤姆有可能会来
Her look says that she loves you.	她的样子在说她爱你
Let's sing the song in English.	让我们唱英文歌曲
Tears rolled down my cheeks.	泪水沿着我的面颊流了下来
He had a shower before breakfast.	他在早餐前洗了个澡
I'm full.	我吃饱了
Did you accomplish your goals?	你达成你的目标了吗
My eyesight is getting worse.	我的视力正慢慢下降
The contract is in the bag, so let's go out and celebrate.	合同已经到手了
The button came off.	这颗钮扣脱落了
What makes you think I won't be able to do it?	你怎么认为我做不了
What do you want me to do, Tom?	你想让我做甚么
Don't keep me waiting.	别让我等著
It isn't at all easy.	这一点都不容易
I am tired of reading.	我厌倦了阅读
Is this everything?	这就是全部吗
Tom is looking for someone to take Mary's place.	Tom	正在找其他人代替
His clothes are worn out.	他的衣服穿坏了
They blamed Tom for causing the accident.	他们指责汤姆造成了事故
What made her do that?	为什么她要做这种事情呢
I think I can run as fast as Tom.	我认为我能跑得跟汤姆一样快
I have to wake Tom up.	我得叫醒汤姆
There was a sprinkling of foreigners among the visitors in the museum.	博物馆的参观者中有少数是外国人
I'm a social worker.	我是个社会工作人员
Those dogs are big.	那些狗都很大
You should have helped him with his work.	你应该帮他工作的
May I be the first to offer my congratulations.	希望我是第一个祝贺的人
I don't want to buy a newspaper today.	我今天不想买报纸
What is done cannot be undone.	覆水难收
Tom was hiding under the table.	Tom	躲在桌子底下
This is not very stylish.	这不是很流行
Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit.	水在华氏
I have a laptop.	我有一台笔记本电脑
I thought we were going to do this together.	我认为我们要一起做
I looked around, but saw nobody.	我环顾四周
I go to school by subway.	我坐地铁上学
I went to school yesterday.	我昨天去了学校
We'll be late for dinner.	我们的晚饭要晚点吃了
I didn't get along with her.	我没有和她相处过
I've got a headache.	我头痛
I am a professor.	我是大学教授
Tom looked at his reflection in the mirror.	汤姆看他在镜中的映像
I walked up the hill.	我走上山了
The universe is limitless.	宇宙浩瀚无边
Tom's parachute didn't open.	汤姆的降落伞没有打开
We measured the depth of the river.	我们测量了这条河的深度
Tom ate only one sandwich.	Tom	吃了唯一一个三明治
Let's play baseball!	我们去打棒球吧
Let's have a few drinks tonight.	让我们今晚喝几杯
I was tired today so I went to bed early.	我今天累
Let's go to the picnic.	让我们去野餐
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.	初生之犊不畏虎
May I put it here?	我可以把它放在这儿吗
Will you please lend me a stapler?	请你借给我一支订书机好吗
He hid it behind the door.	他把它藏在了门后
She was afraid to travel alone.	她怕独自旅行
You'd better go by bus.	你最好坐公共汽车去
Two glasses of apple juice, please.	请给我两杯苹果汁
She was afraid to cross the road.	她怕过马路
I saved your life.	我救了你一命
I know that Tom is allergic to bees.	我知道汤姆对蜜蜂过敏
The teacher has a great influence on his pupils.	这个教授对他的学生有很大的影响力
I owe ten dollars to her.	我欠她
Is this a river?	这是一条河吗
This apple is bad.	这个苹果是坏的
You've got to be joking!	你一定是开玩笑
Don't put the cart before the horse.	不要把马车放在马的前面
I have mislaid my baggage.	我的行李丢了
Do you eat meat?	您吃不吃肉
I don't want it anymore.	我再也不想要了
I've got to try to find Tom.	我试图找到
I'm not very athletic.	我不太擅长运动
Have you made your decision?	你决定好了吗
She has many friends in Hong Kong.	她在香港有很多朋友
We haven't lost much.	我们没有失去太多
She insisted that I should see the doctor.	她坚持让我去看医生
He's good at flying kites.	他擅长放风筝
His wife is quite a talented woman.	他老婆很有才
Were you serious?	你是认真的吗
We often eat fish raw in Japan.	我们在日本常常吃生鱼
He gives some meat to the dog.	他给这只狗一些肉
What would you like to eat for dinner?	你想吃什么作晚餐
This is really terrible.	这真可怕
They made me go there alone.	他们让我独自去了那里
Please speak as slowly as possible.	请您能不能尽量慢点说
They serve excellent food here.	他们这里提供一流的美食
I don't want to play anymore.	我不想再玩了
You are a good person.	你是一个好人
It snowed a lot.	下了很多的雪
There were lots of people.	有很多人
We were disappointed to hear that Tom couldn't get a visa.	我们很遗憾地听说
I see your point.	我明白你的重点
I really want to see you.	好想见到你
When did you begin studying English?	您什么时候开始学英语的
It is by no means certain.	这根本不是确定的
This isn't a difficult job.	这不是件困难的差事
She's in a depression.	她抑郁了
Sing us a song, please.	请为我们唱首歌吧
How about another round?	再来一轮怎么样
He stopped for a quick cigarette.	他停下来抽根烟
How is life?	生活怎么样
There's no more salt.	没盐了
This table takes up too much space.	这张桌子太占空间了
Tom wouldn't let anyone else in the room.	汤姆不让任何人进房间
He was kind enough to lend me some money.	他够大方
Did you find the book interesting?	你觉得这本书有趣吗
I'm going to be a millionaire.	我就要成为百万富翁了
Please be ready in fifteen minutes.	请在
Are you afraid?	你害怕吗
I'm not tired at all.	我根本不累
There is an orange on the table.	桌上有一只橙子
Why do you need change?	你为什么需要零钱
They always fight over little things.	他们总是为了小事吵架
He will be back soon.	他很快就会回来的
Why's Tom always so grumpy?	汤姆脾气为什么总这么坏
It's okay to take it easy sometimes.	有时可以放轻松一下
Just water, please.	请给我水就好了
I'm not lazy.	我不懒
We've known each other for years.	我们认识有好些年了
Try once again.	再试一次
I'm not good at carpentry.	我不擅长做木工
The dictionary on the desk is mine.	书桌上的词典是我的
Thank you for agreeing to meet with us.	谢谢你答应来见我
My father retired at 65 years old.	我的父亲
Tom is unlikely to do that again.	汤姆不太可能再那么做了
I want to see a movie.	我要去看电影
I missed my chance.	我错过了我的机会
Can't we work this out?	我们做不成吗
He is armed to the teeth.	他武装到牙齿
Do you want to stay any longer?	你想再待下去吗
How's everyone doing?	大家好吗
The house is haunted.	这房子闹鬼
I had a strange dream.	我做了一个奇怪的梦
I got a bee sting.	我被蜜蜂蛰了一下
I'm very busy this week.	这周我非常忙
Your prophecy has come true.	你的预言成真了
I had a good sleep last night.	我昨晚睡得很好
I'll get off at the next station.	我下一站下车
My wife and children depend on me.	我的老婆孩子都依靠我
Zero comes before one.	零在一前面
A new branch will be opened in Chicago next month.	新的分店下个月在芝加哥开张
Your parents loved you very much.	你的父母很爱你
Everybody in the building felt the earthquake.	在建筑物里的所有人都感觉到了地震
We've got too much work to do.	我们要做的工作太多了
Look it up in your dictionary.	查查你的字典
Help yourself to more potato chips.	随意多吃点洋芋片吧
On the whole, the Japanese are conservative.	总体上说
Whose is it?	这是谁的
Doesn't that change things?	那能改变甚么吗
Some people never grow up.	有些人永远也长不大
I had no feeling in my fingers.	我的手指没有感觉
I need my coat.	我需要我的大衣
Tom has a twin brother.	Tom	有个双胞胎兄弟
What on earth are you doing in my room?	你到底在我房间里干什么
We have enough food.	我们有足够的食物
I have seen the film before.	我已经看过这部电影了
Something weird's going on.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
I've climbed Mt. Fuji twice.	我爬过两次富士山
Keep an eye on the child for me for a moment.	帮我看会儿孩子
I know the facts.	我知道事实
I've something interesting to tell you that you might find surprising.	我有有趣的事要告诉你
Water boils at 100 degrees.	水在摄氏
This bike needs to be repaired.	这辆自行车需要修理
I've been sick.	我生病了
These machines aren't working now.	这些机器目前不运转
That house is big.	那栋房子很大
Do you think I'm crazy?	你认为我疯了吗
He gave his children a good education.	他给了他的孩子们良好的教育
Do you like juice?	你喜欢果汁吗
There were few children in the room.	房间里没几个小孩子
Iron is a useful metal.	铁是个有用的金属
Suddenly, it began to rain.	突然开始下雨
I'm not very particular about food.	我对食物不是很讲究
Summer vacation begins next Monday.	暑假从下星期一开始
You seem to know everything.	你看起来什么都知道
Money talks.	金钱万能
Please show me your stamp album.	请让我看看你的集邮册
Tokyo is the largest city in Japan.	东京是日本最大的城市
Tom's fearless.	汤姆无所畏惧
I find it hard to get up early on cold mornings.	我觉得在寒冷的早晨很难早起
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.	即使太阳从西边出来
He is rather hard to please.	取悦他很难
Do you want to come along?	你想不想一起去
The teacher asked me which book I liked.	老师问我我喜欢哪本书
Both Tom and Mary can speak French.	汤姆和玛丽两个人都会说法语
We saw monkeys at the zoo.	我们在动物园里看到了猴子
She managed to drive a car.	她成功地开车了
I interpreted her silence as a refusal.	我认为她的沉默就是表示拒绝
I ran into Mary at a party last week.	上星期在一次派对中我遇到了玛丽
She's good at handling children.	她对孩子很有一套
I had nothing in common with them.	我同他们没有过共同之处
No one can help me.	谁也不能帮我
Nobody understands me.	没有人理解我
My father had already finished breakfast when I got up this morning.	我今早起床时
I have a good appetite today.	我今天的食欲很好
She is as beautiful as her mother is.	她跟她妈妈一样漂亮
He is very stingy with his money.	他非常吝啬
I'll be here for a while.	我在这待一会
It's very cold.	天气非常寒冷
How did you find my house?	你怎么找到我的房子的
His house was struck by lightning.	他的房子遭到雷击
Edison invented many useful things.	爱迪生发明了许多有用的东西
What happened? The car's slowing down.	发生了什么事
I have a bike.	我有一辆自行车
What is missing?	少了什么
You're blocking my light.	你挡住我的光了
I'm busy looking for an apartment.	我正忙著找公寓
If I'd known that it would come to this, I would have never consented.	要是我知道会发生这种事
It is up to you.	由你来决定
Keep in mind that you must die.	你要想到你必须死
My father drives to work.	我父亲开车去上班
He changed schools last year.	去年他转校了
My father had me wash the car.	父亲让我洗汽车
She wasn't able to open the bottle.	她无法打开这个瓶子
He confessed that he was guilty.	他承认有罪
Can you tell us a bit more about that?	能再告诉我一点吗
Tom can keep a secret.	汤姆会保密
You have no sense of direction.	你一点方向感都没有
I'm leaving for Chicago next week.	我下周将离开去芝加哥
The policemen arrested the burglar.	警察逮捕了窃贼
I saw something strange in the sky.	我看见天上有奇怪的东西
She kissed him on the cheek.	她在他的脸颊上吻了一下
She is always losing her handkerchief.	她老是弄丢她的手帕
Mary can speak Japanese.	玛丽会讲日语
I just cleaned this.	我刚打扫过这个
If time permits, I'll visit the museum.	如果时间允许
Are there any bigger carrots?	还有更大的胡萝卜吗
We're friends.	我们是朋友
Whose car is this?	这台汽车是谁的
What is that?	那是什么
I hate my neighbor.	我讨厌我的邻居
I was absent from work yesterday.	我昨天没去上班
Who found my bag?	谁找到了我的包
Bring me the newspaper, please.	请把报纸拿来给我
Please don't look at me like that.	请不要那样看我
Should Tom be worried?	Tom	应该要担心吗
He devoted the last years of his life to writing his autobiography.	他晚年致力于写自传
I've missed another chance.	我又失去了一次机会
Could you turn down the radio?	您能把收音机开小声一点吗
What have you told them?	你告诉了他们什么
Somebody caught me by the arm.	有人抓住了我的手臂
This is a low-budget movie.	这是一部低成本的电影
He's running very quickly.	他跑得非常快
Neither Tom nor Mary has been losing weight.	汤姆和玛丽减肥都没减下来
Tom probably knows how to get to Mary's house.	汤姆大概知道要怎么去玛莉家吧
Tom doesn't speak French very well.	汤姆说法语说得不太好
A soccer team consists of eleven players.	一个足球队由十一个球员组成
I can't swim at all.	我一点也不会游泳
The bride looked very beautiful.	新娘看起来非常漂亮
I'm tired of working a nine-to-five job.	我厌倦了做朝九晚五的工作
Do you think I'm beautiful?	你认为我美吗
That's where Tom belongs.	汤姆就该呆在那里
I'm completely exhausted.	我完全地筋疲力尽了
I would like to improve my English pronunciation.	我想改善我的英语发音
The car was going forward.	车往前走
Tom used a fire extinguisher to try and put the fire out.	汤姆试著用灭火器把火扑灭
We enjoy reading books.	我们喜欢阅读书籍
It makes sense.	那样说得通
We are a family of five.	我们家有五口人
He really wants to meet you.	他真的想见你
Can someone answer the telephone?	有人可以接电话吗
You should try to be more polite.	你应该试著更有礼貌
He flatly refused to let me in.	他断然地拒绝让我进去
Some of them are healthy, but others are not.	他们中的一些人身体健康
That guy drives me crazy.	那家伙让我发疯
Where is the tourist information office?	游客咨询处在哪里
There are no people who don't desire peace.	没人不渴望和平
Stop getting yourself worked up over little things.	不要让自己因为一些小事而烦躁了
Are you a bachelor?	你是单身吗
What do you think?	你认为如何
I'm dead tired.	困死了
I have few friends.	我朋友很少
She's popular, not because she's beautiful, but because she's kind to everyone.	她受欢迎不是因为她的美丽
A crowd gathered at the scene.	一群人聚集在现场
How much is the late fee?	滞纳金是多少
I'm thirty now.	我现在
I would like to go with you.	我想和你一起走
I don't know when I should be there.	我不知道什么时候要在那里
There's no film in this camera.	这个相机里没有胶片
Do you have change for a dollar?	你有零钱换一元美金吗
I don't know what I don't know.	我不知道我不知道什么
He knew he could not win.	他早就知道自己不会赢
They changed the system.	他们改变了制度
What number bus do I take to get to Waikiki?	我乘几路车去怀基基
Tom knew Mary would come.	汤姆知道玛丽会来
That's not right.	不对
We have no reason to be ashamed.	我们没理由害臊
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems.	近来咖啡的短缺造成了许多问题
Tom and I were born in the same city.	汤姆和我生在同一个城市
We went to the park to play.	我们去了公园玩
He is my father.	他是我父亲
Collect your thoughts before you begin your work.	工作之前先收好思绪
You are taller than she is.	你比她要高
No, this isn't my car.	不是
I asked her to wait a minute.	我让她等了一分钟
Would you please lend me some money?	你能借我些钱吗
Tom isn't smiling.	汤姆没在笑
Tom is too old to work.	汤姆老得不能工作了
I want to participate.	我想参加
I hear you, but I don't see you.	我听得见你
She takes piano lessons once a week.	她每周上一次钢琴课
The time has come when I must tell you the truth.	现在是我必须告诉你真相的时候了
We'll always be friends.	我们永远都会是朋友
I refuse to be treated like a child.	我拒绝被像一个孩子般对待
Only peace can save the world.	只有和平能够拯救世界
Am I dead?	我死了吗
Tom is crying, too.	汤姆也在哭
Five years is too long to wait.	五年太漫长而无法等待
He hid himself behind a large rock.	他藏到一个大石头后面了
Tom sits at his computer eight hours a day.	Tom	每天在电脑前工作八小时
You make me feel so guilty.	你让我感到很内疚
I want a good dictionary.	我想要本好词典
They sell sporting goods.	他们卖体育产品
Get me a chair, please.	请给我找一把椅子
What a surprise!	太惊喜了
The plan isn't workable.	计划行不通
We bought some vegetables and fish at the market.	我们在市场上买了些蔬菜和鱼
I've never been so proud of you.	我从没这么以你为豪
Are you dating anyone?	你跟人约会吗
I would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater.	我想去美术馆胜过去电影院
The defendant will appeal to a higher court.	被告会向上级法院上诉
He lives in a cozy little house.	他住在一个舒适的小房子里
She gave it her personal attention.	她亲自过问了此事
How long do you plan to stay?	你准备待多久
Tom carried the chairs to the next room.	汤姆把椅子拿到了下个房间
Our chef is very busy today.	我们的厨师今天很忙
Is there anybody in the house?	家里有没有人
He is a student at a high school.	他是一名高中学生
You reap what you sow.	种瓜得瓜
I'm a college student.	我是一名大学生
Have you ever been stuck in an elevator?	你有没有被困在电梯里过
We found the front door locked.	我们发现前门被锁上了
We have two kids.	我们有两个孩子
I'm used to staying up late.	我习惯晚睡
I wish you good luck.	祝您好运
Tom finished college last year.	汤姆去年上完了大学
She warned him not to go out at night alone.	她警告他晚上不要一个人出去
I don't like to go out after dark.	我天黑后不喜欢出门
The principal wants to talk to you.	校长想跟你谈话
Put the carrots in the pot.	把胡萝卜放在锅里
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.	开车很好玩
I wish he were here now.	我希望他现在在这里
I get along with my younger brother.	我与我的弟弟相处融洽
My nose is so itchy.	我的鼻子好痒
Go upstairs and bring down my trunk.	上楼把我的旅行箱拿下来
They must be waiting for you.	他们一定在等你
A picture is worth a thousand words.	百闻不如一见
What movies are playing this week?	这周放什么电影
Don't stand near me.	不要站在我身边
It's the middle of the night. Why aren't you asleep?	三更半夜不睡觉
Two months have passed since he left for France.	自从他离开去法国
Tom covered his face with his hands.	汤姆用他的手捂住了他的脸
We need to talk about that as soon as possible.	我们需要尽早谈论那件事
Mary likes milk very much.	玛丽很喜欢牛奶
You have to finish this by 2:30.	你必须在两点半之前完成它
Please look up this word in a dictionary.	请在词典里查这个词
How long have you known her?	你认识她多久了
Everything depends on it.	全都靠它了
The sky is full of dark clouds.	空中乌云密布
He looked around, but he saw no one.	他看向四周
Which do you prefer, spring or autumn?	春天和秋天
You can buy stamps at any post office.	你在任何一家邮局都能买到邮票
I'll be there right away.	我马上到那里
Tom is 30 years old.	汤姆今年三十岁
Get off your high horse, Tom.	别那么趾高气扬
Be respectful to your superiors, if you have any.	如果你有上司的话
You need to wear a helmet.	你需要戴安全帽
That's what I like.	我就喜欢它
Tom has been spending time with Mary.	汤姆在玛丽身上花时间
Is it true or did Tom make that story up?	这是事实还是
I know this is important to you.	我知道这对您来说很重要
I wish I could talk to you.	我希望能与你谈话
The President refused to answer the question.	总统拒绝回答那个问题
The Rhine flows between France and Germany.	莱茵河流经法国和德国国界
There was a steady increase in population.	人口稳定地增加
Which is your favorite team?	你最喜欢哪一队
Give some meat to the dog.	给这只狗一些肉
Would you please tell me the way?	请你告诉我路怎么走好吗
He was jealous of my success.	他嫉妒我的成功
This method is sure to work.	这个方法一定会成功
Here is a letter for you.	这儿有你的一封信
No one noticed her absence until the end of the meeting.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
She didn't like living in the city.	她不喜欢住在城市里
The sky is clear almost every day.	天空几乎每天是晴朗的
Are you Tom?	你是汤姆吗
My mother is in the hospital now.	我妈妈现在在医院
That was wrong.	那样是错的
He tried to kill himself.	他试图自杀
Tom knows exactly how I like my hair done.	汤姆很清楚我喜欢什么样的发型
Tom gave me a pen.	汤姆给了我一枝笔
We failed due to a lack of preparation.	我们因缺乏准备而失败了
You should've turned left.	您本应左转的
I had a slight headache last night.	我昨晚有轻微的头痛
Tom was all worn out.	汤姆完全筋疲力尽了
What do you want for Christmas?	想要什么样的圣诞节礼物呢
Get out of this house.	滚出房子
He earns three times more than me.	他赚的比我多三倍
I didn't pay attention to what they were saying.	他们说了什么
There are too many things to do!	要做的事太多了
We should sit down.	我们应该坐下
Do you know how to use this?	你知道怎么使用吗
Please show me those pictures.	请让我看看那些图片
Tom doesn't even have a driver's license.	汤姆甚至没有驾驶证
They are having a chat.	他们正在聊天
He asked me if I was busy.	他问我是否很忙
"I saw her five days ago," he said.	他说
I don't know if you feel the same as I do.	我不知道你是否和我有一样的感觉
My father bought me a bicycle.	我父亲给我买了一辆自行车
I want to be a baseball player.	我想成为一名棒球运动员
Tom shut his eyes.	汤姆闭上了眼睛
Can I use my medical insurance?	我可以使用我的医疗保险吗
I'd like you to have a blood test.	我希望你做血液检查
The problem is that solar energy costs too much.	问题是
I prefer spring to fall.	我喜欢春天胜过秋天
She had her hat blown off by the wind.	她的帽子被风吹掉了
Advertisements urge us to buy luxuries.	广告怂恿我们买奢侈品
He caught a boy stealing his watch.	他抓到了一个男孩正在偷他的表
He will survive.	他会幸存
I hear she's a famous actress.	我听说她是个有名的演员
Tom has lost weight recently.	汤姆最近变瘦了
Don't forget to sign your name.	不要忘记签上你的名字
He is a man of ability.	他是个能干的男人
Tom wasn't wearing glasses.	汤姆没戴眼镜
I want to learn how to swim.	我想学习如何游泳
I am not wearing any underwear.	我没穿内衣
Who does the book belong to?	这本书是谁的
A fire broke out last night and three houses were burnt down.	昨晚发生了一场火灾
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.	她一开门
Tom didn't like spinach when he was a child.	汤姆小时候不喜欢菠菜
California and Nevada border on each other.	加利福尼亚州和内华达州相互接界
Thanks for your advice.	谢谢你的建议
Tom says he hopes Mary can do that.	汤姆说他希望玛丽能做到
I like jogging.	我喜欢跑步
Which is your book?	哪本书是您的
He has no choice but to resign.	他没有选择
What's your name?	你叫什么
I just followed your instructions.	我只是照著你的指示
I think exams ruin education.	我认为考试破坏教育
Your answer is right.	你的答案是正确的
Who gave you the right to do such a thing?	是谁允许你做这事的
How much did it cost?	多少钱
I know I left it somewhere down here in the basement.	我知道我把它放在地下室的某个地方了
Is it something I said?	是我说的吗
I'd better get back home.	我回家比较好
After the hurricane, their house was a wreck.	暴风雨过后
One hundred years is called a century.	一百年被叫做一个世纪
That was the first time that I'd seen Tom so angry.	那是我第一次见到汤姆如此生气
I don't feel like playing either.	我也不想玩
He acts as if he were a king.	他表现得像国王一样
It's time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.	你该上床了
How much is this umbrella?	这把伞多少钱
I'm sure that she will come back soon.	我肯定她很快就会回来的
His behavior is worthy of respect.	他的行为值得尊重
I saw a helicopter flying overhead.	我看见一架直升飞机在头顶飞
I still prefer to write letters by hand.	我更喜欢用手写信
He doesn't have any friends.	他没有任何朋友
I got acquainted with him in France.	我在法国认识了他
It's a pity they're getting divorced.	很遗憾他们离婚了
My brother was injured in the car accident.	我哥在车祸中受伤了
I hope Tom will understand.	我希望汤姆能明白
I warmed myself in the bath.	我泡了个澡身体暖和起来了
You're really wonderful.	你真是太好了
Tom pretended to not hear a thing.	汤姆假装没听见
You're a good cook.	你是个好厨师
This is a difficult problem to solve.	这是个很难解决的问题
He's gone to Nagoya on business.	他因公出差到名古屋
I admit I was careless.	我承认我大意了
It's warm here all the year round.	这里一年四季很温暖
The present time is a good time.	现在正是好时候
Are you for real?	你是认真的吗
I am the fastest runner.	我是最快的跑者
After I got married, my Japanese got better and I could understand more.	在我结婚之后
This is a good movie.	这是一部好电影
Greece is an old country.	希腊是个古老的国家
I agreed to the proposal.	我同意这项建议
I encountered a problem.	我遇到了故障
I think I have a question.	我觉的有一个问题
I don't plan to stay very long.	我没有打算停留太久
We should be safe here.	我们在这里应该是安全的
Do you miss me?	你想我了
Am I a good teacher?	我是一个好老师吗
I have no energy today.	今天我没有精神
I have a sore throat.	我喉咙痛
I want to know where she went.	我想知道她去哪儿了
She went to the hospital by taxi.	她搭计程车去医院了
Keep children away from the pond.	让孩子远离池塘
I want to reserve a room.	我想预定一个房间
My dad died before I was born.	我出生前
Everyone admired his courage.	每个人都佩服他的勇气
A few minutes later, the telephone rang.	几分钟后
We had bad weather yesterday.	昨天天气很糟
Tom wrote postcards to us.	Tom	写明信片给我们
I asked Tom a few questions.	我问了汤姆几个问题
No one can help me.	没有人能帮我
I believe Tom will do that.	我相信汤姆会去做
The road parallels the river.	这条路与河流平行
I have to go home.	我该回家了
I've never felt better.	我从来没感觉那么好过
It was a quiet winter evening.	这是个静谧的冬夜
I've lost my key.	我钥匙丢了
I couldn't understand his ideas.	我无法理解他的想法
There was hardly anyone in the room.	房间里几乎没有人
Where do I get the subway?	我在哪里坐地铁
I hope Tom can do what we asked him to do.	我希望汤姆能做我们让他做的事
Tom told me what to say.	汤姆告诉我该说什么
The train should be on time.	火车应当准点到
English is an international language.	英语是国际语言
Have you ever dyed your hair?	你染过头发吗
We don't need to attend that meeting.	我们不必参加那场会议
She is very clever.	她很聪明
They don't teach you that in school.	学校不会教你这个
That's the most absurd idea I've ever heard.	这是我听过最荒谬的想法
They fought for the sake of their country.	他们为祖国而战斗
You must make up for the loss.	您必须弥补损失
I'm tired of translating.	我厌倦了翻译
She cleaned her room in a hurry.	她急忙地清扫了她的房间
Since he is old, this task must be difficult for him.	他老了
My eyes hurt.	我的眼睛痛
He's always worrying about his daughter.	他一直很担心他的女儿
I didn't hear it.	我没听见
How much will it be?	多少钱
"Would you like some tea?" "Yes, please."	"	来杯茶怎样
My motorcycle is new.	我的摩托车是新的
This is my favorite.	这是我最喜欢的
He knows how to make a radio.	他知道如何做收音机
My best friend dances really well.	我最好的朋友舞跳得很好
He was driving the car at full speed.	他全速驾驶着
I will stay until tomorrow.	我会留到明天
Thank you very much for your present.	非常谢谢你的礼物
I hear that you play the piano.	我听说你弹钢琴
I'll see you again this afternoon.	今天下午我会再见到你
Tom will never willingly go there by himself.	汤姆绝不会愿意独自去那里
I've never known anyone as hypocritical as you.	我从来没有见过谁像你这么虚伪的
They are satisfied.	他们满意了
You don't need to call me.	你不必打电话给我
The curtain fell.	谢幕了
It is a pity that you cannot come to the party.	很遗憾您不能来派对
Tom doesn't seem to think so.	汤姆似乎不这么认为
It's getting dark. I wonder if it's going to rain.	天变暗了
May I open the box?	我能打开盒子吗
Slight inattention can cause a great disaster.	失之毫厘
Can you teach me how to steal?	你能教我偷东西吗
The cat is black.	猫是黑色的
The doorbell rang.	门铃儿响了
Tom should be worried.	Tom	应该要担心
I advertised my car for sale.	我登广告卖我的车
There isn't anyone in the room.	房间里没有任何人
We all hope for peace.	我们都希望和平
To distinguish right from wrong is difficult.	要分清是非是困难的
I can't believe Tom is really planning to do this.	我无法相信汤姆真的打算做这事儿
The best hairdressers are gay.	最好的理发师是同性恋
You're the one who suggested that we travel together.	你是那个建议我们一起旅行的人
Lift your right arm.	举起你的右臂
Turn the light on, please.	麻烦开灯一下
I agree with that opinion.	我同意那个意见
Tom and Mary own a small organic farm.	汤姆和玛丽拥有一个小型的有机农场
Tom put his hand over the microphone.	汤姆把手放在麦克风上
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and mute.	海伦
He studies history at college.	他在大学修读历史
I have everything I need.	我有我需要的所有东西
She asked him why he was crying, but he didn't answer.	她问他为什么哭
I'll keep my word, whatever may happen.	不管发生什么
He couldn't get the job.	他无法得到这份工作
God knows that we did everything we could.	上帝知道我们做了我们所能做的事
He wrote it down in his notebook.	他把这记在他的笔记本上
They come from the south of France.	他们是从法国南部来的
It's our fault.	它是我们的错误
If you sing, we'll sing with you.	如果你唱
America did away with slavery.	美国废除了奴隶制度
Flying a kite can be dangerous.	放风筝可以是危险的
The teacher made him stay after school.	老师要他放学后留在学校
I don't drink coffee at all.	我一点咖啡也不喝
He likes to smoke in the toilet.	他喜欢在厕所里吸烟
Tom told Mary she couldn't do that.	汤姆告诉玛丽她不能做那件事
You don't need to speak so loud.	你不必这么大声说话
Hold on a minute, please.	请稍等一下
They don't know anything.	他们什么都不知道
Do you want to drink some water?	你要喝水吗
Tom is sick.	汤姆病了
This is too expensive!	这太贵了
My father is in his room.	我父亲在他的房间里
Tom put his wallet on the table.	汤姆把钱包放在了桌子上
I couldn't make him understand it.	我无法让他明白
Beer is sold by the pint.	啤酒论品脱卖
Why did you cry so much?	你为甚么哭得这么厉害
I'm the second oldest of three children.	我是三个孩子中第二大的
We ordered Chinese food.	我们点了中餐
See you later.	再见
Don't tell anybody.	别跟任何人说哟
The service is excellent in this hotel.	这家酒店服务很好
Your voice reminds me of my late grandmother.	我的声音让我想起了我已故的祖母
We'll go on a picnic if it's fine tomorrow.	如果明天天气好
Pour melted butter over the popcorn.	将融化了的奶油倒入爆米花中
Tom is trying to figure out how to do that now.	汤姆现在正在想办法去做那件事
Give me the number.	把那个号码给我
I think I understand.	我想我懂了
Why would they need to do that?	为什么他们会需要那么做呢
She showed him to his seat.	她领他到他的座位上
I know it's hard to believe.	我知道
I shouldn't have done that.	我不应该做那件事的
Tom embraced his father.	汤姆拥抱了他的父亲
I'm taking an exam in January.	我一月份要参加考试
Do you have a steady boyfriend?	你有一个固定的男朋友吗
It only costs $10.00!	只要十元
I don't care for eggs.	我不喜欢鸡蛋
I met the prince himself.	我见到了王子真人
He doesn't look his age.	他的长相与年龄不符
Is there anything that needs to be done?	有甚么事要做吗
Tom has only a week to decide.	汤姆只有一周时间做决定
I'm going to see Tom in the morning.	我早上去见汤姆
These days it snows quite a lot.	这些天下了好多雪
One of my bags is missing.	我的一个包包不见了
He is studying at his desk.	他正在他的书桌旁读书
Run and hide in the mountains.	跑到山里躲起来
They would have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.	车子若是掉落悬崖他们早就没命了
Two men are checking on what's wrong with the car.	两个男人在检查汽车出了什么故障
You have to follow the rules.	你必须遵守规则
My mother is a lawyer.	我妈妈是律师
I almost forgot all about that.	我几乎忘了所有关于那件事
He wrote one letter.	他写了一封信
Jazz fusion is a combination of rock and jazz.	融合爵士是摇滚乐与爵士乐的融合
He was suffering from a bad headache.	他正遭受严重头痛的困扰
A good cook doesn't throw out yesterday's soup.	一个好的厨师不会丢掉昨天的汤
Drive carefully.	安全地驾驶
I wrote it all down.	我全写下来了
The danger is over.	危险已过去
Get it done as soon as possible.	尽快把它完成
Tom dragged himself out of bed and put on his clothes.	汤姆从床上爬起来
I'm an optimist by nature.	我天生是一个乐观主义者
The book is here.	那本书在这里
I do not sleep well.	我睡不好
She's only a child.	她只是个孩子
How do you say that in Italian?	那个词用意大利语怎么说
My grandma gave me this necklace.	这条项链是我奶奶送给我的
I'm not accustomed to such treatment.	我不习惯这样的待遇
I'd really like to go to Boston with you.	我不想跟你去波士顿
Sorry, but I can't hear you very well.	对不起
I've got to stop eating such sweet ice cream.	我必须停止吃那么甜的冰激凌
I have the key to the safe.	保险箱的钥匙在我这儿
We don't have any more bread.	我们没面包了
We were astonished to hear what had happened.	我们听到所发生的事
Tom was the one who suggested I buy this.	汤姆是建议我买这个的人
I saw your brother the other day.	前几天我看到了你哥哥
I'm familiar with the author's name.	我对这位作者的名字很熟悉
I like summer the best.	我最喜欢夏天
They bought a box of cookies.	他们买了一盒曲奇
Are you sure Tom will come back?	你确定汤姆会回来吗
I was born in 1988.	我生于
We intended to let you in on the secret.	我们打算让你知道这个秘密
Tom is a high school student.	汤姆是个高中生
I can see the light.	我能看到光线
Do you have a lot of pens?	你有很多笔吗
Send us a telegram when you arrive.	当你到的时候发一份电报给我们
Tom hasn't lost his confidence.	汤姆还没有失去信心
Tom realized he had lost his wallet.	汤姆意识到他丢了钱包
Who cares?	爱谁谁
How far is it from the airport to the hotel?	从机场到旅馆多远
My strength is all gone.	我的力气耗尽了
I love jokes about animals.	我爱听有关动物的笑话
I said to myself, "That's a good idea."	我对自己说
Tom has something else to say.	汤姆还有想说的事
We're special.	我们很特别
It's not going to be long.	不会花很多时间的
Can you tell me a little about yourself?	你能稍微告诉我关于自己的事情吗
I know Tom can stop me from doing that.	我知道汤姆不能阻止我做那件事
May I open the windows?	可以开窗吗
I need another pillow.	我还需要一个枕头
Tom claims he doesn't remember.	汤姆声称他不记得了
I'll call for you at eight tomorrow morning.	我明早八点来接你
Fluency in English is a very marketable skill today.	流利的英语在今天是一种十分抢手的技能
The car is in the garage.	车在车库里
He was injured in a traffic accident.	他在一次车祸中受伤了
Tom loves hockey.	汤姆喜欢曲棍球
I'm home, Mom!	我回来了
When was it built?	它是什么时候建成的
She's on a diet.	她在节食
Don't bother me.	别来烦我
Mary is very cute.	玛丽非常可爱
I have a lot of homework to do.	我有很多作业要做
I do not play the piano.	我不弹钢琴
Do you run every day?	你每天都跑步吗
Tom is married.	汤姆已经结婚了
Shortly after the accident, the police came.	事故发生后不久
There is a television in the room.	房里有个电视机
Are there many trees in the park?	公园里有很多树吗
Is this the right bus for Boston?	这辆是去波士顿正确的巴士吗
How is your family?	你家里人都还好吗
The police held him in custody.	警方拘留了他
Tom comes home every day at 2:30.	汤姆每天
I am a student in a university.	我是一名大学生
I want Tom to wait.	我想让汤姆等着
I spent the whole day reading that novel.	我一整天都在看这本小说
Japan is located in Asia.	日本在亚洲
We haven't finished eating the watermelon yet.	我们还没吃完这个西瓜
The amount of paper produced by a country is closely related to its cultural standards.	一个国家纸的产量和它的文明程度密切相关
I introduced Mary to my parents.	我把玛丽介绍给我的父母了
She divorced her husband.	她与丈夫离婚
Then what?	那又怎样
I was learning.	我在学习
Science begins when you ask why and how.	为何如何
There's something strange about Tom today.	今天汤姆有点奇怪
This is very good.	这很好
He studied very hard.	他学习非常努力
Who are we?	我们是谁
Could you stop saying that?	你能不说了吗
The poor child was on the verge of starvation.	那可怜的孩子快饿死了
Everyone ought to be the master of his own destiny.	每个人都应该做自己命运的主人
She remained silent all day.	她一整天都沉默不语
Two teas and a coffee, please.	请来两杯茶和一杯咖啡
Tom can't afford that.	汤姆负担不起
Tom didn't agree to do it.	汤姆不同意做
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.	我想知道汤姆为什么要我们那样做
Even though Tom is wealthy, he isn't happy.	即使汤姆很有钱
Mastering a foreign language calls for patience.	精通一种外语需要耐心
The door clicked shut.	门咔哒一声关上了
Nobody knows why.	没人知道为什么
Let me know the result as soon as you can.	尽早让我知道结果
How dare you say that to me!	你怎么能这么对我说话
Do not read while walking.	不要边走边看书
The train has arrived.	这班火车已经到了
Tom watched Mary draw a picture.	汤姆看玛丽画一幅画
Stop putting off finding a job.	不要拖延去找工作的事
He has a round face.	他有一张圆脸
Please fill out this form.	请填写这份表格
I advised her to come by 9:00.	我建议她九点前来
His house is somewhere around here.	他家在这儿某处
He doesn't seem to be an American.	他似乎不是美国人
He does not like tennis.	他不喜欢网球
If you don't leave, I'll sic my dogs on you.	如果你不离开
You're such an idiot.	你真是个傻瓜
She visits the dentist on a regular basis, so she seldom gets toothaches.	她定期去看牙医
Thank you for drawing a bird for me.	谢谢你为我画鸟
Read this book.	看这本书
Some people felt that Tom's behavior was inappropriate.	一部分人感觉
Tom likes chocolate cake a lot.	汤姆很喜欢巧克力蛋糕
Who were they talking about?	他们在讨论谁
Are you studying English?	你在研读英语吗
No matter what happens, I'll keep my promise.	不管发生什么
I couldn't get him to stop smoking.	我无法让他停止吸烟
Tom put the large picnic basket on the passenger seat next to him.	汤姆把那个大野餐篮子放在他旁边的乘客座位上
I like drawing.	我喜欢画画
Man cannot live forever.	人无法长生不死
She usually goes to bed at nine.	她经常九点睡觉
How much is this handkerchief?	请问这个手帕多少钱
When you pose a question, you expect an answer.	当你提出一个问题
This boy is lazy.	这个男孩子很懒
Hide in the closet.	你藏进柜子里去
Do you really want it?	你真的想要吗
Tom lacks flexibility.	汤姆缺乏灵活性
I'm a translator.	我是个翻译
I don't get the joke.	我没弄明白这个笑话
Weather permitting, we will leave in an hour.	如果天气允许的话
Turn right.	向右转
Tom had no idea why Mary didn't want to do that.	汤姆不知道玛丽为什么不去做
She tossed me grapes and I tried to catch them with my mouth.	她朝我丢葡萄
You are a friend of Tom's, aren't you?	你是汤姆的朋友
You knew about this already, didn't you?	你已经知道了
They won't allow us to enter the garden.	他们不会允许我们进花园的
Try again.	再试一下
Where are you off to?	你要去哪里
The magician had the children's attention.	魔术师吸引了孩子们的注意
Can you please tell me where the restaurant is?	请问您能告诉我那家餐馆在哪吗
Because he's sick, he can't come.	因为他生病了
About how long will it take to get there by bus?	搭公车到那里大约要花多久的时间
I'm going to propose to her.	我打算向她求婚
Can I borrow some money from you?	我可以向你借一些钱
Sing a song with me.	和我唱首歌
That toy is made of wood.	这个玩具是木制的
What happened to Tom's head?	汤姆的头怎么了
This is my younger sister.	这是我的妹妹
Tom can walk.	汤姆能走路
Tom was buried Monday.	汤姆在周一被埋了
She's my best friend.	她是我最好的朋友
Tom became blind.	汤姆失明了
She speaks a little Arabic.	她说一点阿拉伯语
It's sort of strange.	有点奇怪
Tom fed his leftovers to his dog.	汤姆把他的厨余喂给他的狗吃
I quit smoking a year ago.	我一年前戒了烟
Possibly the factory will be closed down next week.	下周工厂可能会关
I didn't know about your plan.	我不知道你的计划
Will you wait a moment?	麻烦您稍待一下
You need a vacation.	你需要个假期
Would you like some more beer?	你想再喝些啤酒吗
As long as you are here, we might as well begin.	既然你在这里
The potato was so hot that it burned my mouth.	土豆太热
You don't have to buy me anything.	你不必为我买什么
Tom got fat.	汤姆胖了
She waited for hours and hours.	她等了好几个小时
Long hair is out of fashion now.	长发现在过时了
I didn't know that Tom was going to be arrested.	我不知道汤姆要被逮捕了
There are no live animals in the museum.	这博物馆里面没有活的生物
It isn't a watch.	这不是手表
They now have three kids.	现在他们有三个孩子
Why do I have to do that?	我为什么一定要那么做
It's just your imagination.	这仅是你的想像而已
I read about him in the newspaper.	我在报纸上读到有关他的消息
Why do you want to kill me?	你为什么想杀我
The doctors are looking at an x-ray.	医生在观察
Tom said that Mary was probably still studying French.	汤姆说玛丽可能还在学法语
My grandmother can't see very well.	我的祖母无法看得很清楚
I go to school.	我去学校
It is becoming warmer day by day.	一天天热起来了
I was barely able to work.	我几乎不能工作了
You need to redecorate your room.	你需要装修你的房间
He is hard to deal with.	他很难对付
At last, it began to rain.	终于开始下雨了
My wife is cooking right now.	我妻子正在做饭
May I have something to drink?	我可以喝点东西吗
Tom doesn't mind helping Mary occasionally.	汤姆不介意偶尔给予玛丽帮助
My car broke down this morning and won't be repaired until Friday.	我的车今天早上坏了
Is anybody there?	那边有人吗
She can speak three languages.	她会讲三种语言
Give me an orange.	给我一个橙子
I'd like to talk about your situation.	我想谈谈你的情况
This is a dangerous mission.	这是个危险的任务
I have already finished this book.	我已经读完了这本书
You're not trying to trick me, are you?	你没打算耍我
Father would often read detective stories in his spare time.	父亲常常在空闲时间读侦探小说
Awesome!	好棒
We elected her captain of our team.	我们选她为我们队的队长
Did you eat at home before you came here?	你来之前在家里吃饭了吗
Let me handle this.	让我来处理
I gave Tom a going-away present.	我送给汤姆一份临别礼物
Please put on your shoes.	请穿上你的鞋子
An electric current can generate magnetism.	电流可以产生磁性
Make a list.	列一个列表
You need to put more water in the vase.	你需要往花瓶里加更多的水
Tom needs to stay behind.	汤姆必须留下
The boys kept quiet.	男孩子们保持安静
Why did you cry?	你为什么哭
They make frequent trips to Europe.	他们经常去欧洲
They have a very nice veranda.	他们有一个非常漂亮的暖房
I thought that Tom would sleep until noon.	我认为汤姆会睡到中午
It will be spring soon.	春天快来了
This isn't my car.	这不是我的车
I always eat out.	我总是在外面吃饭
Jesus loves you.	耶稣爱你
What did you have for lunch?	你们午饭吃了什么
How far is it from here?	离这儿有多远
My sister usually walks to school.	我妹妹通常走路上学
Tom has his own problems.	汤姆有他自己的问题
She appears to have a lot of friends.	她看起来好像有很多朋友
What kind of wine do you have?	您有什么样的葡萄酒
She did nothing but cry all the while.	她一直哭哭啼啼
I watched TV this morning.	我今天早上看了电视
This job doesn't pay.	这个工作没有酬劳
He has no chance of succeeding.	他没有成功的机会
Tom said he's going to tell us what he knows.	汤姆说他要把他知道的告诉我们
I like these.	我喜欢这些东西
Some say that China was like a Russian colony.	有人说中国像是俄国的殖民地
I don't like hitchhiking.	我不喜欢搭便车
She is wearing a white dress today.	她今天穿著白色的衣服
What are you doing down there?	你在那里干什么
That's a good question.	那是一个很好的问题
My father's a doctor.	我父亲是个大夫
This book is hard for me to read.	这本书对我来说很难读
He lived abroad for many years.	他居住在国外多年
Someone is watching.	有人在监视
Give me your opinion, please.	请给我你的意见
Help us reach our goal.	帮助我们达成目标
I wish you success.	祝你成功
Reading books is interesting.	看书很有意思
You've been late for school more often than before.	你比以前更容易上课迟到了
That's the reason I bought this book.	那是我买这本书的原因
He studied English history.	他学了英国历史
What do you do before breakfast?	早餐前你做什么
Frankly speaking, he's wrong.	坦率地说
I'll do what I can to help you.	我会尽力帮你
She looks young.	她看起来很年轻
A lot of trees were cut down.	很多树被砍倒
I'd rather not go out this evening.	我今天晚上宁可不要出门
I bought two tickets for a concert.	我买了两张音乐会的票
I like red wine better than white wine.	我喜欢红葡萄酒胜过白葡萄酒
Why isn't anyone visiting my website?	为什么没人来我的网站呢
Save yourself.	拯救你自己
He founded the school five years ago.	他在五年前创立了这所学校
She was very proud of her father.	她为她的父亲感到非常骄傲
I got up very late this morning.	今天早上我起得很晚
Everybody jumped into the pool.	每个人都跳进了游泳池
I was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang.	我正要离开家的时候电话响了
More than twenty boys went there.	超过二十个男孩去了那里
Everybody is supposed to know the law, but few people really do.	每一个人都应该知法懂法
I'm single.	我单身
That'll change nothing.	这样做的话什么都不会改变的
Tell me Tom's email address.	告诉我汤姆的邮箱地址吧
Did you have a good weekend?	你周末过得怎么样
I should've paid more attention.	我应该多加注意
Is there a youth hostel near here?	附近有没有青年旅舍
How did you like the party?	你觉得这个派对如何
How much is this T-shirt?	这件衬衫多少钱
She kept the secret to herself.	她守著这个秘密
Tom's room is dirty.	汤姆的房间很脏
I think Tom would be pleased.	我认为汤姆会高兴
I wondered if her story was true.	我想知道她的故事是否是真的
I have three million dollars.	我有三百万美圆
Don't be disappointed.	不要失望
Why don't you give your mouth a rest?	为什么不让你的嘴巴休息呢
See you soon!	一会儿见
It is rude to laugh at others.	嘲笑别人是无礼的
I'll take your suitcase to your room.	我会把你的手提箱拿到你的房间
I was shocked by yesterday's news.	昨天的消息让我感到震惊
Have you gotten used to living in the dorm?	你习惯在宿舍生活了吗
I built an amplifier yesterday.	昨天我组装了一个扬声器
Tom doesn't want to work after he's sixty.	汤姆
I resign.	我放弃
I know you don't want to be lonely.	我知道你不想一个人呆著
I need to study math.	我需要学习数学
Hug Tom.	抱抱汤姆
I am going to the store now.	我现在要去这家商店
He's studying.	他在读书
I don't want to lose you again.	我不想再失去你
He has a large family to support.	他有一大家子要养
He decided not to go to the party.	他决定不要去派对了
Have you been fired?	你曾经被开除过吗
What're you planning to do?	你打算做什么
The children were flying kites.	孩子们在放风筝
There's some water left.	还剩一点水
She said that she was ill.	她说她病了
What time does your plane leave?	你的飞机什么时候起飞
There's no way off the island.	没有办法离开这个岛
What's for dinner tonight?	今天晚饭吃什么
You are taller than she is.	你们比她高
Thank you ever so much.	非常感谢
Tom or somebody said that.	汤姆或某人说了
You look just like your older brother.	你看起来很像你的哥哥
Please don't shoot.	请不要开枪
Call me at 9:00 tomorrow.	明天九点打电话给我吧
The plane took off.	飞机起飞了
She acknowledged that my statement was true.	她承认我的声明是真实的
I wish I hadn't said that at the party.	我希望我在聚会上没说过那话
I would rather live by myself than do as he tells me to do.	我宁愿自己独立生活也不要他来指使我
Nobody knows why he turns down my help.	没有人知道他为何拒绝我帮忙
We don't like our neighbors, and they don't like us, either.	我们不喜欢我们的邻居
Who is in charge of the office while the boss is away?	在主任不在的时候
That furniture is my mother's.	那个家具是我母亲的
Go when you want.	你想走的时候就走吧
So what do we do now?	该怎么办呢
I can't understand what happened.	我不懂发生了什么
He is not a good driver.	他不擅长开车
Is it all right to take pictures in this building?	我们可以在大楼里拍照吗
Where is nearest American Express office?	最近的美国运通办公室在哪里
I paid him five dollars.	我付了他五块美元
Here are your keys.	把你的钥匙给你
I ran as fast as I could to catch the train.	为了赶上火车我使出全力奔跑
It's spring.	春天了
We're boys.	我们是男孩
Someone smashed the windshield of my new car.	有人把我新车的挡风玻璃砸碎了
Do you hear what I'm saying?	你在听我说吗
They won't come until tomorrow.	他们直到明天前不会来
Tom has big hands.	汤姆的手大
Tom became a minister.	汤姆当上了部长
How much will it cost you to go by air?	坐飞机将花你多少钱
Almost everybody was invited.	几乎每个人都被邀请了
You have many books.	您有很多书
True love never grows old.	真爱不会变老
Sooner or later, we'll know the truth.	我们迟早会知道真相
He is old enough to drive a car.	他的年纪可以开车了
He came home late in the evening.	他晚上很晚回家
Be quiet, all of you.	你们所有的人都安静
Tom doesn't like any kind of spicy food.	汤姆不喜欢任何辣的食物
What have you guys done to me?	你们到底对我做了什么
Would you like to know how I did that?	你想知道我是怎么做到的吗
It may never happen.	它可能永远都不会发生
Do you weigh more than Tom?	你有比汤姆重吗
Meet me there.	在那里见我
Some object to Tom's opinion.	有些人反对汤姆的意见
Why should I apologize to you?	为什么我要向你道歉
The old man is blind in one eye.	这个老人一只眼看不见了
This is my property.	这是我的财产
"Where were you?" "I was at a friend's house."	“	你在哪里
You can come at any time.	你随时可以来
This wine is very good.	这酒很好
Those shoes won't do for climbing.	那种鞋子用来登山是不行的
We have so many things left to do.	我们有许多未完成的事
Who's in charge of this section?	谁负责这个部门
Do you want to learn French?	您想学法语吗
You look just like your mother.	你看起来就像你的母亲
I've got something I want to show you.	我有东西想给你看看
This isn't for you.	这不是给你的
May I ask a question?	我能问个问题吗
Tom cut his finger.	汤姆切到了手指
I want to travel around the world.	我要环游世界
She's on a diet.	她在节食中
You don't look too good.	你看上去不太好
Can you translate English into Japanese?	你可以把英文翻译成日语吗
She couldn't answer the question.	她无法回答这个问题
She was very proud of her father.	她非常地以她父亲为荣
He was an honest man.	他以前是个诚实的人
I get up at 6:30 on school days.	他在上学的日子里
I've decided to become an engineer.	我决定当个工程师
The old man is blind in one eye.	这名老人一只眼盲了
Do you need an ambulance?	你需要救护车吗
The company went bankrupt.	公司破产了
Please deal the cards.	请发一下牌
Tom doesn't know what he should do now.	汤姆不知道他现在应该做什么
Where are you planning to spend the night?	你打算去哪儿过夜
He painted a dog.	他画了一只狗
When was it finished?	是什么时候完成的
We hope you will enjoy the show.	我们希望你喜欢这个表演
My parents usually speak to each other in French, even though my mother is a native English speaker.	我父母通常用法语对话
What's in the drawer?	抽屉里面有什么
What should I buy?	我要买什么
She continued with the work.	她继续工作
I'm playing volleyball now.	我现在在打排球
He will not listen to me.	他不会听我的
Put on your good shoes.	穿上你的好鞋
I like being on the team.	我喜欢在队伍里
He gave her a piece of paper.	他给了她一张纸
Are you going to sing here?	你们要在这里唱歌吗
Help yourself to whatever you like.	随你喜欢随便吃
Show me another example.	再给我举个例子
Tom finally did something right.	汤姆最终做了点正确的事
I wish I had a car.	但愿我有一辆车
I'd like to join your group.	我想加入你们的团队
The curtains make this room beautiful.	窗帘是房间变漂亮了
I was the last one to turn in my test.	我是最后交的考试卷
You have no need to be ashamed.	你不需要害羞
I tried not to cry.	我努力忍住哭
Tom wants to be the boss.	汤姆想当老板
I helped her wash dishes.	我帮她洗碗
I wanted to surprise her.	我想给她一个惊喜
I give up.	我放弃
I agree with you completely.	我完全赞同你
I gave up smoking a year ago.	我一年前戒了烟
Hang in there.	坚持
No one thinks Tom will win the race.	没人认为汤姆赛跑会赢
I had no idea Tom wasn't happy.	我不知道汤姆不开心
Please drive the car more slowly.	请开车开慢一点
I finally persuaded him to buy it.	我终于说服了他买它
I dove into the river.	我跳进了河里
I wanted to thank you for what you did today.	我想为你今天所做的事感谢你
He graduated from Harvard University with honors.	他光荣地从哈佛大学毕业了
Compared to Tokyo, London is small.	和东京比
He held a package under his arm.	他挟著一个包裹
Teachers also make mistakes.	老师也会犯错
Someone is always on duty.	哈哈
A cat has a tail and four legs.	一只猫有一条尾巴和四只脚
Tom works at home.	汤姆在家工作
What happened here was unavoidable.	这里发生的事是不可避免的
I'm coming to see you tomorrow.	我明天会来看你
After he had graduated from the university, he taught English for two years.	从他大学毕业以后
Please turn off the TV.	请关闭电视机
It suddenly started raining.	突然开始下雨
Thank you.	谢谢
He didn't give me much advice.	他没给我多少建议
In case of emergency, call the police.	在紧急情况下
Were you able to do everything you wanted to get done?	你是不是有能力做到你想要完成的所有事情呢
I'd like to swim in this river.	我想在这条河里游泳
I made Tom eat it.	我让汤姆吃它
We'll talk about it tomorrow.	我们明天讨论它
Did you pay for the book?	你付钱买这本书了吗
We have one of your friends here with us.	你的一个朋友在我们这里
I speak French every day at work.	我每天工作时都讲法语
Wine is poetry put into a bottle.	酒是灌入瓶中的诗
I should've brought my camera.	我应该把我的相机带来
She can assess investments very accurately.	她能很准确地评估投资
May I eat this orange?	我可以吃这个柳橙吗
You're not me.	你不是我
I read the book from cover to cover.	那本书我从头到尾看完了
Everyone held their breath to see who would win the presidential election.	所有人都屏住呼吸关注着谁会赢得总统竞选
Well done!	做得好
We get the materials from Malaysia.	我们从马来西亚得到材料
I have two daughters and two sons.	我有两个女儿和两个儿子
If you don't behave, Santa won't come.	你一旦不做个乖孩子
What's the weather like now?	现在的天气怎么样了
Tom said that Mary likes to drive.	汤姆说玛丽喜欢驾车
That is not my line.	这不是我拿手的
I take a bath every morning in the summer.	在夏季
Tom hopes you're able to attend his party.	汤姆希望你能参加他的派对
It's about three square miles.	大概三平方英里
You must pay attention to his advice.	你一定要注意他的建议
She is Tom's older sister.	她是
Something is better than nothing.	聊胜于无
I picked up a pretty shell at the seaside.	我在海边捡了个漂亮贝壳
Be careful what you say.	注意言行
I get two hours' exercise every day.	我每天做两个小时的运动
Take whichever you want.	拿你想要的
I grew up in a poor family.	我出身贫寒
Take as many peaches as you like.	你想拿多少桃子就拿多少
What is the title of your new book?	你新书的书名是什么
Tom has a reservation.	汤姆有预约
The policeman grabbed the robber's arm.	警察抓著小偷的胳膊
The rumor was without foundation.	谣言是毫无根据的
Tom is going to a concert this evening.	汤姆今晚会去演唱会
It was beginning to snow.	开始下雪了
I was very, very lucky.	我非常非常幸运
What have you been doing this week?	你这个星期一直在做什么
He shut the door.	他关上了门
Long skirts are out of fashion now.	现在长裙不流行了
I was somewhere else.	我在另一个地方
Tom is annoying Mary.	汤姆在烦玛丽亚
You're too drunk to drive.	你酒喝得太醉了不能开车
May I ask you for your name and address?	我能问一下您的姓名和住址吗
We should ban advertising aimed towards children.	我们应该禁止针对儿童的广告
Don't you want to know the reason?	你不想知道为什么吗
I still don't understand what's going on.	我还是不明白出了什么事
She is very thoughtful and patient.	她非常周到和耐心
I have more books than I can read.	我拥有的书比我能读的书多
I have plenty of money with me.	我身上带著很多钱
Do you have many friends?	你有很多朋友吗
Mary wore a white miniskirt.	玛丽穿著一条白色的迷你裙
What he says makes no sense at all.	他说的话根本毫无意义
He was present at the meeting.	他出席了会议
I really need to read all this.	我真的需要把这都读了
It was raining when we arrived.	我们到的时候正在下雨
Has she ever fallen in love?	她曾经坠入过爱河吗
They won't come until tomorrow.	他们明天才会来
Why do you love me?	你为什么喜欢我
She's Tom's younger sister.	她是汤姆的妹妹
My friend invited me to go out to dinner.	我的朋友邀请我去吃晚餐
The president is difficult to approach.	总统很难接近
Would you like to eat something?	你想吃点东西吗
The price does not include the box.	这个价格不包含这个箱子
Yes. That's right.	是的
Do you know what I'm doing?	你知道我在做什么吗
She had just come home when I called.	我打电话的时候
Study hard so you don't fail.	努力学习
Where would you like to go next?	你下一步想去哪里
This makes me so angry.	这让我非常愤怒
He is my old friend.	他是我的老朋友
Tom had a drink in his hand.	汤姆手里拿着饮料
What is it you want to know?	你想知道什么
Tom said that he didn't like air conditioning.	汤姆说他不喜欢空调
I thank you very much for your kindness.	我十分感谢你的好意
Is this your apple?	这是你们的苹果吗
She is not afraid of anything.	她不害怕任何东西
How old are your kids?	你的孩子多大了
Tell Tom what you heard.	把你听到的告诉汤姆
Get out!	出去
War must be avoided at all costs.	战争必须不惜一切代价地去避免
I am a college student.	我是个大学生
Are you sure you and Tom have enough water?	你确定你和汤姆有足够的水吗
May I see your claim tags?	我可以看看你的行李条吗
He tried to concentrate on the letter.	他试图把注意力集中在信上
UK is the abbreviation for the United Kingdom.	UK	是英国的缩写
They're all innocent children.	他们都是天真的孩子
Thank you for the pleasant evening.	谢谢你让我度过一个愉快的晚上
Who is the secretary?	谁是秘书
I've never seen such a wonderful sunset.	我从没见过那么壮丽的日落景色
Tom has been expecting Mary.	汤姆预计玛莉会来
That will put you in danger.	那将会使你处于危险
What were Tom and Mary doing here?	汤姆和玛丽在这里做了甚么
Check, please.	请结帐
I like to walk in the country.	我喜欢在乡间散步
He was always annoyed in the city by noises of one sort or another.	他在城市里一直受到噪音或者其他的干扰
Take the pan off the fire.	把平底锅离火
I want to finish the work on my own.	我想要独立完成工作
China is twenty times as large as Japan.	中国是日本的
He did not appear until about noon.	直到快要中午前他都没出现
What're you watching?	你在看什么
The woman glared at us.	女人瞪了我们
She went into her room to change her dress.	她进了她的房间换裙子
I'll give you a book.	我会给你一本书
Stop shooting.	停止射击
Democracy encourages freedom.	民主支持自由
We had a lot of snow last year.	去年下了很多雪
I'm just writing a letter to my girlfriend.	我只是在写一封信给我的女友
Will I see you tomorrow?	我明天能见到你吗
One after another, the animals died.	动物一个接一个的死亡
I'll be back by six o'clock.	我将
We did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time.	我们没指望过他在那么短的时间里完成工作
He is very busy writing stories.	他忙于写故事
I don't like wearing socks.	我不喜欢穿袜子
I go to church on Sunday.	周日我去做礼拜
There's no use making excuses.	借口是没用的
I'll phone you later.	我晚点打给你
He had no idea why his wife left him.	他不知道为什么他的妻子要离开他
Their way of thinking is behind the times.	他们的想法太过时了
I don't know what the time is.	我不知道现在几点钟
I'm almost sure of it.	我几乎能确定
All of the milk was spilled.	所有的牛奶都溢出去了
I repeated the word several times for her.	我为她重复念这个字很多遍
He looks happy.	他看上去很幸福
Would you like to have another beer?	再来一杯啤酒怎么样
I'm afraid you have the wrong number.	我恐怕您打错电话了
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.	我吃腻了汉堡
We studied English.	我们学了英语
Why didn't you stop them?	你为什么不阻止他们
Air is a mixture of gases.	空气是气体的混合物
The accident happened the day before yesterday.	事故发生在前天
He is still very much alive.	他依旧充满活力
Tom isn't going to stop.	汤姆不会停
How's your daughter?	你女儿怎么了
What is it?	它是什么
I have nothing to complain about.	我没有什么可抱怨的
He's an expert in astronomy.	他是个天文学专家
Can you get up?	你能起床吗
I don't like what he said.	我不喜欢他说的话
The project was a complete failure.	这个计划彻底的失败了
Horses are animals.	马是动物
He's new in town.	他刚来这镇上
Did you buy the pomegranate juice?	你买石榴汁了吗
I don't want to go to church today.	今天我不想去教堂
It will be fine this afternoon.	今天下午天气会很好
Drive carefully.	开车小心点
Tom and Mary are very hungry.	汤姆和玛丽很饿
That wasn't the main reason why Tom needed to do that.	这不是汤姆要做那件事的主要原因
It's fall now.	现在是秋天
We arrived here at six yesterday evening.	昨天晚上六点钟我们来到了这里
Do you want a cup of coffee?	来杯咖啡吗
This smells like cheese.	这有一股芝士的味道
Who is that old man?	那个老男人是谁
Put the book back on the shelf.	把书放回书架上
Don't exaggerate.	不要再夸张了
A couple from Boston was also killed.	来自波士顿的一对夫妇也被杀害了
Tom can't speak French well.	汤姆说法语说得不太好
I never liked biology.	我从来没喜欢过生物学
Are you able to swim?	你会游泳吗
Do we have milk in the fridge?	我们冰箱里有牛奶吗
They turned around.	他们转过身
I'd rather do it by myself.	我更愿意自己做
I don't need anything.	我什么都不需要
Her birthday party will be tomorrow evening.	她的生日宴会将在明天晚上
I'll show you my room.	我会带你看看我的房间
I'm looking forward to your visit.	我期待著您的光临
France is running a welfare state it can no longer afford.	法国是一个福利国家
We require your help.	我们需要你的帮助
Who's the boy that's swimming over there?	在那边游泳的男孩是谁
I eat bread.	我吃面包
A friend in need is a friend indeed.	在你有需要的时候
I can swim across the river.	我能游泳过河
Is there anything in the box?	盒子里有任何东西吗
Tom doesn't talk much.	汤姆说话不多
Mix the flour with two eggs.	把面粉和两颗鸡蛋混合
Tom is my grandfather.	Tom	是我爷爷
What are you hiding?	你在掩饰什么
There's only one window in my room.	我的房间里只有一个窗户
My stomach's full.	我吃饱了
If the lion is the king of beasts, the eagle is the king of birds.	狮子是兽类之王的话
How do you feel now?	你现在感觉如何
I don't like this.	我不喜欢
This might not be a genuine diamond.	这可能不是一颗真的钻石
Tom knows Mary was here.	汤姆知道玛丽在这里
I think that I'm intelligent.	我觉得我很聪明
I will wait here until he comes back.	我会在这里等着到他回来的
I don't believe the child came to Tokyo alone.	我不相信孩子能独自到东京
I'd like to see a doctor.	我要看病
That river is dangerous.	那条河是危险的
How do you know that belongs to Tom?	你是怎么知道那是汤姆的
No other dog is bigger than this.	别的狗都没这只狗大
This is difficult to believe.	这让人难以置信
Tom can't work this evening.	汤姆今晚不能工作
Tom's cooking was actually not so bad.	汤姆的厨艺其实不那么糟糕
I'm new at this kind of work.	我在这种工作上是新人
I told Tom I wouldn't do that anymore.	我告诉汤姆我不会再做了
I think I'm going to cry.	我看来要哭了
It looks like Tom will do what we've asked him to do.	看来汤姆会按我们要求的去做
It was a very stupid decision.	这是一个十分愚蠢的决定
Just put yourself in my shoes.	你站在我的立场上考虑看看
Now it's your serve.	现在该你发球
This apple is very red.	这只苹果非常红
Tom is building a house.	汤姆在盖房子
The train has pulled in.	这班火车已经到了
I had intended to go there.	我本来打算去那里
Mary isn't as active as her sister.	玛丽没她姐妹活跃
This is the cheapest store in town.	这是镇上最便宜的商店
It hardly ever snows here in the winter.	这里的冬天很少下雪
Please tell me.	请告诉我
My uncle gave me a gift.	我叔叔给了我一份礼物
I can't make an exception.	我不能破例
Everybody will die.	人固有一死
All we need is water.	我们需要的只有水
I wasn't very hungry, so I decided to eat later.	因为我不是很饿
Well, let's go.	好吧
I'd like to make more money.	我想赚更多钱
I'll call you up tomorrow.	明天我给你打电话
Don't just whine, do something!	别只顾着哭
Tom and Mary couldn't help me do that.	汤姆和玛丽不能帮我去做
Thanks for agreeing to come.	谢谢您答应到来
Do you think that my work is easy?	你觉得我的工作简单吗
When people meet, first impressions determine more than 50 percent of whatever happens next.	在人际交往中
The guy with a beard is Tom.	长胡子的是汤姆
I lost three kilograms.	我瘦了三公斤
He is going to run for mayor.	他将竞选市长
Tom knows a lot of people.	汤姆交际广
He divided one million dollars among his five sons.	他把一百万美元分给他五个儿子
Tom and I aren't friends. We're just coworkers.	汤姆跟我不是朋友
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.	这本书是给母语不是日语的学生的
How much money do you have?	你有多少钱
What did you do then?	那你是怎么做的
Are you saying that you give up?	你是说你放弃了吗
I'm delighted to see you.	我很高兴见到你
I certainly wouldn't want to be seen with Tom.	我当然不想被人看见跟汤姆在一起
I'm afraid she won't accept my explanation.	我怕她不会接受我的解释
No one will bother you here.	这里没人会打扰你
The dog attacked the little boy.	这只狗攻击了这个小男孩
You can borrow my car anytime.	你随时可以借用我的车
You'll get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth.	如果你女朋友发现真相的话
Open it carefully.	小心打开
I can't understand why he did that.	我不明白他为什么要做那种事
Would 9 o'clock be all right?	9	点可以吗
The room was illuminated with red lights.	这个房间被红色的灯照亮了
She quit smoking.	她停下来抽烟
Tom learned how to do that from his grandfather.	汤姆从他祖父那里学会了怎么做
There's nothing I can do about it.	我对此无能为力
He remained single all his life.	他一生独身
She gave away all her dolls.	她把她所有的娃娃送给了别人
I wonder if what I wrote was correct.	我在想我写的对不对
The recent advances in medicine are remarkable.	医学的最新进展颇为显著
It rarely snows in this area.	这片区域很少下雪
She bit him.	她咬了他
I suddenly thought of my dead mother.	我忽然想起了我死去的妈妈
Everyone who knew him admired him.	每一个认识他的人都爱慕他
It happened in the blink of an eye.	它发生在一眨眼之间
Don't underestimate my power.	不要小看我的力量
You need to get your eyes checked.	你得检查一下眼睛
I used to smoke a lot, but now I've quit.	我以前常抽烟
I'm breast-feeding my baby.	我喂我的孩子母乳
She and I have nothing in common.	我和她没有共同之处
I'll think it over carefully.	我会仔细考虑
Plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials.	塑料代替了许多传统的原料
I can't ask Tom right now.	我现在不能问汤姆
Money can't buy everything.	金钱不能买到所有的东西
A car is a must for life in the suburbs.	要住在郊区的话
Please turn up the AC a little bit.	请你把冷气调高点
I should tell Tom what I have to do.	我应该告诉汤姆我该做甚么
Tom is a little worried.	汤姆有点担心
They married when they were young.	他们在还很年轻的时候就结婚了
I broke my right leg.	我摔断了右腿
You can stay here until the snow stops.	你可以在这里等到雪停
I share a bedroom with my sister.	我跟我姐姐共用同一间卧房
He was considered very qualified for the job.	人们认为
I adapted the garage for use as a workshop.	我把车库改造成车间使用
Why are you so mean to me?	你为什么对我这么小气
She made a mess of the work.	她工作做得乱七八糟
I trust him.	我信任他
There are more important things in life.	人生里有更重要的事情
He brought us sad news.	他给我们带来了令人难过的消息
The grass looks nice.	草地看来不错
He looks like a clever boy.	他看起来像是个聪明的男孩
I do not know how to use it.	我不知道如何使用它
His advice counted for little.	他的建议不算什么
Tom wanted to be a better teacher.	汤姆想做个更好的教师
The railroad is parallel to the road.	铁路与公路平行
She glanced briefly at the newspaper.	她很快地瞟了一眼报纸
We can't stay in here very long.	我们不能在这里待很长时间
That kind of person will fail for sure.	这种人注定惨败
You can start right now.	你现在可以开始了
I can hardly understand what he says.	我几乎无法了解他说的话
The telephone rang a few minutes later.	几分钟后
You seem to be waiting for somebody.	你看来在等人
You're one of my best friends.	你是我最好的朋友之一
We had an early lunch at school.	我们在学校有一个早午餐
Tom doesn't want to go alone.	汤姆不想一个人走
A football team consists of eleven players.	一个足球队由十一个球员组成
I am not frightened of anything.	我不害怕任何东西
Someone stole my passport.	我的护照被人偷了
I was born on October 10th, 1972.	我出生于
I'm a colleague of Tom's.	我是汤姆的一位同事
It's supper time.	吃晚饭的时间到了
I think she's an honest woman.	我认为她是一个诚实的女人
I don't know anything about their relationship.	我对他们的关系一无所知
Let's eat out tonight.	我们今晚在外面吃饭吧
She often takes advantage of his ignorance.	她常常利用他的无知
You're photogenic.	你很上相
Tom is growing a mustache.	汤姆留著小胡子
A cat came out from under the desk.	一只猫从桌底下出来
All those things are true.	那些事都是真的
Some passengers complained about the service.	有些乘客抱怨服务态度不好
Why don't you come dancing with me?	为什么你不来跟我跳舞
My nephew is allergic to eggs.	我侄子对鸡蛋过敏
We immediately became friends.	我们马上成为了朋友
Do you speak French?	你会讲法语吗
Now is the time for action.	现在是行动的时候了
I studied for one hour.	我读了一个小时的书
Are you sure that's what you want?	你确定那是你想要的吗
Tom wasted time.	汤姆浪费时间
Excuse me, but I feel sick.	不好意思
Tom was popular.	汤姆挺受欢迎
This is your pudding.	这是你的布丁
I hope that you are very well.	我希望你很健康
I owe my success to him.	我把我的成功归功于他
How many blankets are there on the bed?	床上有多少张毯子
Permit me to do that for you.	请允许我为你做
He doesn't have any children.	他没有孩子
You had better go to the dentist's.	你最好去看牙医
I know that you're richer than me.	我知道你比我有钱
He looks suspicious.	他看起来很可疑
She gets up the earliest in my family.	她是我家最早起床的人
Our team lost all of its games.	我们的队伍输了所有的比赛
He has no eye for women.	他对女人没有眼光
Tom doesn't have a dad.	汤姆没有爸爸
What are you punishing them for?	你为什么惩罚他们
Tom wants a computer small enough to easily carry.	汤姆想要个小得易于携带的电脑
Thank you for the wonderful dinner.	为这美好的晚餐谢谢你
You'll have to wait and see.	你得等一等看
I prefer tea to coffee.	我喜欢茶胜过咖啡
The cat is sleeping on the sofa.	猫正在沙发上睡觉
He lives far away from his hometown.	他住得离老家很远
Tom let us know that he needs do that.	汤姆让我们知道他需要做
She looks young. However, she's actually over forty.	她看起来是年轻的
I found the boy fast asleep.	我发觉男孩儿酣然入睡了
I got a good grade in English.	我的英文成绩很好
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow.	他明天将离开芝加哥
I'm sure you'll love what we have on the menu tonight.	我肯定你会喜欢我们今晚的菜肴
He walks fast.	他走路很快
What's the exchange rate today?	今天的汇率是多少
I'm about ready.	我快好了
The ladies were in evening dress.	女士们身着晚礼服
Forewarned is forearmed.	凡事豫则立
Tom knows you better than he knows anyone else.	汤姆对你的了解比对其他人都清楚
I think that she knows the truth.	我觉得她知道真相
The bathtub was filled with hot water and flower petals.	浴缸里满是热水和花瓣
Will you stay at home?	你会待在家吗
We have only one chance.	我们只有一次机会
I thought it was true.	我以为这是真的
Tom's coach likes him.	汤姆的教练喜欢他
Do you think I'm joking?	你觉得我是在开玩笑吗
We'll go when the rain stops.	当雨停了
You don't have to raise your voice.	你不需要提高你的音量
I don't know if he can come tonight.	我不知道他今晚会不会来
I thought that you wanted to see me.	我以为你想见我呢
Under no circumstances must you leave the room.	在任何情况下你都不能离开这个房间
A fire broke out the day before yesterday.	前天发生了火灾
I think this coat should fit you.	我认为这外套应该适合你
He introduced his daughter to me.	他把他的女儿介绍给我认识
The Second World War lasted from 1939 to 1945.	第二次世界大战从
I don't want to miss my train.	我不想错过我的火车
Where's the bathroom?	厕所在哪里
I've never stopped loving Tom.	我从没停止过爱汤姆
My passport was stolen.	我的护照被人偷了
Could you please tell me again why you are late?	你能再向我解释一遍你为什么迟到了吗
You have to give Tom more time.	你必须给汤姆更多时间
He stretched out his arm to take the book.	他伸长了手臂为了能拿到书
She asked how to cook the fish.	她问了怎么烧鱼
I broke a string on my guitar.	我弄断了我吉他的一根弦
I am leaving at four.	我四点要离开
It's been raining since morning.	雨从早上一直下到现在
If I were you, I'd do the same.	如果我是你
Winter is coming.	冬季快来了
Tom won't let you in his house.	汤姆不会让你进他的屋子
Would you look after my cat?	你可以照顾一下我的猫吗
There is a path through the wood.	有一个穿过树林的小路
I'm not that kind of person.	我不是这种人
Is there a supermarket near here?	这附近有超市吗
Your watch is more expensive than mine.	你的手表比我的贵
We must follow the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
I hope he'll get better soon.	我希望他很快就能好起来
The United States is abundant in natural resources.	美国的自然资源很丰富
Please don't use my name.	请不要用我的名字
Does Tom work in the kitchen?	汤姆在厨房里工作吗
Make sure you get plenty of rest.	你务必要好好地休息
When did you come to Japan?	你何时来日本的
He left after he had lunch.	他吃过午餐就出去了
You're here.	你在这里
It's better to teach someone how to fish than to give someone a fish.	授之以鱼
His story was interesting.	他的故事很有意思
He has a lot of books on history.	他有很多历史书籍
It took us half an hour to set up the tent.	搭帐篷花了我们半小时
I had difficulty in solving this problem.	我在解决这个问题上有困难
Tom doesn't like football.	汤姆不喜欢足球
Can I borrow your pencil for a bit?	我能用一下你的铅笔吗
The other day I discovered a book written by my father.	前几天我发现了一本我父亲写的书
How can Tom not understand that?	汤姆怎么能不懂
Long skirts are out of fashion now.	现在长裙过时了
They were forced to kill and eat several of their horses.	他们被迫杀掉他们的几匹马来吃
She seems to be very ill.	她看来病得严重
I have to take the book back to the library today.	我今天必须把书还给图书馆
I'll send a letter to my mother.	我会给我的母亲寄封信
I'm afraid that there isn't any coffee left.	恐怕已经没有咖啡了
Is there anything else you want?	还有什么想要的吗
If you hear hoofbeats, don't look for zebras.	不要听风就是雨
You're a true friend.	你是个真正的朋友
My sister usually walks to school.	我妹妹通常走路去学校
You should return home before it gets dark.	你应该在天黑之前回家
You should always tell the truth.	你应该永远说实话
Tom is my friend.	汤姆是我的朋友
Tom's birthday was yesterday.	汤姆的生日是昨天
Do you want any of these books?	你要这些书中的任何一本吗
We're having a party next Saturday.	我们下个星期六将举行派对
I've been waiting here for thirty minutes.	我在这里等了三十分钟
Let's just enjoy this peace and quiet.	让我们享受这平静和安宁
The old man lived by himself.	老人独自生活
I can't explain it either.	我也无法解释
She patted her son on the shoulder.	她拍拍她儿子的肩膀
That's what I want.	那就是我想要的
Have you ever been in jail?	你去过监狱吗
Paper was invented by the Chinese.	纸是由中国人发明的
I'll have another beer.	我会再喝一杯啤酒
I approved it.	我赞同
We have dinner at seven.	我们七点吃晚饭
Some things are better left undone.	有些事不做更好
I'm still angry.	我还是很气
Tom didn't know Mary had a boyfriend.	汤姆不知道玛丽有男朋友
The teacher assembled the students in the hall.	老师在礼堂把学生们集合起来
He's three inches taller than I am.	他比我高三英寸
They told me it was your fault.	他们告诉我这是你的错
Don't make me stand here.	别让我一直站在这里
I stayed with my uncle last week.	我上周跟我叔叔住在一起
I gave you my word.	我和你保证
I want to get drunk.	我想喝醉
He threw a ball over the fence.	他把球扔过了栅栏
I don't care a bit about the future.	我不在乎将来
It was an advantage having learned Chinese while I was in school.	在学校时我学了中文是个优势
My father has five siblings.	我父亲有五个兄弟姐妹
They must have had an accident.	他们一定发生了意外
It seems very interesting.	它似乎很有趣
In case of fire, break the glass and push the red button.	万一发生火灾
My father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was.	我爸爸对我的爱和照顾不比我妈妈少
What is it you want to tell me?	你想跟我说什么
I wish I could go with you.	我希望能跟你走
An uncle of mine gave me some useful advice.	我的一个叔叔给我了一些有用的建议
Finally, it's Friday.	终于星期五了
How do I explain that to Tom?	我怎么跟汤姆解释
Judging from his appearance, he must be a rich man.	从他的外表来看
This is too big.	这个太大了
I opened the window slightly.	我开了点窗户
He who laughs last laughs best.	最后笑的人
You reap what you sow.	种什么因得什么果
I knew what Tom was doing.	我知道汤姆在做什么
The fuel gauge is broken.	燃油表坏了
I'm prepared to die.	我已经准备去死了
Please continue.	请继续
He broke his left arm.	他自己撞坏了左臂
He picked up the book.	他拾起了书
He was discovered unconscious on the floor of the kitchen.	他被人发现倒在厨房的地板上
Even with all his money, he's unhappy.	尽管他有那么多钱
She finally made it.	她终于做到了
Tom is the only boy in our class.	汤姆是我们班里唯一的男孩
The old man breathed his last.	老人咽下了最后一口气
We managed to swim across the river.	我们成功地游过了河
I don't know who to consult with.	我不知道该和谁商量好
This is your book.	这是你的书
There's a soccer match tomorrow.	明天有一场足球比赛
We'll have to go back.	我们还得回去
I watched it on YouTube.	我在油管上看它
We should cancel the hike.	我们应该取消这次远足
I thought my head would explode.	我觉得我的头要炸了
I don't understand music.	我不懂音乐
Tom worked hard to get the work done on time.	汤姆努力工作按时完成工作
The company suffered a loss of one billion yen last year.	那家公司去年亏损了
If it had not been for civil war, they would be wealthy now.	要不是当初有内战
How much money do you want?	你要多少钱
I thought that Tom would want to know about that.	我本以为汤姆愿意了解这件事
She was born last year.	她去年出生
It seems that he knows everything.	他似乎什么都知道
It's very easy to miss this kind of mistake.	这种错误很容易被人忽视
It is easy to swim.	游泳很简单
Did you kill Tom?	是你杀了汤姆吗
Let me do that.	让我去做
Turn the knob and open the door.	转动门把
I'd better go home.	我回家比较好
The weather was not only cold, but also wet.	天气又冷又湿
There is no salt left.	盐没了
An ugly man knocked on my door.	一个丑男人敲了我的门
I was ten minutes late for school.	我上学迟到了十分钟
Suit yourself.	你随意
I'll do anything.	我什么都愿意做
I'm sorry for the delay in responding.	我很抱歉这么迟才回复
He hit the ball with his racket.	他用他的球拍击球
You shouldn't waste your time.	你不该浪费你的时间
Tell me the meaning of life.	告诉我人生的意义
His wife is one of my friends.	他的妻子是我的一个朋友
Tom died in combat.	汤姆在战斗中死了
A man is responsible for his deeds.	一个人要为他的行为负责
Don't put the cart before the horse.	不要把本末倒置
He prefers football to baseball.	他喜欢足球胜过棒球
I can't figure him out.	我不了解他
Is it really that hard to speak French?	说法语真有那么难吗
Put on some sunscreen.	涂点防晒吧
We must cancel our trip to Japan.	我们必须取消我们去日本的旅行
Are you the owner of this house?	你是这栋房子的主人吗
One of the students didn't come today.	其中一个学生今天没来
The bodyguard was wearing an earpiece.	保镖戴着耳机
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.	我期待很快就能收到你的信
Is there anything else you'd like?	还有什么想要的吗
What do you base your theory on?	你的理论是以什么为基础
He can be proud of his father.	他可以为自己的父亲而骄傲
When did you learn to swim?	你什么时候学会游泳的
I haven't had time to look for what you wanted.	我没时间找你想要的东西
How is it going?	你们好吗
Do you keep in contact with your high school classmates?	你还和你的高中同学保持联系吗
You should know it.	你应该知道的
I worked hard last month.	我上个月很努力工作
Who is the girl standing over there?	站在那儿的女孩是谁
He quickly accustomed himself to his new surroundings.	他很快就适应了新环境
I suspect Tom is tired of doing that.	我怀疑汤姆已经厌烦这么做了
He shaves every day.	他每天刮胡子
Does anyone want coffee?	有人要咖啡吗
His office is past the bank on your left.	经过银行
I was very surprised to hear the news.	我听到这个消息很惊讶
I got a call from him.	我接到了他打来的电话
Are you a teacher?	你是老师吗
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.	科学家们还不知道怎么治疗癌症
I ate the apple.	我吃了这个苹果
That's mine.	那是我的
He is getting better bit by bit.	他一点一点地变好
Tom doesn't seem to be a Canadian.	汤姆看来不是加拿大人
I don't think Tom has any teaching experience.	我认为汤姆一点教学经验都没有
I've just finished eating breakfast.	我刚吃完了早饭
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.	汉堡我都吃腻了
It'll be known sooner or later.	迟早会知道的
I got robbed.	我被抢劫了
I'll be there rain or shine.	风雨无阻我都会在那里
He must have taken the wrong train.	他一定是搭错火车了
Do you guys want something to eat?	你们想要吃些什么吗
You have to make a reservation.	你必须事先预约
I could hear doors slamming.	我可以听见门砰砰作响
Well done!	干的好
Tom doesn't like to discuss his work.	汤姆不喜欢谈论他的工作
"I like traveling." "So do I."	“	我喜欢旅游
I love you, too.	我也爱你
Tom told me that Mary is leaving tomorrow.	汤姆和我说明天玛丽会离开
How many books do you think you've read so far?	到目前为止
I can't tell you how much I'll miss Tom.	我不会告诉你我有多想念汤姆
Life is full of ups and downs.	人生充满了高低起伏
My father died four years ago.	我的父亲四年前去世了
You're probably smarter than you think.	你可能比你想的更聪明
You've done a perfect job.	你做了一项完美的工作
Why did you buy a Japanese car?	你为甚么买日本车
He turned a deaf ear to their request.	他对他们的请求置若罔闻
Tom said that he's considered quitting his job.	汤姆说他考虑辞职
He's gone to Nagoya on business.	他去名古屋出差
Tickets are available now.	现在有票
She tore the letter into pieces.	她把信成碎片
Why me?	为什么是我
There was a big fire last night.	昨晚发生了一场很大的火灾
I think that fact is very important.	我认为事实非常重要
Please answer all the questions.	请回答所有问题
Tom has to stay behind.	汤姆必须留下
He doesn't have the guts to say no to my plan.	他没那个胆拒绝我的提议
You want to remain anonymous.	你想保持匿名身份
Sometimes you get lucky.	你有时候真走运
Are you available tonight?	今晚有空吗
Do you know how to drive a car?	你知道如何开车吗
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.	翻译几页英文花了我
The teacher got quite well again.	老师再次恢复健康了
The ticket is good for three days.	这张票三日有效
She was listening to music.	她听着音乐
He didn't give me anything to eat.	他没有给我任何东西吃
That's a nice tie you're wearing.	你打了一条不错的领带
She's my older sister.	她是我的姐姐
A brilliant future lay before him.	大好的前途摆在他面前
I have no way of knowing that.	我无从得知
I'm very busy.	我很忙
I can't go, nor do I want to.	我去不了
I think that Tom really likes Mary.	我认为汤姆真心喜欢玛丽
He was born in Africa.	他出生在非洲
Everybody knew she could speak English well.	大家都知道她的英语说得很好
Let's take it easy.	让我们放轻松吧
He is sure to succeed.	他一定会成功
He should apologize for being rude to the guests.	他应该为自己对客人的粗鲁无礼而道歉
We're all praying for Japan.	我们全体为日本祈祷
Tom is busy now and can't talk with you.	汤姆现在忙
Where can I go to get a map of Europe?	去哪里可以买到欧洲的地图
It's unlikely that he did anything wrong.	他看来没有做错甚么
Oil will float on water.	油漂浮在水上
Your room is very big.	您的房间很大
Tom doesn't have a lot of freedom.	汤姆没有很多自由
Tom found a dead body on the beach.	汤姆在海边发现了具尸体
Is that black bag yours?	那个黑色提包是你的吗
We have two daughters.	我们有两个女儿
Have you eaten lunch yet?	你吃过午饭了吗
I really have to go.	我真的得走了
This article is of no value.	这篇文章没有价值
Tom just doesn't understand.	汤姆就是不懂
Where will you go for the vacation?	你要去哪里度假
She stood in front of the mirror.	她站在镜子前
What's love?	爱是什么
She is certain to be surprised.	她肯定会大吃一惊的
I should've declined.	我本应婉拒
I'm a detective.	我是个侦探
Tom can swim pretty well.	汤姆能游得很好
I felt so sleepy that I could hardly keep my eyes open.	我感觉困得几乎不能睁开我的眼睛了
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the train.	如果你不抓紧的话
You look pale.	你看起来很苍白
We're cooking now.	我们现在在做饭
He's been sick in bed for four days.	他已卧病在床四天了
I'm thirty years old now.	我现在
Your brother got married, didn't he?	你哥哥结婚了
Why don't you wait here while I finish what I'm doing?	为什么你不在这里等到我做完为止
I hope everything will turn out well in the end.	我希望最后一切都好
She may have missed the 7:00 train.	她可能错过了七点的火车
That was the first time that a man walked on the moon.	那是人类第一次在月球上行走
Carry on with your work.	继续工作
Sorry it took me so long to write to you.	对不起
Could you keep this luggage until 3 p.m.?	你可以保管这个行李直到下午三点吗
Will you play tennis after school?	你放学后会去打网球吗
Tom wondered where Mary had learned French.	汤姆想知道玛丽在哪里学会了法语
Can you rub my back?	帮我搓一下背好吗
The child has a case of chicken pox.	这孩子有水痘的症状
Quit smoking if you don't want to die early.	如果你想活得久一点就戒烟
Have you ever been hit by a car?	你被车撞过吗
You're too modest.	你太谦虚了
This diamond isn't real.	这颗钻石不是真的
You don't have to hurry.	你不必著急
Who discovered radium?	谁发现了镭
Three months is too short a time to finish the experiment.	要完成实验
What's the point in doing that?	干嘛那么麻烦
It began to snow.	开始下雪了
I carried the box on my shoulder.	我把盒子扛在肩上
My house is near the school.	我的家离学校很近
We have three spare rooms, none of which can be used.	虽然有三间空屋
I took the elevator to the third floor.	我乘电梯上三楼
I understand how to solve the problem.	我知道怎么解决这个问题
There's no salt left.	没盐了
I don't like to swim in pools.	我不喜欢在泳池里游泳
Give us a ride downtown.	载我们到市区
May I eat something?	我可以吃点什么吗
I want you to work harder.	我希望你更加努力地工作
A true scientist would not approach the question this way.	真正的科学家不会这样去思考
I often go swimming in the river.	我常常在河里游泳
I lost my umbrella.	我丢了我的伞
That's a little hard to believe.	那有点难以置信
He has gone mad.	他疯了
Tom bought a car.	汤姆买了辆车
Tom ate a slice of pizza.	汤姆吃了一片比萨饼
What should I do?	我该做什么
Don't try to stop me.	别想阻止我
Turn right at the intersection.	在十字路口右转
Did you buy her something for Christmas?	你圣诞节买东西给她了吗
Probably you are allergic to pollen or dust.	你可能对花粉或灰尘过敏
You should make an effort to stop smoking.	你应该努力去戒烟
The project was a great success.	该计划是一个大成功
It's obvious.	很明显
It's a good start.	这是一个好的开端
They don't talk to us anymore.	他们不再跟我们谈了
I'm not very good at golf.	我不太擅长打高尔夫球
Where do you want to go?	你们要去哪里
The bottle fell and broke.	瓶子掉下来摔碎了
I sometimes just don't want to get out of bed in the morning.	我有时早上不想下床
You owe me money.	你欠我钱
I didn't go to school because I was sick.	由于我生病了
He makes the most of his opportunities.	他充分利用他的机会
This hotel doesn't have a swimming pool.	这个酒店没有游泳池
Tom is laughing.	汤姆在笑
May I open the window?	可以开窗吗
I can't get away from work now.	我现在上班无法离开
Who was playing?	谁在玩
Tom's not breathing.	汤姆没有呼吸了
It's just a dream.	只是一场梦而已
How long does it take from here to your house on foot?	从这里步行到你家要多长时间
You must always keep your hands clean.	你应该一直让手保持干净
Be kind.	友善点
I was abducted by aliens.	我被外星人绑架了
Some people say Japan is a male-dominated society.	有些人说日本是个男性统治的社会
Are you students?	您们是学生吗
I've heard this story before.	我以前听过这个故事
Tom doesn't know how to tie his shoes.	汤姆不知道怎么系自己的鞋带
You should practice playing the violin every day.	你应该每天练习拉小提琴
He behaved like a madman.	他表现的像个疯子
Come on, let's go.	来吧
He carried a bag full of apples.	他拿着一个装满了苹果的袋子
I'm up.	我已经起来了
The ages of the two children put together was equivalent to that of their father.	两个孩子的年龄加起来和他们的父亲相当
Who solved the hard problem?	谁解决了这个难题
Tom was waiting inside his cabin.	汤姆在他的小屋里等着
It is ten o'clock by my watch.	我的手表是十点钟了
He changed the topic of conversation.	他转变了话题
Do you like it?	你喜欢吗
I already apologized.	我已经道歉了
He came to my rescue.	他拯救了我
No one lived on the island at that time.	那个时候
She is absent because of sickness.	她不在是因为病了
There are times when I find you really interesting.	偶尔
How many pictures did you buy?	你买了多少张照片
Anybody can join.	谁都可以参加
The knife is not sharp.	这刀不锋利
The pain has gone.	疼痛消失了
Are you sure you haven't forgotten anything?	你确定你没有忘记什么吗
I don't have the strength to keep trying.	我没力气继续尝试了
Tom didn't need to finish that work by today.	汤姆不必今天就完成那工作
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.	一只狐狸不会两次掉入同一个陷阱里
It is an endangered species.	这是一个濒临消失的物种
Drivers should wear seat belts.	司机应该系安全带
How time flies!	时间过得多快呀
Tom picked up the jar and read the label.	汤姆拿起罐子读标签
My girlfriend is a good dancer.	我的女朋友跳舞跳得很棒
I don't want you.	我不要你
I'm tired of her complaints.	我厌倦了她的抱怨
Learning French isn't difficult.	学法语不难
What are you going to do?	你要做什么
He rescued the dog at the risk of his own life.	他冒着生命危险救了那条狗
How do you get your children to eat vegetables?	你怎样让你的孩子们吃蔬菜
He dreamed of being a hero.	他梦想着成为一名英雄
Zimbabwe was once a colony of Britain.	津巴布韦曾经是英国的殖民地
Is there anything you want that you don't have?	有什么你想要但是没有的东西吗
Do it as soon as possible.	尽早做
Children are our future.	孩子是我们的未来
Would you lend me your knife?	你可以借我你的刀吗
You don't look so well.	你看上去不太好
I'm Tom's dad.	我是汤姆的爸爸
Would you like me to help you?	你要我帮你吗
English is a language spoken all over the world.	英语是一种全世界通用的语言
The weather is usually hot in July.	七月天气经常很热
Like it or not, we have to attend that meeting.	不管喜不喜欢
I take a bath every other day.	我每两天洗一次澡
Watch him and do what he does.	看著他并跟著他做
I had some calls to make.	我要打几个电话
Didn't you notice?	你没注意到吗
I don't wanna go back.	我不想回去
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent.	万一有紧急情况
You look tired. You should rest a little.	你看起来累了
An elephant has a long nose.	大象有长鼻子
Why are they angry?	他们为什么在生气
Aren't you looking for work?	你还在找工作吗
I think he will do his best.	我认为他会尽力而为
She always wears black.	她总是穿著黑色的衣服
Tom isn't old.	汤姆不老
I worked a lot this week.	我这周干了很多活
Tom was the only boy in the entire class.	汤姆是班里唯一的男生
She tried.	她试过了
Please bring me my bill.	请把帐单给我
To make matters worse, it began snowing.	更糟糕的是开始下雪了
My sister washes her hair every morning.	我妹妹每天早上洗头发
She was elected chairman of the committee.	她当选为委员会主席
Should I go to college?	我该上大学吗
I never touch beer.	我从不喝啤酒
You look really nervous.	你看起来真的很紧张
She used to go to the movies on Sundays.	她从前会在星期天去看电影
Have you seen all these movies?	你把电影全看了吗
It would appear that you're wrong.	你似乎错了
You know that that's your duty.	你知道那是你的责任
We got up after midnight.	我们在午夜之后起床
What you say makes no sense.	你说的话没有道理
Call the police!	叫警察
I, for one, am for the plan.	就个人而言
I'll see you in an hour.	我一小时内来见你
He took me for an Englishman.	他误认为我是一个英国人
Do you have plans tonight?	今晚有什么计划吗
It's wrong to deceive people, but worse to deceive yourself.	欺骗别人是错的
Tom said that you were angry.	汤姆说
I caught him by the arm before he could fall.	在他倒下前我抓住了他的手臂
It seldom snows here in the winter.	这里的冬天很少下雪
I have a certain amount of money on me.	我有些钱
I'm not sure, but I think I know where to go.	我不确定
Is there any chance that he'll resign?	他有可能辞职吗
I'm anxious to see you.	我渴望见到你
What is new?	有什么新鲜事吗
He's in the kitchen.	他在厨房
I actually agree with you.	我确实同意你的想法
What are you here for?	你为什么在这
They referred to Chaucer as the father of English poetry.	他们视乔叟为英诗之父
I think you should do that before you go home today.	我认为你该在今天回家前做
The days are getting longer and longer.	白天变得越来越长
I wonder what she really means.	我自问她真正的意思是什么
Your name has been crossed off the list.	你的名字已经从名单删除了
I don't like movies.	我不喜欢电影
That mountain is covered with snow.	这座山被雪所覆盖
I took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus.	我把他带到校区里最贵的餐馆去了
It's your turn to answer the question.	轮到你回答问题了
He disguised himself as a woman.	他打扮得像女人一样
Imports exceeded exports last year.	去年的进口商品额超过了出口商品额
Wealth does not always bring us happiness.	财富并不总是为我们带来快乐
This dictionary isn't the most recent version.	这本字典不是最新版的
Do you want to eat garbanzo beans?	你想吃鹰嘴豆吗
We're going to have to change our plans.	我们快要到必须改变我们计划的时候了
The lid won't open.	这盖子打不开
He came here ten minutes ago.	他十分钟前到这里
It is hard to see the sights of Tokyo in a few days.	要看东京的景物只花几天时间是很难的
I met her late in the evening.	我在深夜遇见了她
This month was kind of difficult.	这个月我过得有点艰难
Three people were killed in the explosion.	这场爆炸中有三人丧生
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.	我想知道为什么汤姆要我们那样做
We can hear the ocean from here.	我们从这里可以听到海的声音
How could things get worse?	事情是怎么变糟的
I solved the problem easily.	我很容易地解决了这个问题
I can't believe you're giving up.	我不能相信你要放弃
Oh please!	噢拜托了
This store has a variety of spices.	这家商店有各种香料
They didn't know what to do first.	他们不知道先做什么
Tom was embarrassed to have to ask for help.	汤姆很不好意思去求帮忙
A right angle has ninety degrees.	直角是九十度
She got very angry with her children.	她对她的孩子非常生气
Tom was wearing jeans.	汤姆穿著牛仔裤
Pale ale is a low-alcohol beer.	淡啤酒是一种酒精含量低的啤酒
Don't make stupid jokes.	开什么国际玩笑
Blondes earn 7% more than women with any other hair color.	金发女郎比其他颜色头发的女人多赚
This carpet is superior to that one in quality.	这地毯在质量上比那个好得多
The two men were business partners.	这两个男人是生意上的合作伙伴
The problem's been solved.	问题已解决
That is how I learned English.	我就是这么学会英语的
She got good grades in English.	她的英文成绩很好
You look tense.	你看起来很紧张
She followed him home to find out where he lived.	她跟他到家以得知他住哪
This is my bicycle.	这是我的自行车
He'll be taking an exam next week.	他下礼拜要考试
He had a large family to support.	他要养活一个大家庭
I heard the front doorbell ring.	我听到前门的门铃响了
The negotiation is off.	谈判中止了
Someone is playing the piano.	有人正在弹钢琴
You're a real friend.	你是个真正的朋友
Tom is working in Boston.	汤姆在波士顿工作
Beauty's in the eye of the beholder.	美驻留在看的那个人的眼里
Tom might've missed the last train.	汤姆可能错过了最后一班列车
JST stands for Japan Standard Time.	JST	代表日本标准时间
I'm an optimist by nature.	我生性乐观
Where does she live now?	她现在住在哪儿
You make me happy.	你让我快乐
The boy carved his name into the tree.	男孩把他的名字刻在树上
I think you've mistaken me for somebody else.	我想你将我认成别人了
You should get your car fixed.	你应该把你的车修好
She picked up one of the glass vases.	她拿了其中一个玻璃花瓶
What're you saying?	你在说什么
Bring the water to a boil.	把水烧开
I forgot to ask Tom.	我忘了问汤姆
Whose shirt is this?	这是谁的衬衫
No matter where you go, I'll follow you.	无论你去哪里我都会跟著你
I can't let you give me your last ten dollars.	我不能让你把你最后的十美圆给我
So where's the problem?	所以
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.	进教室的时候请把帽子摘了
These flowers have a unique smell.	这些花有一种独特的气味
Shouldn't Tom be doing this, too?	Tom	也需要做这件事吗
Your answer is correct.	你的答案是正确的
Why are there still wars in the world?	为什么这世界上还有战争
Which do you like better, this or that?	你更喜欢哪个
What's done can't be undone.	覆水难收
The whole audience erupted in laughter.	哄堂大笑
He pressured me.	他向我施压
I take my health seriously.	我重视自身的健康
This book is new.	这本书是新的
Have you ever seen Tom mad?	你有看见过汤姆生气的时候吗
She was married to a rich man.	她嫁给了一个有钱的男人
The car isn't worth repairing.	这车不值得修了
I'm very happy.	我很快乐
Did you hear about what's happened to Tom?	你有没有听说汤姆出了什么事
Please pass me the butter.	请把黄油递给我
There is no reason that I should give up my plan.	没有理由让我放弃我的计划
I'd already sent you the letter when you called.	当您打电话来的时候我已经把信寄给您了
I hear you passed the entrance exam. Congratulations!	我听说你通过了入学考试
I must make up for the loss.	我必须弥补损失
If Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do, please let me know.	如果汤姆没有做他应当做的事
Water is indispensable to life.	水是生命所不可缺少的
Don't throw trash here.	别在这儿扔垃圾
I appreciate good music.	我欣赏好音乐
I don't write letters anymore.	我不再写信了
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.	我告诉你
Tell me about it.	说来听听
You'll soon get accustomed to this cold weather.	你很快就会习惯这种冷天气
The firemen soon put out the fire.	消防队员很快就把火扑灭了
I felt incredibly nervous.	我感到万分焦虑
I don't know about the past, but now we have faxes and emails.	我不知道以前怎样
I think you're a really nice guy.	我认为你真的是一个好人
Let me help you. Your bag looks very heavy.	让我来帮你吧
He slept well last night.	他昨晚睡得很好
Put away your books and notebooks.	把你的书和笔记本收起来
You drink too much coffee.	你咖啡喝得太多了
I'd very much like to go.	我非常想离开
If you make a mess, clean it up.	如果你弄乱了
He wishes to become a doctor.	他希望成为一名医生
Put it on one bill, please.	请记在一张帐单上
Her hair is long and beautiful.	她的头发长而美丽
I only want to know the facts.	我只想知道事实
This is a book about stars.	这是一本关于星星的书
I'd like to speak with Tom alone.	我想和汤姆单独谈一谈
You're impatient.	你缺乏耐心
You can stay here if you like.	你要是愿意就留在这里
She is what we call a bookworm.	她就是所谓的书虫
We went to the movies last night.	我们昨晚去看电影了
Tom didn't like the idea.	汤姆不喜欢这个主意
I was wrong.	我搞错了
This is a good textbook.	这本课本很好
My job is to wash the dishes.	我的工作是洗碗
Two beers, please.	请来两杯啤酒
It is no use arguing with her.	和她争辩是没用的
I'm the owner of this house.	我是这房子的主人
Were you looking at him?	你在看他吗
Are you really from here?	你真的来自这里
Thanks for your hard work.	感谢你的劳碌
You've got a lot of willpower.	你的意志力很强
She came here as soon as she heard it.	她一来这里就听到了
What sound does a giraffe make?	长颈鹿是怎么叫的
That's very rare.	那很稀少
Tom shouldn't have been here today.	Tom	今天不该在这
Fill in your name and address.	填上你的姓名和地址
I don't fear death.	我不怕死
It's hard to believe.	这让人难以置信
I like eggplant.	我喜欢茄子
It's all you can really do.	这是你所能做的一切了
What do you think I should wear on my date tomorrow?	你觉得我明天约会穿什么好呢
It's fine today.	今天天气很好
I'm here to assist you.	我来协助你
I don't see why I had to come along.	我不明白为什么我得跟着去
You should know this.	你该知道这事
I got a farewell present from everyone.	每个人都送了我一份欢送礼物
Tom is a very bad person.	汤姆是个非常坏的人
He's two years older than me.	他比我大两岁
It is going to rain soon.	天快要下雨了
The video quickly went viral.	这个视频很快火了
Father is out, but Mother is at home.	爸爸出去了
What's the name of this tune?	这歌叫什么名字
This is a very important meeting.	这是个很重要的会议
Please shut the door behind you.	请随手关门
I hung my hat on the peg.	我把我的帽子挂在挂钩上
He's much taller than you.	他比你高得多
The doctor insisted that the patient get plenty of rest.	医生坚持病人获得充分的休息
They looked up to him as their leader.	他们把他奉为领袖
They answered their teacher's question with difficulty.	他们好不容易才回答了他们老师的问题
I have to take medicine.	我必须吃药
I don't want everyone to think I'm stupid.	我不想让任何人认为我傻
That was what I thought, too.	我也是这么想的
No matter how much I think about it, I can't understand it.	无论怎么去想我都搞不清楚
It was just a matter of time.	这只是时间上的问题
Strange to say, he didn't know the news.	说来奇怪
Wait here.	在这等着
It's hot out here.	这里够热
I've lost my watch.	我把我的表丢了
Tell me how you solved the problem.	告诉我你如何解决了这个问题
Tom tried to return the swimsuit for a larger size, but the clerk told him that wasn't allowed.	汤姆试过还回泳衣来换成更大一号的
Mark the words that you cannot understand.	你不懂的词做个记号
Don't let appearances deceive you.	不要被外貌蒙蔽了
I am happy to see you here.	我很高兴在这里看到你
What if someone sees us?	如果有人看见我们怎么办
The man is loading the moving truck on his own.	这个男人独自把东西搬上搬家卡车上
Take care not to catch a cold.	小心不要着凉
What's your favorite way to cook beans?	你最喜欢用什么方法煮豆子
I like apples better than oranges.	相对于橙子
We got a good price for that.	我们得到了一个很好的价格买那个东西
Really?	你确定
Was Tom watching TV last night?	汤姆昨天晚上在看电视吗
I'm just kidding.	我开玩笑
I don't have a car.	我没有汽车
I drive everywhere.	我去哪里都开车
We're having dinner.	我们在吃晚餐
I hate winter.	我恨冬天
You're the best man for the job.	你是最适合做这份工作的人
Which is your book?	哪本是你的书
It isn't too late for you.	对你来说还不太晚
Let's continue the game after supper.	让我们在晚饭后继续这个游戏
I want to eat some cake first.	我想先吃点蛋糕
The end does not always justify the means.	为了正当目的并非总是可以不择手段
The bread is not fresh.	面包不新鲜
Tom's happy.	汤姆高兴
He was supposed to come.	他应该来的
Do you believe there are ghosts?	你相信有鬼魂吗
None of those books are useful.	这些书都没有用
He hadn't eaten in two days.	他已经两天没吃东西了
You're the only one who can protect them.	只有你能保护他们
Tom has been learning French for a few years.	汤姆学了几年法语
My father neither drinks nor smokes.	我爸爸既不喝酒也不抽烟
He forgot to turn off the light.	他忘了关灯
We are good friends.	我们是好朋友
She took my hand.	她握住我的手
It was extremely scary.	这太可怕了
He became a member of this club five years ago.	他在五年前成为了这个俱乐部的成员
You should have come earlier.	你应该早点来的
They decided to get married next month.	他们决定在下个月结婚
You have a very nice family.	你有个温馨的家庭
Have you finished breakfast yet?	你吃完早饭了吗
There must be some way to solve this.	一定有解决的办法
Ask him his name.	问他一下他的名字
What do you like to do in your free time?	您空闲时间喜欢做什么
I can verify that that's the truth myself.	我自己能够证实那是真的
It was not long before he got well.	不久后
Creationism is a pseudo-science.	创造主义是一种伪科学
She was able to answer whatever was asked.	不管问了什么
How is this plan?	这计划如何
Tom is obese, isn't he?	汤姆很胖
We accept checks.	我们接受支票
Lightning is usually followed by thunder.	闪电常常伴随著雷鸣
My father has been dead for ten years.	我爸爸去世有
Open the door, please.	请开门
She began crying.	她开始哭泣
Those chairs are in the way.	那些椅子挡住了去路
Is there anything else you want to say?	你还有甚么想说的
Leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do.	半途而废是你所能做的最糟糕的事情
Tom told me he'd give me that book if I wanted it.	汤姆说过
She gave out a sigh of relief.	她松了一口气
Tom is still not finished.	汤姆还没完成
Tom suddenly looked concerned.	汤姆突然看起来在担心
The bus is full. You'll have to wait for the next one.	这班公车客满了
The people of London are very proud of this bridge.	伦敦人对这座桥感到非常自豪
Tom's married.	汤姆已经结婚了
I mistook him for his brother.	我把他误认为是他的兄弟
Few students could understand what he said.	几乎没有学生能懂他所说的话
Is it all there?	全都在那里吗
I slept only two hours.	我只睡了两小时
Tell me about it.	跟我讲讲那件事
The cottage was clean and tidy.	小屋干净又整洁
I have a frog in my throat.	我紧张得说不出话来了
She resembles her mother in every respect.	她在各方面都像她的母亲
I don't like tea.	我不喜欢喝茶
He predicted there would be rain.	他预测会下雨
He broke into a house.	他闯入一间房子
An earthquake can happen at any time.	地震随时都可能发生
I've already told you the truth.	我已经告诉你真相了
Did you rent an apartment?	你租房子了吗
They attempted to break through the enemy line.	他们试图冲破敌军防线
I saw a cat running after the dog.	我见一只猫追着狗跑
I envied his new house.	我羡慕他的新房子
I should clean my room.	我应该打扫我的房间
I had a phone call from him.	我接到了他打来的电话
This is strange.	奇怪
Tom isn't a great player.	汤姆不是一个好选手
Hang on!	等一下
I don't care if it's a bit cold.	稍微冷点儿不要紧
There is nothing worse than doing something in a half-hearted manner.	没有什么比做事缺乏热情更糟
English is not spoken here.	这里的人不说英语
My mother was an alcoholic.	我母亲是个酒鬼
Happy New Year!	元旦快乐
My father will come home at the end of this week.	我爸爸会在这周末回家
I received your letter.	我收到了您的信
He sometimes watches TV.	他有时看电视
Don't make fun of old people.	不要捉弄老人家
I gave her her dictionary back.	我把她的字典还给她了
He threw the ball.	他把球扔了
I'm so tired.	我好累啊
What's your favorite type of pizza?	你最喜欢的比萨类型是甚么
Read it once more, please.	请再读一次
He hasn't yet turned in the report this month.	他这个月还没有提交报告书
The doctor advised my father to cut down on smoking.	医生建议我父亲减少吸烟
The bargain sale will run for three days, beginning today.	这场减价活动会持续三天
Do you like rabbits?	你喜欢兔子吗
I'd like some tea, please.	请给我一杯茶
What will it take to bring him down?	要怎么才能把他拉下马
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.	在派对中我和他聊得很开心
Smoking is strictly prohibited.	严禁吸烟
Why don't you take the day off?	你为什么不请一天假
His influence extends all over the country.	他的影响遍及全国
Tom is going to run for mayor.	汤姆要竞选市长
He gave a nice present to me.	他送给我一份漂亮的礼物
Can you tell those twins apart?	你可以分出那对双胞胎中谁是谁吗
That job is pretty much finished.	那个工作几乎被完成了
I just don't want to marry you.	我就是不想嫁给你
Does anyone want some more pie?	有人想要更多的馅饼吗
He's not good at remembering names.	他不善于记人名
My throat feels dry.	我喉咙很干
They grow strawberries in their greenhouse.	他们在他们的温室里种植草莓
Where did you live last year?	你去年住在哪儿
We want to know the facts.	我们想知道真相
She successfully got him to tell the truth.	她成功地从他口中得知了真相
Wash your feet.	洗您的脚
I'm scared of wild animals.	我怕野兽
That hurts.	真疼
She discovered that she had run out of salt.	她发现她已经断盐了
I want something sweet to eat.	我想要吃甜的东西
I've been careful my whole life.	我一生都谨慎行事
Tom bought some flowers for Mary.	汤姆给玛丽带了些花
He ignored his father's advice.	他不顾他父亲的忠告
The friend who I thought would pass the exam failed it.	那个我认为会通过考试的朋友失败了
I paid him the money.	我付了他钱
My father made me a delicious lunch.	我父亲为我做了一顿美味的午餐
The vacation is over now.	现在假期结束了
Wait a moment, please.	请稍等一下
Well, let's get going!	好吧
I'll get started right away.	我会立刻开始
I'm an electrician.	我是一名电工
I agree to your proposal.	我同意你的建议
The room is full of people.	屋里挤满了人
When was it built?	它是什么什么时候盖的
She made elaborate preparations for the party.	她精心筹备了这个派对
Tom has plenty of friends to help him.	汤姆有很多帮他的朋友
Bread is made from flour.	面包是面粉做的
She is graceful.	她举止优雅
He invested his money in stocks.	他把钱投资于股票
Water turns into steam when it is boiled.	水沸腾后变为蒸汽
I am not curious.	我不好奇
Every time I went to his house, he was not at home.	我每次去他家
Clint Eastwood was elected mayor of Carmel.	克林伊斯威特当选为卡梅尔市市长
Food should be chewed before being swallowed.	食物在吞咽前要经过咀嚼
I can play soccer.	我会踢足球
Life begins when we realize who we really are.	当我们明白真正的自己时
Are you wearing a watch?	你有戴手表吗
I don't even want to think about what could happen.	我甚至不想去想会发生什么
I'm so proud of my boys.	我为我的孩子们感到很骄傲
I gave my brother a dictionary.	我给了我弟弟一本字典
I've got to go to the bank.	我要去银行了
Nobody can help me.	没有人能帮我
Tom and Mary were both born in Boston.	汤姆和玛丽都生在波士顿
There used to be a big pine tree in front of my house.	以前我家前面有棵大松树
Tom is an electrical engineer.	汤姆是一个电子工程师
I sometimes still think about her.	有时候
I'm looking for a part-time job.	我正在找一份兼职的工作
The policeman took the thief by the arm.	警察抓著小偷的胳膊
He did not put up his hand.	他没有举起他的手
Watch your step.	小心脚下
Sometimes I have to read boring novels.	有时候
He was brave.	他很勇敢
They didn't act quickly.	他们没有立刻行动
Hurry up.	快点
What a lot of pens!	那么多钢笔
Each student has a locker.	每个学生都有一柜子
I didn't go to school last Monday.	上周一我没去上学
Doesn't Tom have any friends?	汤姆没有朋友吗
I like pizza very much.	我非常喜欢比萨
You told her that you had finished the work three days before.	你告诉她你已经在三天前完成这个工作了
The police officer arrested the burglar.	警官逮捕了窃贼
I go to bed after I study.	我读完书之后就去睡觉
Do you want anything to eat?	您想吃点什么吗
When did you begin studying English?	你什么时候开始学英语的
It was hot yesterday.	昨天的天气很热
Many thanks.	非常感谢
A hundred years is called a century.	一百年被叫做一个世纪
Don't worry about me.	不要担心我
He spent the morning reading a book.	他花了一上午的时间看书
We're neighbors.	我们是邻居
I'm asking you what you think.	我问你你在想什么
We tried to compromise with them.	我们试著和他们妥协
Excuse me, I'm lost.	不好意思
He wouldn't listen to my advice.	他不肯听我的劝告
I know that some people value my work.	我知道有些人看重我的工作
What did you find out?	你发现了甚么
She has an agreeable voice.	她的声音令人愉快
He calls her up every night.	他每天晚上打电话给她
Why did you marry Tom?	你为甚么跟汤姆结婚
They are talking in the kitchen.	他们正在厨房里说话
The majority of his income goes to pay his rent.	他的大部分收入付了租金
Do you take me for a fool?	你把我当傻子吗
I saw him run away.	我看见他逃跑了
Each member has to pay 10,000 yen a month.	每位会员每月需支付一万日元
My aunt made me a new skirt.	我姑姑做了一条新裙子给我
I like your city.	我喜欢你们的城市
Who's going to believe you?	谁会相信你
Please don't say that.	请你不要说这个
English is not difficult to learn.	英语并不难学
He is American.	他是美国人
I want another slice of bread.	我要另一片面包
The police arrested the suspect.	警方逮捕了嫌疑人
Tom had to sell his house.	汤姆必须卖了他的房子
The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived.	消防车到达之前
I wonder what I should do today.	我在想我今天该干什么
I don't have many friends.	我朋友很少
If he had been a little more careful, the accident would have been avoided.	如果他当时再小心一点点
It's not at all easy.	这一点都不容易
You live in Boston now, don't you?	你住在波士顿
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.	任何情绪
It doesn't matter what you do.	你做什么都无所谓
Birch trees have white bark.	桦树有白树皮
Flour is made from wheat.	面粉是小麦制成的
Get out of bed!	起床
I'm waiting for this store to open.	我正等著这家店开门
She bought two pairs of socks.	她买了两双袜子
Come and see me whenever you like.	你随时都可以来看我
The war began three years later.	三年后战争开始了
You are not a doctor.	您不是医生
Stop grumbling.	停止发牢骚吧
He explained how the accident came about.	他解释事故是怎么发生的
How is everyone?	大家好吗
Every one of his songs was a hit.	他的每首歌都长期备受欢迎
Do you know who they are?	你知道他们是谁吗
Give Tom any help you can.	给予汤姆一些你力所能及的帮助
He's already too far away to hear us.	他已经离得太远听不到我们了
Have you washed your hands yet?	你洗过你的手了吗
He has more books than I do.	他拥有的书比我的多
Give my love to your kids.	替我向你的孩子们问好
Tom and Mary used to be friends, right?	汤姆和玛丽以前是朋友
You should not have lent the money to such a person.	你不应该借钱给这样的人
Stay out of my business.	别管我的事
I don't think that we've been introduced.	我们之前没有见过吧
He did not accept my apologies.	他不接受我的道歉
Does anyone here speak Japanese?	这儿有人说日语吗
That isn't wine. It's grape juice.	这不是葡萄酒
Everyone except Tom ate pizza.	所有人除了汤姆都吃了比萨
I've no idea.	我一无所知
Tom's eyesight is deteriorating.	Tom	的视力正在恶化
They'll let us know what happens.	他们会让我们知道发生了什么
His sad story touched my heart.	他悲伤的故事触动了我的心
The meal satisfied his hunger.	这顿饭让他充饥解饿了
I've lost a little weight.	我瘦了一点
I may have made a mistake.	我可能搞错了
How old is this zoo?	这间动物园多久了
We must not break our promise.	我们不能违背我们的承诺
Who will take care of the dog while we are away?	当我们离开的时候
Money isn't the only thing that matters.	不只是钱关系重大
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.	两三年就想掌握法语是很困难的
Someone has brought us some grapes.	有人带了一些葡萄给我们
This boat has six oars.	这艘船有六个桨
I don't even know if Tom went to college or not.	我连汤姆有没有上过大学也不知道
She usually sleeps for eight hours.	她通常睡八个小时
It goes without saying that money cannot buy happiness.	不言自明
I had to choose between the two.	我必须在两者中选择
Tom bought a plane ticket.	汤姆买了张机票
Tom knows a lot of people.	汤姆熟人多
We're against war.	我们反对战争
How dare you say that!	你怎么敢那么说
Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is?	你能把最近的公车站指给我看吗
Once again.	再一次
The murmur of the brook lulls me to sleep.	溪流潺潺
He is an old friend of mine.	他是我的老朋友
I just knew you would say that.	我就知道你会这么说
Do I need to transfer?	我需要换乘吗
Tom doesn't have very many friends.	汤姆的朋友不是很多
Who gave them to you?	谁给了你这些东西
That's crazy.	那是疯狂的
I would rather stay at home than go out.	比起出门
I will be happy to attend your party.	我很快乐能参加你的派对
She worked from morning till night.	她从早上工作到夜晚
Tom understands what it takes to survive.	汤姆明白生存的代价
What time do you wake up on Sundays?	你星期天几点起床
Tom seems very happy.	汤姆看起来非常开心
My uncle never writes letters.	我的叔叔从来不写信
I've just returned from the post office.	我刚从邮局回来
Is this fish still alive?	这条鱼还是活的吗
The jet landed at Tokyo.	这架客机降落在东京了
I want to be a lawyer.	我要当律师
Please open the window.	麻烦你开一下窗
Imagination affects every aspect of our lives.	想像力影响着我们生活的各个方面
He got a better score than us.	他得到了比我们还高的分数
May I have a road map, please?	请给我一张路线图
I have no money with me.	我身上没有钱
I even work on Sundays.	我甚至在周日工作
Tom is swimming.	汤姆在游泳
Stop complaining.	别再埋怨了
She accused me of telling a lie.	她指责我说谎
A famous architect built this house.	一个有名的建筑师造了这个房子
I often played tennis when I was young.	我年轻时经常打网球
Let's talk over a cup of coffee.	让我们边喝咖啡边谈
Excess of politeness is annoying.	礼貌过度是烦人的
Mary is very pretty.	玛丽很漂亮
I'll drive you to the airport.	我会开车送你们去机场
The bus was two minutes early.	巴士早了两分钟
I'm not serious.	我不是认真的
How did your weekend go?	你周末过得怎么样
That plane will take off at five.	那架飞机五点起飞
Are your eyes bad?	你眼睛不好吗
He cured my illness.	他把我的病给医好了
It's been raining since early morning.	从清晨开始一直下雨
Christmas is soon.	圣诞节快到了
This bicycle is mine.	这辆自行车是我的
Tom said hi.	汤姆打了个招呼
He had to stay in bed.	他得卧床休息
She hopes to become a designer.	她希望成为一名设计师
I know that Tom is hungry.	我知道汤姆饿了
Are there problems at home?	在家里有问题吗
Are you being paid for doing this?	是有人花钱让你做这事吗
Don't talk to me like that.	不要这样对我讲话
Nowadays nobody believes in ghosts.	现在没有人相信有鬼
He is rarely in a good mood.	他很少心情很好
You have only to ask for it.	你只要问就好了
For the time being, my sister is an assistant in a supermarket.	目前
What a wonderful family.	多美好的家庭啊
We still have more time.	我们仍然有更多的时间
We're eating apples.	我们在吃苹果
You should be more careful.	你应该要更小心
He was mad because he was not invited.	他因为没有被邀请而气得快疯了
Four hundred million people speak English as their first language.	四亿人以英语作为他们的第一语言
He is the father of three children.	他是三个孩子的父亲
The simplest way is often the best way to solve a problem.	解决问题最简便的方法往往是最好的办法
Please give me something to drink.	请给我些饮料喝
We'll buy a new car next week.	我们下周会买辆新车
I bought a good camera.	我买了一台不错的照相机
I wrote it myself.	我自己写了它
I saw Tom three hours ago.	我在三小时前见过汤姆
She succeeded in getting him to tell the truth.	她成功地从他口中得知了真相
The train arrived ten minutes behind time.	列车晚到了十分钟
Your memory is good.	你的记忆力很好
Tom began laughing.	汤姆开始笑了
Bringing up a baby is hard work.	养大一个宝宝是一项艰难的工作
Do you know where Tom is waiting for us?	你知道汤姆在哪里等我们吗
What do the initials NTT stand for?	NTT	这个缩写是什么意思
The moment I held the baby in my arms, it began to cry.	我一把孩子抱在手里
He lives somewhere about here.	他住在这附近某个地方
I'm faster.	我更快
Please pick up my dry cleaning.	请取回我干洗的衣服
Flies and mosquitoes interfered with his meditation.	苍蝇和蚊子干扰了他的冥想
I don't like green onions.	我不喜欢葱
Tom is always late.	汤姆总是迟到
I had to get my tattoo removed.	我必须把文身去掉
I'll never forget your kindness.	我永远不会忘记你的亲切
I need to search for my pen.	我得查找一下我的笔
The leaves will turn red in two or three weeks.	再过两三周
Children don't like to go out in the dark.	孩子们不喜欢摸黑外出
She is not as patient as you.	她没像你那样有耐心
Whose house is across from yours?	你家对面的房子是谁的
Lend me some books to read.	借我一些书看
I hate myself sometimes.	偶尔我会讨厌我自己
We met in 2008. A year later, we got married.	我们在
The dictionary comes in two volumes.	那本词典分为两卷
I think this machine is in need of repair.	我认为这机器需要修理
I'll play a sonata for you.	我要为你演奏一首奏鸣曲
New Year's Day is close at hand.	元旦就在眼前
Tom doesn't have much energy today.	Tom	今天没什么活力
I work in Boston now.	我现在在波士顿工作
Life is very hard.	人生良苦
He doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.	他似乎不知道我父亲和我之间的纠葛
Tom is thrilled.	汤姆兴奋不已
I am sorry. I am not from here.	抱歉
Tom is happy.	汤姆高兴
I remember the first time.	我记得第一次
He was held in captivity.	他被囚禁了
I went to school in Boston.	我曾经在波士顿上学
Tom is your buddy.	汤姆是你的兄弟
The living room adjoins the dining room.	客厅紧邻著餐厅
We saw the ground covered with snow.	我们看见地面被雪覆盖了
I didn't catch your last name.	我没听到您的姓
I still have things left to do.	我还有点事
He promised me he would be here at six.	他答应我六点钟的时候他会在这里
He wishes he had gone to the theater last night.	昨晚他希望他去了剧场
His company didn't survive the crisis.	他的公司没有从危机中幸存
They laughed at my idea.	他们嘲笑我的想法
Your memory isn't too good.	您记性不太好
I got injured in the traffic accident.	我在这场交通意外中受了伤
They never give up.	他们永不言弃
Is there a discount if you pay in cash?	用现金付的话会有折扣吗
The lubrication system was poorly designed.	润滑系统设计得不好
I suspect that they water down the beer in that pub.	我怀疑那家酒馆的啤酒兑水了
Tom seems to be very happy.	汤姆看起来非常开心
She speaks relatively quickly.	她说话相当快
Tom didn't even notice Mary had gone.	汤姆甚至没注意到玛丽走了
She stayed there for a moment.	她在那里待了一会
That teapot's pretty dirty.	那个茶壶很脏啊
Ideas matter.	想法很重要
The weather is unusually cold.	天气异常寒冷
Be nice.	友善点
Her house is at the foot of a mountain.	她家在一座山的山脚下
Tom and Mary can both speak French.	汤姆和玛丽两个人都会说法语
I found what I was looking for.	我找到了我正在找的东西
I have no home to return to.	我无家可回
Tom has to protect himself.	汤姆得保护自己
Tom was conservative.	汤姆过去很保守
I'll see to it.	由我来做
How do you want your hair cut?	你想怎么剪你的头发
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.	只有一点点的知识是危险的事
America is a land of immigrants.	美国是一个移民国家
I'm a little bit concerned.	我有点担心
How can you say that?	你怎么能那么说
We need more staff.	我们需要更多员工
Apart from on rainy days, I always ride my bike to work.	除了雨天
Slavery is a crime against humanity.	奴役制是一种危害人类罪
He took a trip to Europe.	他去欧洲旅行了
I'm going to study harder.	我决定更努力读书
He lives by himself.	他独自生活
It was very hot this afternoon.	今天下午非常炎热
Help yourself to a piece of cake.	你们自己吃蛋糕
My father is sweeping the garage.	我父亲正在清扫车库
I'm taller than you.	我比你高
How did you make this soup?	这汤怎么做的
Tom said he thought that would probably never happen.	汤姆说他觉得那可能永远不会发生了
We were just talking about you when you called.	当你打电话来时
Which ones are Tom's?	哪个是汤姆的
They are talking with each other.	他们在互相交谈
Can I sleep here?	我能在这里睡觉吗
What's your telephone number?	你电话号码是多少
I think you went too far.	我觉得您过火了
I don't think that I like this game very much.	我觉得我不太喜欢这游戏
It's likely to snow this evening.	今天晚上可能会下雪
I don't agree with you.	我不同意你的看法
I prefer walking to cycling.	我更愿意走路
I fell asleep while I was watching TV.	我看电视时睡着了
After the storm, the sea was quiet again.	暴风雨后
Tom is in the house.	汤姆在家里
She doesn't smile for me anymore.	她已经不向我微笑了
I couldn't control my anger.	我控制不住自己的愤怒
It was a very, very hot night.	那真是很热
You thought I didn't need to do that, didn't you?	你还以为我不需要那么做
Place it wherever you like.	你想放在哪里就放在哪里
Not a star was to be seen.	没看到任何一颗星星
He is still sitting on the bench.	他还坐在长椅上
My mother gets up early in the morning.	我妈妈早上早起
I have a shower every night.	我每晚洗澡
She likes oranges.	她喜欢橙子
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.	除了那些我们尝试过的政府形态
I'll bring my sister to the party.	我会带我妹妹去派对
My father put a fence around the garden.	我父亲在花园边上装了篱笆
When did you begin playing golf?	你什么时候开始打高尔夫球
Tom used to work here.	汤姆过去在这里工作
They called in a doctor because the child was ill.	他们打电话给医生因为这个孩子生病了
Did you enjoy yourself yesterday?	你昨天玩得开心吗
I got lost in the forest.	我在树林里迷路了
Smoke appeared.	烟雾出现了
We were very sorry we couldn't help them.	我们很遗憾无法帮助他们
How long will you be staying?	你会待多长时间
She was arrested by the police.	她被警方逮捕了
I don't want to participate in the ceremony.	我不想参加典礼
It was terrible.	真糟糕
Tom was making French fries.	汤姆想做炸薯条
He'll never beat me.	他永远不会打败我的
I've already finished the job.	我已经完成了这项工作
I didn't have time to watch TV yesterday.	我昨天没时间看电视
I want to go abroad next year.	我明年想去国外
A hare raced with a tortoise.	兔子和乌龟赛跑
Don't move.	不要动
He went to the United States to study medicine.	他去美国学医了
Smoking is prohibited.	禁止吸烟
I'm looking forward to seeing you.	我期待著见到你
There was a large crowd in the park.	公园里有一大群人
That is all I know about him.	这就是我关于他知道的一切
This book is easy enough for them to read.	这本书他们读起来够简单了
I think I lost my keys.	我觉得我把钥匙丢了
She couldn't look him in the face.	她无法看着他的脸
Tom seems to know how.	汤姆看来知道那是怎样
Health is better than wealth.	健康胜过财富
She gave up her plans against her will.	她违背己愿放弃了她的计划
You'll need a special tool to do it.	你会需要一个特殊的工具来做这件事
You'll be answering the phones.	你要接电话
In the morning, I write in the park.	我每天早上在公园写作
There used to be a big cherry tree behind my house.	我家后面曾经有棵大樱桃树
It's taking a little longer than I expected.	我花了比预期更多的时间
I got up at six this morning.	我今天早上六点起床
Do you have any siblings?	你有兄弟姐妹吗
We'll begin work soon.	我们立即开始施工
You might not find it.	您可能找不到
Tom has just finished eating dinner.	Tom	刚吃完晚饭
My room faces the garden.	我的房间面向花园
This plan will be very expensive to carry out.	这计划执行起来花销会很大
You're looking tired.	你看起来很困了
You can say whatever you want to.	你可以说你想说的话
Tom seemed to like your cooking.	汤姆好像很喜欢你做的菜
How soon can we leave?	我们过多久才能离开
There is a spoon missing.	缺一把勺子
I found a good place to buy fruit a couple of days ago.	前几天我发现了一个买水果的好地方
This book belongs to the library.	这本书是图书馆的
Hunger is the best sauce.	饥饿是最好的调味品
Water poured from the broken pipe.	水从破裂的水管倾泻而出
I'm chewing gum.	我嚼口香糖
He died without having made a will.	他没有留下任何遗言就死了
I would like fruit juice.	我想要果汁
There's no need to hurry.	没有必要著急
She was washing the dishes.	那时她正在洗碗
My friends invited me to supper.	我朋友邀我共赴晚餐
He married an air hostess.	他娶了一个空姐
I'm not going to show any fear.	我不会表现出恐惧
I couldn't find it anywhere.	我在任何地方都没能找到
I'm sorry that I'm late.	对不起
I don't want to look stupid.	我不想看起来傻
I let my sister use my new computer.	我让我妹妹用我的新电脑
There must be some misunderstanding between us.	我们之间肯定有误会
We ought to obey the law.	我们必须遵纪守法
I gave her a lift to town.	我载她去城里了
Come and have tea with me.	来跟我喝茶吧
Take a deep breath and then relax.	深呼吸
This chair is ugly.	这把椅子很丑
I got there in time for the train.	我准时赶上了火车
This man is not reliable.	这个人靠不住的
I should stop procrastinating.	我做事该果断
I'll lend you my notebook.	我会借给你我的笔记本
You don't go to school on Sunday, do you?	你周日不上学
The light is green.	现在是绿灯
We have to find out what Tom wants.	我们要明白汤姆想要什么
Come with me now.	现在就跟我来
I'm sorry I'm late.	对不起
I'm grateful to you for inviting me to the party.	谢谢你邀我参加派对
All men are created equal.	人人生来平等
We traveled to Mexico by plane.	我们搭飞机去墨西哥旅行
Have you eaten dinner?	你吃晚饭了吗
I have more money than Tom.	我比汤姆有钱
Can you play the organ?	你会弹管风琴吗
They were busy working for social reforms.	他们忙于社会改革
I watch my weight very carefully.	我非常注意我的体重
Wait till the light turns green.	等到指示灯变成绿色
This word is difficult to pronounce.	这个字很难发音
You've got a great sense of humor.	你有很好的幽默感
Don't leave the lights on when you leave the room.	离开房间时
Tom can't have done what you think he did.	汤姆不可能做你认为他做了的事
He called me a cab.	他替我叫了一部计程车
That's my goal.	这是我的目的
She said that she had been happy.	她说她以前很快乐
The problem isn't Tom.	问题不是汤姆
This is a company town.	这是个企业生活区
We depend on you.	我们可全指望你了
We can't sit idly by.	我们不能光坐著
My brother is a professor.	我哥哥是教授
You need to go home right now.	你要现在就回家
It's delicious.	很美味
How about going out to eat tonight?	今晚出去吃怎么样
You'd better put on a raincoat.	您最好穿一件雨衣
Everyone in the class climbed the hill.	班上每个人都爬上了这个山坡
I know that you did your best.	我知道你尽力了
He spared no pains to help me.	他不遗余力帮助我
I am full.	我吃饱了
I'll miss you when you're gone.	你走后
I'd never let you kiss me.	我永远也不会让您亲我
There's a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.	在玛丽的桌上有张汤姆的照片
Every rose has its thorns.	没有不带刺的玫瑰
Maybe he won't become famous.	也许他不会成名
Generally, Japanese people are shy.	一般而言
Can I eat this?	我可以吃这个吗
I don't think anyone can do this.	我认为没人能做到
Not everybody wants to be an artist.	不是每个人都想成为艺术家
Move quietly.	轻轻地移动
Tom took the hammer away from Mary.	汤姆从玛丽那里拿走了锤子
Where are you heading?	你要去哪里
Pick up the phone.	接电话
I'm glad to see you back.	很高兴再见到您
It's wrong to tell lies.	说谎是错误的
May I have a bus schedule?	我可以有张公车的时刻表吗
He hung a lamp from the ceiling.	他把一盏灯挂在了天花板上
Can I have something to eat?	我能些吃的东西吗
How important can it be?	它能有多重要
Let's wait until it stops raining.	我们等雨停吧
It is wrong to tell a lie.	说谎是错误的
She read an amusing story to the children.	她给孩子们读了个有趣的故事
We have to think about it.	我们必须考虑它
She taught music for thirty years.	她教了三十年的音乐
I got arrested.	我被逮捕了
Show me a cheaper one, please.	请给我看看便宜一点的
Is it OK if I go out with Tom?	我跟汤姆出去逛行吗
My mother plays the piano well.	我的母亲钢琴弹得很好
Tom works long hours.	汤姆的工作时间很长
I'll let you know when I've figured it out.	我搞明白了会告诉你
What happened to your computer?	你的电脑怎么了
What's going on with Tom?	汤姆出什么事了
Why is the table so wobbly?	桌子为什么这么晃
We've got to start thinking about recycling.	我们必须开始考虑回收
Why are you so mad?	你为什么这么生气
It's unlike him to get so angry.	这么生气不像他
I baked some apple pies.	我烤了苹果派
I only speak a little French.	我只会说一点法语
Everyone was happy.	每个人都高兴
He knows many people.	他认识很多人
Tom's sick.	汤姆生病了
I, too, have been to Boston many times.	我也去过波士顿很多次
The boat was piloted safely into harbor.	船被安全地领入港口
I will wait until she comes.	我会等到她来
Are you thirsty?	你渴吗
They say there are ghosts in this old house.	据说老房子闹鬼
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.	进教室时请脱下帽子
You're just being ridiculous.	你就是荒唐
Were you in Boston last summer?	你上个夏季在波士顿吗
My grandmother mailed the letter this morning.	今天早上我祖母寄出了这封信
I can't bear the sight of him.	我受不了他的视线
Tom learned to ride a bike when he was ten.	汤姆在
He has a son and two daughters.	他有一个儿子和两个女儿
I know you're learning French at school.	我知道你在学校学法语
China is much larger than Japan.	中国比日本大得多
Tom just wants your attention.	汤姆只是想引起你的注意
Tom asked Mary who her boyfriend was.	汤姆问玛丽她的男朋友是谁
Is Tom infected?	汤姆被感染了吗
Well, the night is quite long, isn't it?	夜晚很长
He seldom goes to church.	他很少去教堂
That's the other reason I'm here.	那是我在这里的另外一个理由
Tom told me he wanted to win.	汤姆告诉我他想赢
I was about to leave when the doorbell rang.	门铃响的时候
What are you two arguing about?	你们两个在争论甚么
Would you mind closing the window?	你介意我关窗户吗
Tell me more about Tom.	告诉我汤姆的情况
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.	一个老人在树荫下休息
What type of food do you like?	你喜欢什么样的食物
Reading books is important.	读书很重要
The world doesn't revolve around you.	世界不是围着你转的
I didn't hear anyone talking.	我没听到任何人在说话
How would you like your steak?	您的牛排要几分熟
The average height of girls in this class is over 155 centimeters.	这个班的女生平均身高超过了
My office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building.	我的办公室在那幢灰色的六层楼的四楼
I often go downtown on Sunday.	我常常星期日去市中心
I don't want either of them.	它们中没有我要的
He looks old, but he is still in his twenties.	他看上去老
Don't move!	别动
I don't think she takes after her mother.	我不觉得她像她妈妈
Tom wanted to see me.	汤姆想见我
What's your problem?	你到底怎么回事啊
He is older than she is by three years.	他比她大三岁
The countryside has many trees.	乡间有很多树
What is the exchange rate?	汇率是多少
I like tennis and golf.	我喜欢网球和高尔夫
Don't run risks.	不要冒险
You must be joking.	你一定是开玩笑
I am not writing a letter.	我没在写信
Tom may have left already.	汤姆可能已经走了
Education begins at home.	教育从家庭开始
Tom said that he thought he should study French.	汤姆说他认为他该学法语
If it rains tomorrow, we will go there by car.	如果明天下雨
The plane made a perfect landing.	这架飞机完美的著陆了
I will never see him again.	我永远不会再看到他
I need a stamp.	我需要一张邮票
I don't think that he will come.	我不认为他会来
They waited in line for the bus.	他们排队等公车
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain.	日本的人口比英国多
I still have a question.	我还有个问题
What's the meaning of this word?	这个字是什么意思
Does anybody want coffee?	有人要咖啡吗
Tom is playing the violin now.	汤姆正在拉小提琴
It's just your imagination.	这只是你的想象
Only one little boy survived the traffic accident.	这次交通事故中只有一个小男孩幸存了下来
You let me down.	你让我失望了
Are you busy at work?	你工作很忙吗
The water is rising.	水在升高
He is independent of his parents.	他独立于他的父母
Are you friends?	你们是朋友吗
The books here are mine.	这儿的书是我的
Tom didn't show up at the party yesterday.	汤姆昨天没有出现在派对上
Tom applauded.	汤姆鼓掌
Please let me pick up your sister at the station.	请让我到火车站去接你的姐姐
Very few people live to be 100.	很少人活到
Are you going to be in Boston this weekend?	你这周末在波士顿过吗
As soon as he saw a policeman, he ran away.	他一看见警察就逃走了
What's your home phone number?	你家的电话号码几号
She doesn't have as much patience as you do.	她没像你那样有耐心
The ecological footprint of a country is closely related to its level of economic development.	生态印迹与一国的经济发展程度密切相关
I'd like to go to the mall.	我想去商场
I need to go to the bathroom.	我要去方便一下
Today, many people worry about losing their jobs.	今天
My father is very much involved in the stock market now.	我爸爸现在非常专注于股市
May I use your car today?	我今天可以使用你的汽车吗
Do you have any Japanese magazines?	你有任何日本杂志吗
I am reading a book now.	我现在正在读一本书
It's very special.	它很特别
Tom doesn't want to lose Mary.	汤姆不想失去玛丽
We have little chance of winning.	我们获胜的机会很少
I'm going to be out today.	我今天将会外出
The moon is already out.	月亮已经出来了
What's the purpose of your trip?	你旅行的目的是什么
Do you offer any all-day tours?	你提供任何全日游吗
You haven't changed at all.	你一点都没变
We were caught in a storm.	我们被暴风雨袭击了
I'm going to take my car.	我将去取我的车
It doesn't matter.	没关系
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.	我打心底里感激你
Anyone can do that.	任何人都可以做到
Do you have an extra key?	你有多余的钥匙吗
Tom has been uncooperative.	汤姆不合作
My father has five brothers and sisters.	我父亲有五个兄弟姐妹
I signed the document.	我签了文件
Do you know anyone who's been to Australia?	你知道谁去过澳大利亚的吗
I met an old woman.	我遇见了一位老妇人
I feel sad every now and then.	我不时地觉得难过
It won't stop raining.	雨下个不停
Tom isn't lying.	汤姆没有说谎
We want to hear it.	我们想听听
I have a bad headache.	我头疼得厉害
How do you want this handled?	你想怎么处理
Could you say that one more time?	你能再说一次吗
He has over a million dollars in assets.	他有超过一百万美元的资产
I'd like to have another cup of coffee.	我想再要一杯咖啡
They are leaving Japan tomorrow.	明天他们将离开日本
In order to do that, you have to take risks.	要这么做
During the Depression in the 1930's, many wealthy people lost everything in the stock market crash.	在十九世纪三十年代的大萧条时期
He's worried that he might be late.	他担心他可能会迟到
I have to go to bed.	我该上床了
She knows me.	她认识我
I'll square things with you later.	待会我再和你谈谈
He paused to have a cigarette.	他停下来抽根烟
Other people's expectations affect how we behave.	其他人的期望会影响我们的行为
I'm shorter than you.	我比你矮
You shouldn't wait here.	你不应该在这里等
I know someone who might be able to help.	我知道有个人可能能帮忙
I'm now rich enough to afford to get anything I want.	我现在富得能买我想要的任何东西
The old man is blind in one eye.	这老人瞎了一只眼
Do you mind if I open the door?	你介意我开门吗
He works with me at the office.	他跟我在这间办公室一起工作
I'm hungry, so I'm going to get something to eat.	我饿了
I want you to read this letter.	我想你读一下这封信
He teaches English to his friend.	他对他的朋友教英语
Do what you think is best.	做你所想的是最好的
Are you a doctor?	你是不是医生
I think I now have enough money to buy the car I want.	我认为我现在有足够的钱买我想要的那辆车
My uncle comes to see me from time to time.	我叔叔偶尔来看我
Tom can't remember anything.	汤姆什么都记不住
I hate chemistry.	我讨厌化学
We ate sandwiches for breakfast.	我们早餐吃了三明治
He didn't mean to hurt you.	他不是故意要伤害你
I'll have to think about it.	我将考虑考虑
I don't want him to touch me.	我不想被他感动
Tom kissed Mary on both cheeks.	汤姆亲吻了玛丽的两颊
He had every reason for doing so.	他有充分的理由这样做
There was little water in the well.	这口井里的水很少
I know him.	我认识他
Yes, it's such a nice evening.	是的
You need to shed some pounds.	你需要甩掉几磅
Now tell us what we want to know.	现在告诉我们我们想知道的
He had his socks on inside out.	他将袜子的里外穿反了
Will you show me what you bought?	你愿意给我看看你买了什么吗
Which do you like better, rock music or classical music?	你比较喜欢哪一个
Tom doesn't think this is a coincidence.	汤姆不认为这是一个巧合
Could you tell me how to get there?	请问我该怎么去那里
No one could solve the puzzle.	没人解得了这个谜题
Hold your horses, young man.	别那么猴急
I take the train to work every day.	我每天搭火车上班
Could you write it down, please?	请你写下来好吗
I left my briefcase on the bus.	我把我的公事包留在公车上了
That day shall come.	这天会到来
Tom has to do that right away.	汤姆必须马上去做
I don't think that anyone was satisfied.	我不认为这件事让每个人都满意了
She stirred her coffee with a teaspoon.	她用茶匙搅她的咖啡
Is there a telephone anywhere?	哪里有电话机
I think Tom is very cool.	我认为汤姆很酷
Fasten your seat belts.	系上安全带
Tom hasn't missed any of Mary's concerts.	汤姆没有错过一场玛丽的音乐会
He preferred working to doing nothing.	他更愿意工作而不是无所事事
Those are my trousers.	那些都是我的裤子
He's afraid of that dog.	他怕那只狗
I don't know when he came back from France.	我不知道他是什么时候从法国回来的
Don't talk to me like this.	不要这样对我讲话
I know how we can help.	我知道我们要怎么帮忙
The young should respect the old.	年轻人应该尊敬老人
My friend asked me if I was feeling all right.	我朋友问我是不是觉得还好
Smoking affects your health.	吸烟有害健康
I'm very anxious about my son's safety.	我很担心我儿子的安全
I don't like the way he speaks.	我不喜欢他说的话
I usually get up at 6:00.	我通常在六点钟起床
The bank is not open on Saturdays.	银行星期六不营业
Give me your phone number.	给我你的电话号码
You win.	算你狠
Now shake hands and make up.	现在握个手和解吧
It'll cost around ten thousand yen.	它将花费大约
The library is on the 4th floor.	图书馆在四楼
I watched a great movie yesterday.	我昨天看了部很棒的电影
It can be done in a day.	它可以在一天之内完成
Please come to my office in the afternoon.	下午请到我办公室来
This tie doesn't go with my suit.	这条领带跟我的西装不配
I'm eating.	我正在吃东西
You have to quit smoking.	你必须戒烟
Who told you Tom broke his leg?	谁告诉你们汤姆把腿摔断的
Tom tried to stab me.	汤姆企图刺我
This movie is frightening to the children.	这部电影对小孩来说很可怕
All that I know is that he gave up the plan.	我所知道的是他放弃了这个计划
His watch is ten minutes slow.	他的手表慢了十分钟
I don't think Tom understands what's going on.	我不认为汤姆知道正在发生甚么
He is two years older than you.	他比你大两岁
He had kept the secret to himself.	他保守著这个秘密
I'm Tom's grandfather.	我是
He made the most of his opportunities.	他尽力地利用了他的机会
I must go home.	我该回家了
Are you busy now?	现在你们忙吗
The girl made an awkward bow.	这个女孩做了一把不称手的弓
I don't like the taste of onions.	我不喜欢洋葱的味道
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.	水在摄氏
I'll never forget going to Hawaii with her.	我永远不会忘记那次跟她一起去夏威夷
Tom wanted to say goodbye.	汤姆想说声再见
He asked me two questions.	他问了我两个问题
Mistakes like these are easily overlooked.	这种错误很容易被人忽视
Nagoya lies between Tokyo and Osaka.	名古屋在东京和大阪之间
Tom remained a bachelor until his death.	汤姆终身未娶
The birds were flying in a group.	鸟儿成群飞着
You've got to set the alarm clock before you go to bed.	在你上床睡觉之前
Please help yourself to the cake.	你们自己吃蛋糕
He amassed a fortune in stock trading during the last boom.	他在上个景气时期炒股攒下了一笔钱
He paid 1,000 yen for this book.	他花了
I would like to purchase some boots.	我想买些靴子
You don't understand the procedure.	你不明白流程
Tom wanted to stay home and relax instead of hiking with his children.	汤姆想待在家休息而不是和他的孩子们出去远足
Takoyaki is really quite delicious.	章鱼小丸子真的很美味
Why do you want to know what I'm thinking?	为什么你想知道我在想什么
The fire reduced the house to ashes.	房子被大火烧成了灰烬
Tom admitted that he murdered Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
What are your thoughts on this?	你觉得这个怎么样
Look out for cars when you cross the road.	当你过马路的时候要当心汽车
When do you usually get off work?	您一般几点下班
He is a diplomat at the American Embassy.	他是美国大使馆的外交官
Dozens are still missing.	数十人仍然失踪
She translated it word for word.	她逐字地翻译它
He likes anything sweet.	他喜欢一切甜的东西
This chair is very comfortable.	这张椅子很舒服
Tom's French is already rather good.	汤姆的法语已经很好了
She's determined to become a secretary.	她下决心要成为秘书
What a wonderful night!	多美妙的夜晚啊
I'm sorry, I don't have change.	对不起
I don't like this idea.	我不喜欢这个主意
I feel better today than yesterday.	我今天感觉比昨天好
He is tall.	他高
Tom wanted to go to Australia.	汤姆想去澳大利亚
The simplest solutions are always the best.	解决问题最简便的方法往往是最好的办法
Tom said it was a diamond.	汤姆说它是钻石
Between you and me, Tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.	汤姆的主意我不太感兴趣
I like coffee better than tea.	我喜欢咖啡胜过茶
You'd better hurry.	你最好快点
Tom criticized Mary in front of everyone.	汤姆在所有人面前批评了玛丽
You talk as if you knew everything.	你说得你好像什么都知道似的
I need some help with my work.	我在我的工作上需要一些帮助
The door is locked at nine o'clock.	九点钟锁门
He used to meditate in the morning.	他过去时常在早上的时候冥想
He is afraid of his own shadow.	他是个胆小鬼
Were you busy?	您当时在忙吗
You're not as smart as me.	你没有我聪明
She didn't show up at the party yesterday.	昨天的派对上她并没有如约而至
Follow me.	跟我走
I told the policeman what I knew.	我告诉了警察我所知道的
Tomorrow is Sunday.	明天是星期天
Who is this boy?	这个男孩是谁
Let me think for a moment.	让我想一想
Why didn't you bring your hat today?	为什么你今天没有把帽子带来
Tom thinks Mary may have an eating disorder.	汤姆认为玛丽可能有进食障碍
I saw more than Tom knows.	我看的比
Tom didn't waste any time, did he?	汤姆不浪费一点时间
You're your own worst enemy.	你是你自己最大的敌人
It is cruel of him to say such things to her.	他跟她说这样的话真是太残忍了
Have you finished writing the letter yet?	你信写完了吗
A dog was run over by a truck.	一条狗被卡车碾过
We're people.	我们是人
I'll not be at home next Sunday.	我下周日不在家
Where are you going?	你们去哪里
What's the weather like today?	今天天气怎么样
The picnic was called off because of the rain.	由于下雨
I miss you.	我想念你
Why don't you stay a little while?	你为什么不留下来一会儿
I think Tom is good.	我觉得
What's your favorite way to cook potatoes?	你最喜欢用什么方式煮马铃薯
Can I go swimming this afternoon?	我今天下午可以去游泳吗
I have nothing to do with that crime.	这个犯罪和我一点关系都没有
That wasn't nice.	那不好
He is in his library.	他在图书馆里
Your team is stronger than ours.	你们的队伍比我们的强
Maybe next time.	也许下一次吧
Tom had a heat stroke.	汤姆中暑了
I think he won't come.	我认为他不会来
You can't fire us.	你们不能解雇我们
The flash wasn't working, so he couldn't take a picture in the dark.	因为闪光灯坏了
Why are you here?	你为什么在这
This is a friend of mine.	这个是我的朋友
I had difficulty in solving this problem.	我很难解决这个问题
Could you introduce me to a lawyer?	你能帮我介绍一名律师吗
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.	坦率地说
We lived together for three years.	我们在一起生活了三年
Tom spoke about the problem with Mary.	汤姆跟玛丽说了这问题
We don't have time.	我们没时间
You should pay more attention to his warnings.	你应该多注意他的警告
My knowledge of Japanese is rather poor.	我对日文不大了解
We saw the children enter the room.	我们看到了孩子们进入这个房间
The assistant took the money.	助手拿了钱
She is gracious to everyone.	她对谁都很和蔼可亲
This zipper doesn't zip smoothly.	这拉链卡卡的
I erased the blackboard for the teacher.	我为老师擦黑板
I can't find my ticket.	我找不到我的票
It's very warm today.	今天很热
We enjoyed ourselves very much.	我们玩的很开心
I found something interesting in the town.	我发现了镇上一些有趣的事
Switzerland is famous for its scenic beauty.	瑞士以它的风景优美而闻名
He is careless about money.	他不关心钱
Is someone knocking on the door?	有人敲门吗
Don't forget us.	别忘了我们
I can work with anyone.	我能跟任何人工作
What're you writing?	你在写什么
I sat next to him.	我坐在他旁边
Her daughter has become a beautiful woman.	她的女儿已经变成一个漂亮的女人
My room is very small.	我的房间非常小
Tom was sent back to Boston.	汤姆被送回了波士顿
Tom has disappeared.	汤姆不见了
Anybody may participate.	谁都可以参加
She gave birth to twin girls.	她生了双胞胎女儿
As he spoke, pictures came into my mind.	他说的时候
I heard a strange sound.	我听到一声怪响
Clean your room.	清扫你的房间
Some scientists believe that the greenhouse effect is imaginary.	有的科学家认为温室效应是虚构的
Great progress has been made.	已经取得巨大进展
What vegetables do you like to eat?	你喜欢吃什么菜
He described the incident in detail.	他详细地描述了事故状况
I hear you are good at cooking.	我听说你擅长烹饪
Onions cook more quickly than potatoes.	洋葱比马铃薯快熟
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.	人们看待事情的角度不同取决于他们是富裕或贫穷
He has a good appetite.	他的胃口很好
Where's the vodka?	伏特加在哪里
I heard it on the radio.	我从广播中听到它
I plan to break up with her.	我打算与她分手
She and I are in the same class.	她和我同班
I thought that I told you to stay away from my computer.	我说过让你离我的电脑远一点的
Please say it once more.	请再说一次
Tom was unable to remember what he had eaten for breakfast.	汤姆记不得他在早餐吃了什么
Tom loves dogs.	汤姆喜欢狗
I hope that Tom has learned his lesson.	我希望汤姆已经吸取教训了
He was killed in a car accident.	他死于一场车祸
He turned the key.	他转动钥匙
Are your eyes open?	你睁著眼吗
Try resting for now.	现在休息一下
I'm really busy.	我真的好忙
Tom is retired already, isn't he?	汤姆已经退休了不是吗
Keep smiling.	保持微笑
It says in the Bible, "Man shall not live on bread alone."	圣经里有一句话
I'm cold.	我冷
She left here right away.	她马上离开了这里
They worked jointly on this project.	他们一起为这个项目工作过
I'm very sorry that I came home so late.	我很抱歉那么晚回家
You're the only one who understands me.	只有你懂我
Hold on just one second.	请稍等一下
You don't need to be there.	你不必去那里
I don't know if she wants to go with me.	我不知道她想不想和我一起去
May I come and see you tomorrow?	我明天可以来看你吗
I will never forget your kindness.	我永远不会忘记你的亲切
These apples are very big.	这些苹果很大
I don't know how to express my thanks.	我不知道如何表达我的谢意
Tom told Mary to ask John to help.	汤姆告诉玛丽去找约翰求助
Did the dog bark?	狗叫了吗
That mountain is easy to climb.	那座山很容易爬
She went there yesterday.	她昨天去那里
What happened to Tom could happen to you.	汤姆身上发生的事也可能发生到你身上
I had to cancel that order because we didn't have enough money to pay for it.	我们的钱不够
How do you spell your last name?	你的姓怎么拼
I do not love him any longer.	我已经不爱他了
I'm just about done.	我差不多完成了
Can I get my money back?	我是不是能收回我的钱
He was too old to swim.	他太老了
Do you want me to call the police?	你想要我叫警察吗
Remember Tom's advice.	记住汤姆的建议
Tom couldn't control himself.	汤姆不能自已
He denied having stolen the money.	他否认偷了钱
I was lonely without her.	她不在
It's rude to stare at someone.	盯著别人看是不礼貌的
No news is good news.	没消息就是好消息
Is it necessary for me to explain the reason to him?	我有必要向他解释原因吗
I heard you.	我听你的
She made a new suit for him.	她做了一套新衣服给他
I went to drink a beer with my friends.	我去和朋友喝了杯啤酒
Tom's diabetic.	汤姆是糖尿病患者
You can't live without water.	没有水你不能生活
How dare you speak like that!	您怎么敢这样说话
I persuaded him to give up the idea.	我说服他放弃了这个主意
I get two hours' exercise every day.	我每天做两个小时的练习
Have you worked the puzzle out?	你解开谜团了吗
Isn't that mine?	那是我的吗
You're really beautiful.	你真的很漂亮
I have never felt better.	我从来没感觉那么好过
How do you write your last name?	你的姓氏怎么写
She was coming down the stairs.	她下楼
Is there anything you want to eat?	有什么想吃的吗
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.	昨天的董事会会议非常成功
This isn't safe.	这不安全
He's rich, but he's not happy.	他很有钱
Please keep this a secret.	请保密
Tom lost his only son in a car accident.	汤姆在一场车祸中失去了他的独子
Tell her that I am cooking dinner.	告诉她我在做晚饭
Her mother will continue to work.	她母亲将继续工作
I don't think that she looks like her mother.	我不觉得她像她妈妈
What's she doing?	她在做什么
I need to go to the bathroom.	我要上厕所
I am quite ignorant of their plan.	他们的计划我一无所知
You are too sensitive to criticism.	你对批评太敏感了
I don't go in for that sort of thing.	我讨厌那种事
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.	我明天带给你
Are you free tomorrow evening?	你明晚有空吗
What's your favorite color?	你最喜欢的颜色是什么
If he doesn't come, we won't go.	如果他不来了
Tom is a scumbag.	汤姆是个无赖
Nobody answered my question.	没人回答我的问题
Christmas drew near.	圣诞节近了
Do I look rich?	我看起来很有钱吗
I suggest that we go out on Friday.	我建议我们星期五出去玩
He began to sweat.	他开始出汗了
Here we are!	我们到了
I'd like to know the exact time.	我想知道确切的时间
Those men are Canadians.	那些男人是加拿大人
I was surprised at his strong resemblance to his father.	他像极了他父亲
After she had read the letter, she tore it to pieces.	看了信之后
Perhaps we should help Tom.	我们可能要帮汤姆
Let's not talk about it any more.	让我们不要再谈论它了
She wore a white dress.	她穿了一件白色的洋装
I want to ask you some questions about Tom.	我想问你一些关于汤姆的问题
What would you like to do in the future?	以后打算干什么
Tom went there to learn French.	汤姆去那里学法语
You are a bit fat.	你有点胖
Tom isn't watching TV now.	汤姆现在没在电视
I'm glad that you guys are here.	我很高兴你们都在
I'm looking for books on Roman history.	我在找关于古罗马历史的书
I think you're lying.	我觉得你在撒谎
Out of sight, out of mind.	眼不见
Tom is only pretending he's not interested.	汤姆只是在装没兴趣
I'm very glad to see you again.	我很高兴再次见到你
She is absorbed in rock music.	她沉迷于摇滚乐
I wish I were in Paris now.	但愿我现在在巴黎
I don't believe it at all.	我根本不信
You'd better take an umbrella with you.	你最好随身带把伞
We'll have lived here for two years next April.	到明年四月我们住在这儿就满两年了
It was very nice seeing you again.	非常高兴再次见到你
Tom told me to take good care of myself.	汤姆告诉我要照顾好我自己
I do not love him anymore.	我已经不爱他了
The boy doesn't know how to behave.	这个男孩不懂礼貌
Tom and Mary argue with each other all the time.	汤姆和玛丽无时无刻不在辩论
I'll be there at once.	我会立刻到那里
Do you have this jacket in different colors?	你有不同颜色的外套吗
Do you commute to school by bus?	你搭公车上下学吗
Tom thinks that Mary may have an eating disorder.	汤姆认为玛丽可能有进食障碍
He has been sick for a week.	他病了一星期
I swear I'll never do such a thing.	我发誓我不会做这种事
Doesn't Tom go to Australia every month?	汤姆不是每个月都去澳大利亚吗
She told me she knew my brother.	她告诉我她认识我的哥哥
If it rains tomorrow, we'll stay at home.	如果明天下雨
His daughter has become a beautiful woman.	他的女儿已经成为了一个漂亮的女人
This is kind of interesting.	这有点意思
There are some empty bottles in the box.	盒子里有些空瓶
Only a few TV programs are worth watching.	只有为数不多的几个电视节目值得关注
This amount includes tax.	这个价格含了税
Tom looked for his pen.	汤姆找他的钢笔
See you again.	再见
Aren't you thirsty?	你不渴吗
My house is close to the school.	我的家离学校很近
You can ask the child that is playing over there.	你可以问问在那里玩的孩子
Be friendly.	友好点
He sometimes comes to see me.	他有时会来看我
She asked him to mail that letter.	她请他寄那封信
The meeting will end tomorrow.	会议明天就结束了
The baby cried all night.	这孩子哭了一整夜
Will you sell your car to me?	你可以把你的车卖给我吗
You're free to go.	您可以走了
My aunt made me a new skirt.	我阿姨做了一条新裙子给我
Can I start?	我可以开始了吗
Tom works in a windowless office.	汤姆在没有窗户的办公室里工作
Let's go over there.	咱去那吧
Speak softly.	你说话小点声
Would you pass the mashed potatoes, please?	你能给我土豆泥吗
Whether you like it or not doesn't matter.	你喜不喜欢没关系
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.	一鸟在手胜过二鸟在林
This last song is one I wrote for my wife.	最后一首歌是我为妻子写的一首
My older brother lives in a small village.  我哥住在一座小村庄里
Knowledge is power.	知识就是力量
I've been here a long time.	我在这里很长一段时间了
That wasn't my intention.	那不是我的本意
That's flammable.	那是可燃的
Your opinion is similar to mine.	你的意见跟我的相似
I promised Tom I wouldn't say anything.	我对汤姆发誓我不会说任何话了
Get down on the floor!	趴在地上
Which cap is yours?	哪顶帽子是你的
Do you often travel abroad?	你经常出国吗
What time is it now in Boston?	波士顿现在几点
His grandmother looks healthy.	他祖母看起来很健康
Do you want some more tea?	你想再要点茶吗
He gave me food and money as well.	他给了我食物和钱
The old man made out his will.	这位老先生立了他的遗嘱
Dr. Yukawa played an important part in the scientific study.	汤川博士在科学研究上起了很重要的作用
I've done bad things that I should be punished for.	我做了该受罚的坏事
Tom is tired.	汤姆累了
Tom doesn't work here.	汤姆不在这里工作
I was quite satisfied.	我真是满意
Tom can't ride a horse.	汤姆不能骑马
One more bottle of wine, please.	麻烦再来一瓶葡萄酒
He broke his word, which made his wife angry.	他失信了
Please wait a bit.	请稍等一下
New York City policemen wear dark blue uniforms.	纽约警察穿深蓝色制服
How long have you been abroad?	你在国外多久了
I'll call you up tomorrow.	明天我会打电话给你
That bridge is very beautiful.	那座桥很漂亮
I made a few changes.	我做了点改动
It will become much warmer in March.	到了三月会变的更温暖吧
I am to blame for it.	这是我的错
I can't do any more than this.	我无法做比这更多的了
No one understands me.	没人理解我
You'd better go home.	你最好回家
Tom has accumulated a lot of junk.	汤姆屯了很多垃圾
Long time, no see.	好久不见
The sky is full of stars.	天空布满星辰
What trips are you planning?	你在计划什么出游吗
Please don't get me wrong.	千万别误会我的意思
Mary wants to become a teacher.	玛丽想成为一名教师
Tom has been driving all day.	汤姆整天都在开车
Tom lives here.	汤姆住在这里
She'll love her husband forever.	她会永远爱她的丈夫
Strike while the iron is hot.	打铁趁热
He is getting along with his neighborhood.	他和他的邻居相处
There were no mistakes.	没有错误
That fox must have killed the hen.	那只狐狸杀了一只母鸡
The typhoon caused the river to flood.	台风造成了河水泛滥
He is known as a great poet.	他以一个伟大的诗人闻名
Your essay still needs some improvement.	你的论文还需要改进
Tom won.	汤姆胜利了
He helped the lady into the car.	他帮助这位女士上车
All of them are good teachers.	他们都是好老师
It's human nature.	它是人的天性
Learning foreign languages is boring.	学外文很无聊
I don't know anything about their plan.	我对他们的计划一无所知
I was born on October 10th, 1972.	我在一九七二年十月十日出生
The soccer game is tomorrow.	明天有足球比赛
How're you doing?	你们好吗
Tom died.	汤姆去世了
You're not going in the right direction.	你要南辕北辙了
Mom is getting dinner ready.	妈妈快把晚餐准备好了
Please lend me your knife.	请借我你的刀
I'm going to see what I can do.	我要看看我能做甚么
He lives by himself.	他一个人生活
How is your last name written?	你的姓氏怎么写
I've been cheated before.	我以前被骗过
All participants must be registered.	所有的参加者都得注册
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.	他似乎不知道我父亲和我之间的纠葛
Where are you right now?	你现在在哪里
I'm sorry that I didn't reply to you sooner.	抱歉
Islam first reached China about the middle of the 7th century.	伊斯兰教大约在七世纪中传到中国
My father graduated from Harvard University.	我爸爸是哈佛大学毕业的
He loves fishing.	他酷爱钓鱼
He differs from his brother.	他和他兄弟不一样
I can't blame Tom for not waiting.	我不能怪汤姆不等著
I was puzzled about what to do next.	我对以后做什么很迷茫
Can he speak English?	他说英语吗
He likes taking care of the garden.	他喜欢照顾花园
I'm not too smart.	我不太聪明
I think it's very difficult.	我认为它很难
Underage drinking is a crime.	未满年龄饮酒是罪行
My purse has been stolen.	我的钱包被抢了
It is clear what must be done.	显然地势必要做些什么
I want to go there once more.	我想再去那里一次
They know what happened.	他们知道发生了什么
He made friends with her in America.	他与她在美国成为朋友
Is your homework finished?	你的作业做完了吗
Tom likes tofu.	汤姆喜欢豆腐
Everyone, say cheese.	所有人
Would you please close that window?	请您把那扇窗户关起来好吗
My mother told us an interesting story.	我的妈妈给我们讲了个有趣的故事
It's against the law to carry weapons.	携带武器是违法的
It's dangerous!	它是危险的
He came to Japan seven years ago.	他七年前来日本
Are you crying?	你在哭吗
Tom will likely never do that again.	汤姆不太会再去做那事了
What did you do last night?	你昨天晚上做什么
The investigation is under way.	相关调查正在进行中
He will reach Hakodate tonight.	他今晚将抵达函馆
Will you go out tomorrow?	你明天出去吗
The baby seemed to be in a deep sleep.	那个婴儿似乎在熟睡中
He got injured in the traffic accident.	他在这场交通意外中受了伤
There are many old temples in Kyoto.	京都有许多古刹
He seldom writes to his father.	他很少写信给他父亲
Be nice to others.	对他人要友善
I never played golf.	我从没玩过高尔夫
He never gave up hope that he would reach that goal.	他从没放弃达成那个目标的希望
I drink tea, too.	我也喝茶
The couple is walking hand in hand.	这对夫妻手牵手走路
Tom shaves three times a week.	汤姆每周刮脸三次
I think watching TV is a waste of time.	我觉得看电视是浪费时间
See you around.	再见
They got married six months ago.	他们六个月前结婚了
I telephoned her at once.	我立刻打电话给她
This is just for you.	这是只给你的
You'd better take an umbrella with you today.	你今天最好随身带把伞
I'd rather avoid it.	我宁愿避免这种事
I understood Tom's point of view.	我理解汤姆的观点
President Lincoln was what we call a self-made man.	林肯总统就是我们所谓白手起家的男人
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.	日本的新学年在四月开始
I have too many things on my mind these days.	这几天我脑袋里的事情太多了
I'll still have a scar from that accident.	我还留着那起事故的伤疤
Help yourself to anything you'd like to eat.	想吃什么就吃什么吧
She works very hard.	她很努力工作
I asked her a difficult question.	我问了她一个难题
His cottage is on the coast.	他的村屋在海岸上
Why are you so secretive?	你为什么这么神秘
What are the chances of that happening?	发生这种情况的几率多大
Sir, can we quickly inspect your luggage please?	先生
We all consider your idea to be impractical.	我们都认为你的想法是行不通的
My father will come home at seven.	我爸爸会在七点钟回家
Although the government refuses to admit it, its economic policy is in ruins.	尽管政府拒绝承认
Have you turned in your report?	你交报告了吗
It'll rain soon.	天快要下雨了
Why is nobody visiting my website?	为什么没人来我的网站呢
I don't know what we'll do.	我不知道我们将会做什么
She made a man of him.	她使他长大成人
I know what his name is.	我知道他叫什么名字
Where did you come from?	你从哪里来
I am not good at mathematics.	我的数学不好
It snowed.	下雪了
Are you sure that Tom is in Australia now?	你确定汤姆现在在澳洲吗
What did you buy?	你买了什么
He came all the way from Chicago.	他从芝加哥远道而来了
He realized his dream of becoming an artist.	他实现了当兿术家的梦想
I got along with everybody.	我和大家相处
Wait!	等等
Bring me a bucket of water.	给我一桶水
Don't you want to use mine?	你不想用我的吗
Come home.	回家吧
That's awesome, right?	很棒
You're doing very well. Keep it up.	做得非常好
Slavic languages fascinate me.	斯拉夫语让我着迷
As long as good people do nothing, evil will triumph.	只要好人袖手旁观
You are a good person.	您是一个好人
French isn't Tom's native language.	法语不是汤姆的母语
She's not a regular employee of this company.	她不是这间公司正式的职员
She accused me of being a liar.	她骂我是个骗子
They let me go.	他们让我走
Can I do anything for you?	我能为你做点甚么吗
Is this your car?	这是你的车吗
We have your size, but not in that color.	我们有你的尺寸
What's the Wi-Fi password?	Wifi	的密码是什么
I'll join you all later.	我会晚些加入你们
Scotland is famous for its woollen textiles.	苏格兰以其羊毛纺织品而著名
Above all, be patient.	尤其是要有耐心
That was a beautiful moment.	那是个美好的瞬间
There's no use crying over spilt milk.	覆水难收
I don't know her, nor do I want to.	我不认识她
I'll be taking a vacation next month.	我下个月要休假
I'd rather die than surrender.	我宁死不降
I entrusted my property to him.	我把我的财产托付给他
It seems that you aren't having a good time here.	好像你们在这儿玩得不愉快啊
Can you just please go?	我能请你离开吗
Is this what you wanted?	这是你要的吗
That's not your problem.	不是你的问题
Tom is reading a book in his room.	汤姆正在自己房间里看书
It's only a matter of time.	这只是时间的问题
Did you bring a hair dryer?	你吹风机带来了吗
I'll come and pick you up at three.	我三点钟来接你
I want to go abroad.	我想要出国
She plays tennis in the morning.	她早上打网球
Are you angry at Tom?	你在生汤姆的气吗
Let me remind you again that March 31st is the due date.	让我再次提醒你
I don't think that this is a good idea.	我觉得这主意不行
How's school?	学校怎么样
I like to eat meat.	我喜欢吃肉
Do you think we'll have good weather tomorrow?	你觉得明天会有个好天气吗
What did he ask you?	他问你什么
You're dumb.	你很愚蠢
Someone came.	有人来了
She's good at getting around rules.	她擅于逃避规则
Tom didn't deny he did that.	汤姆没有否认他做的事情
Do you plan to eat all of that yourself?	你打算自己一人把它全部吃了吗
It's up to you.	由你来决定
Let me have a look at your notebook.	请给我看一下你的笔记本电脑
That red sweater looks good on you.	你穿那件红色的毛衣好看
He raised his hands.	他举起了他的手
Tom has been gaining weight.	汤姆胖了
I waited for her for a really long time.	我真的等了她很长一段时间
I think Tom will likely like this movie.	我认为汤姆很可能会喜欢这部电影
Where are my glasses?	我的眼镜在哪里
He is afraid to fly in an airplane.	他怕坐飞机
Tom was wrong.	汤姆错了
He had a smile on his face.	他面带笑容
My internet connection was cut off.	我的网路连线被切断了
He said nothing, which made her angry.	他什么也没说
He's an old friend of mine.	他是我的一位老朋友
I don't know how to put it in Japanese.	我不知道这个用日语该怎么说
I'm really sorry. I seem to have lost your umbrella.	我真的很抱歉
I fell in love with her.	我爱上了她
I don't like early morning meetings.	我不喜欢在清晨开的会议
Nothing is achieved without effort.	没有什么是不劳而获的
The scenery was beautiful beyond description.	这风景美得无法形容
I have so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.	我有太多话想和你说
It's cool today.	今天很凉快
I didn't mean to do that.	我没想那样做的
My camera can shoot high-definition video.	我的录像机可以拍高清视频
Fortunately, no passengers were injured.	万幸
You can get a loan from a bank.	你可以从银行贷款
She got good grades in English.	她在英文上取得了很好的成绩
Something strange is happening.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
You shouldn't talk to Tom that way.	你不该那样跟汤姆讲话
He is not a high school student.	他不是个高中生
I wasn't aware that Tom was sleeping.	我不知道汤姆在睡觉
He has access to the American Embassy.	他有权出入美国大使馆
There were three uniformed police officers at the crime scene.	犯罪现场有三名穿制服的警察
You may choose what you like.	你可以选择你喜欢的
We had a heavy frost this morning.	今天早上天气严寒
They came all the way from Brazil.	他们从巴西远道而来
Japan is an extremely noisy country.	日本是一个非常嘈杂的国家
I don't think this rain will let up anytime soon.	我看这雨还会下一阵子
How can that be possible?	那怎么可能
Do you have anything to say?	你有任何话要说吗
She's a middle-aged fat woman.	她是个中年胖女人
Look at that smoke.	快看那个烟
We'll meet again.	后会有期
None of those books are useful.	这些书里没有一本是有用的
She was brought up by her grandmother.	她是由她的祖母带大的
I didn't like it.	我没有喜欢过
He's busy.	他很忙
All the students clapped their hands.	所有的学生都拍手
As far as I know, she is still missing.	据我所知
Do you want to buy anything?	你要买点东西吗
I was lying earlier.	我之前在撒谎
This makes me very angry.	这让我很生气
So, what'll you give me?	那你会给我什么
You must be careful not to make him angry.	你要小心别惹他生气
That really whets my appetite.	那很开胃
How do you make your money?	你怎么赚钱
It looks like an egg.	这看上去像个蛋
My parents want to meet you.	我父母想见你
Tom isn't doing what he's supposed to be doing.	汤姆没有在做他该做的事
I just talked to the person in charge.	我刚跟主管人谈过
I climbed in through the window.	我从窗口爬进来的
This piano has probably not been tuned for years.	这台琴应该好多年没调过音了
You shouldn't have paid the bill.	你本来不应该付账的
How many times have you been to Europe?	你去过欧洲几次
She usually gets up early.	她通常很早起床
He asked me to help him.	他要求我帮助他
Thanks for coming over tonight.	谢谢您今晚的光临
Don't lie to Tom and me.	不要对我和汤姆撒谎
When he feels fine, he goes for a walk.	当他感到舒服时
I am diabetic.	我有糖尿病
Am I wrong?	我错了吗
The pond is 3 meters deep.	这个池塘有三米深
I'll lend you this dictionary.	我会借给你这本字典
Give me that book.	把书给我
If it happened to Tom, it could happen to you.	如果那发生在
Tangerines contain a lot of vitamin C.	柳丁含有大量的维生素
I fed the dog.	我喂过狗了
Would anybody like some coffee?	有人要咖啡吗
Thousands of people wanted to know the answer.	成千上万的人想要知道答案
I'd like a table by the window.	我要一张靠窗的桌子
Eat your soup before it gets cold.	趁汤没凉之前喝下
Up to now, how many books do you think you've read?	到目前为止
He kicked the ball.	他踢了那颗球
First, I don't have any money. Second, I don't have the time.	首先
We've ordered Chinese food.	我们点了中餐
Tom had a lot of problems at the school.	汤姆在学校遇到了很多问题
Look closely.	仔细看
Someone is lying.	有人说谎
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?	你还没洗手
Do you want this job or not?	你想不想要这工作
Do you think there are aliens?	你觉着有外星人存在吗
That smells bad.	那不好闻
The lion is the king of the jungle.	狮子是丛林之王
Is it poisonous?	它有毒吗
I lost my ticket. What should I do?	我丢了我的票
He has gone to Hokkaido.	他去北海道了
An opportunity like this only comes along once in a lifetime.	一辈子只会出现一次像这样的机会
There is a letter for you.	你有一封信
I'd better be on my way.	我该走了
You are good.	你很好
I've eaten one apple.	我吃了一个苹果
They guaranteed regular employment to their workers.	他们对他们的员工保证就业
I hope you'll get well soon.	我希望你很快就会好
Step on it!	快一点
What do you think about it?	你对这件事有什么看法
Are you coming next week?	你下周来吗
There's something I want to tell you.	有件事情我要对你说
They killed time playing cards.	他们玩牌来杀时间
I always rest for an hour after dinner.	晚饭后
Is that paper?	那是纸吗
None of the teachers could solve the problem.	所有的老师都无法解决这个问题
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.	我已经找了很久的工作
I can't think of any other way of getting him to accept our proposal.	我看不出有其他方法能让他接受我们的提议
Can you ride a horse?	你会骑马吗
I know that life is short.	我知道生命是短暂的
I almost always play baseball after school.	我几乎总是在放学后打棒球
I generally agree with her.	我大致上同意她
No one can keep me from going there.	没人能阻止我去那儿
Tom would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt.	要是汤姆系上安全带的话
We're flying from Boston to Chicago.	我们要从波士顿飞往芝加哥
Someday I'll run like the wind.	有一天
How did you do that?	那你是怎么做的
How large is the population of New York City?	纽约市的人口有多少
I cleared the table.	我清理了桌子
He left the house without so much as saying goodbye.	他甚至没说再见就离开了家
My boss made me work overtime.	我的老板要我加班
Tom salted his egg.	汤姆在蛋上撒盐
Who won?	谁赢了
Where did you study?	你在哪里学习
Everyone knows of his affection for that dog.	每个人都知道他对那狗的感情
I'll give you a prescription.	我会给你开个药方
It's my fault.	这是我的错
Tom, are you okay?	汤姆
I just can't take it anymore.	我真的受不了了
I don't mind if it's hot.	辣点儿没关系
Feel free to stay.	欢迎留下来
He has a remarkable aptitude for music.	他有非凡的音乐天份
There was nothing left in the fridge.	冰箱里什么都没剩下
When will it end?	什么时候才结束啊
That's perfect.	那是完美的
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.	以眼还眼以牙还牙
Tom told me I shouldn't ever do that.	汤姆说我绝不该做
Let me ask a stupid question.	我来问个有点傻的问题
You won't need it.	你不会需要它
Mary had been knitting for an hour when I called.	我打电话过去时
Tom talked about his school.	汤姆谈了他的学校
Please come to my house.	请来我家吧
Africa was once called the Dark Continent.	非洲曾经被称为黑暗大陆
Tom has two children.	Tom	有两个孩子
I don't know if today is Tuesday or Wednesday.	我不知道今天是星期二还是星期三
Why do you need it?	你为什么需要它
I'm fairly confident that I can do that.	我相当有自信我能做到这一点
Is there someone who could help me?	有谁可以帮我吗
The box wasn't empty.	箱子不是空的
These boxes are heavy.	这些箱子重
Attack is the best form of defense.	进攻是最好的防御
He plays baseball every day.	他每天都打垒球
Let the bird fly away.	放飞鸟儿
We go fishing once in a while.	我们偶尔去钓鱼
Tom didn't attend the meeting.	汤姆没有参加会议
You're babbling.	你说话含糊不清
I'm sure Tom won't have any trouble finding us.	我确定汤姆找到我们没有任何问题
Are you busy tomorrow afternoon?	明天下午你忙吗
Did you visit the Tokyo Tower?	您参观过东京塔吗
He meets his girlfriend on Saturdays.	他每周六和他的女朋友见面
I make it a rule not to watch television after nine o'clock.	我规定自己在九点之后不看电视
I think that it'll be hot tomorrow.	我觉得明天会很热
Can you think of something better?	你能想到更好的东西吗
When do you usually get off work?	你一般几点下班
Your room is big.	您的房间很大
I'm not afraid of dying.	我不怕死
You should read a lot of books while you're young.	当你年轻的时候
We graduate from high school at eighteen.	我们在十八岁的时候从高中毕业了
I don't have time for a vacation this year.	我今年没时间去度假
Do you still buy lottery tickets?	你还买彩票吗
Tom tried to push the door open.	汤姆试着把门推开
Tom, Mary and John are all here.	汤姆
I have difficulty chewing.	我不太能嚼东西
He earns a good salary.	他收入可观
There are many fish in this lake.	这湖里有许多鱼
You must not speak loudly.	你不该大声说话
One good friend is better than ten relatives.	一个好友胜过十个亲戚
These products are of the same quality.	这些产品质量同等
I'm going to buy a new car.	我要买辆新车
My name doesn't appear on the list.	我的名字没有出现在名单上
Take your time. There's no rush.	慢慢来
It was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man.	他对一个生病的男人说这种事真是没良心
Tom and I are teammates.	汤姆和我是队友
You've got a lot of guts.	你胆子很大
The boss has a good opinion of your work.	老板对你的工作有很高的评价
He is a good tennis player.	他是个网球高手
I drank too much yesterday.	我昨天喝多了
They sell candy.	他们卖糖果
He's very angry with you.	他对你非常生气
You'd better not go out.	你最好不要出门
Tom seems quiet.	汤姆看起来安静
Did you call Tom?	给汤姆打过电话了吗
How about going out for dinner?	出去吃晚餐如何
After dinner, I did my homework.	我吃完晚饭后做作业
I'd like to buy half a cake.	我想买半个蛋糕
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.	你们很容易就能看出区别
Why are you guys so angry?	你们为什么这么生气
This is the room where the author killed himself.	这就是那个作家自杀的房间
I am a college student.	我是一名大学生
I haven't eaten anything for days.	我好多天没吃东西了
It's nearly three o'clock.	将近三点了
I couldn't agree with you more.	我再同意你不过了
You didn't write anything.	你甚么也没写
Japan depends on other countries for oil.	日本的石油依靠进口
I still haven't found work.	我还没有找到工作
It's too late now.	现在太晚了
Something might have happened to her.	她可能出什么事了
I hope Tom's predictions are wrong.	我希望汤姆的预测是错的
He likes to listen to the radio.	他喜欢听收音机
Tom made some mistakes on the test.	汤姆在考试中犯了一些错误
I don't plan to stay for very long.	我没有打算停留太久
Don't leave me alone, please.	拜托
Did you play tennis yesterday morning?	你昨天上午打网球了吗
The king abused his power.	国王滥用权力
Tom has absolutely no enemies.	汤姆绝没有敌人
I agree with him.	我同意他
Did you play baseball yesterday?	你昨天打棒球了没有
This sentence is ambiguous.	此句有歧义
I could smell the alcohol on his breath.	我能闻到他呼吸中的酒精味
Why don't you be quiet?	你为什么不安静
It has always been a pleasure to work with you.	跟你共事总是很愉快
Those are their books.	这是他们的书
It's a fake.	这是一个伪造品
Remember to brush your teeth.	别忘了刷牙
He sipped the hot coffee slowly.	他慢慢地啜饮热咖啡
The crops need rain.	农作物需要雨水
The buses run every ten minutes.	公共汽车每
This problem is worth discussing.	这个问题是值得讨论的
I'm tired of living this kind of life.	我厌倦了这种生活
Boys, as a rule, are taller than girls.	一般来说
I came to Japan to see Kyoto.	我来日本看京都
She still hasn't heard this news.	她还没听到这个消息
How much longer will you stay in Boston?	你在波士顿再待多久
I'm glad that the thief was caught.	抓到小偷真是太好了
I'm surprised that you're so naive.	我很惊讶你竟然那么天真
He was standing at the door.	他站在了门口
I believe in exercising regularly.	我相信规律的运动
Now where did I put the key?	现在
Was Tom surprised?	汤姆吃惊吗
He will be busy tomorrow.	他明天会很忙
The truth is that nothing is totally true or false.	真相是没有甚么完全正确或错误
It's no big deal.	这没什么大不了的
That was easier than I thought it would be.	比我想象中的更简单
Would you like some wine?	你要酒吗
She called up her mother on the phone.	她给她妈妈打电话
It's a matter of life and death.	这是一个生和死的问题
May I see your passport?	我可以看看你的护照吗
Tom used to swim a lot when he was younger.	汤姆年轻的时候经常游泳
He may be able to come tomorrow.	他也许明天能来
I bought a book online.	我在网上买了一本书
My brother wants to study abroad.	我哥哥要出国念书
A stitch in time saves nine.	小洞及时补
Turn to the left.	向左转
Many of the user reviews on Amazon are fake.	亚马逊网站上的许多用户评论都是虚假的
He has long hair.	他有长头发
The baby has finally stopped crying.	婴儿终于不哭了
We live in the suburbs.	我们住在郊区
What did you do with that camera?	你用那台相机做了什么
Do you wish to complain?	你想抱怨吗
What do you plan to sell?	你计划卖甚么
It's not practical.	这不实用
Tom refused to help Mary do her homework.	汤姆拒绝帮玛丽做她的作业
Monopoly is a popular game for families to play.	大富翁是一个家庭玩的热门游戏
They went on an expedition to the Antarctic.	他们出发去南极探险
No one had anything left to say.	没有人有话可说
I will come earlier next time.	我下次会早点来
My father has been in good shape since his operation.	自从手术后
I want to retire soon.	我想早点退休
How do you want your hair cut?	你想将头发剪成怎样
She put her CDs in a row on the shelf.	她把她的
Tom fell into a vat of sulfuric acid.	Tom	摔倒进一桶硫酸中
Tom hasn't forgiven anybody.	汤姆没原谅过任何人
It looks like an apple.	看起来像个苹果
I don't want something like this to happen.	我不想这种事发生
Tom clapped his hands together.	汤姆拍了手
I sort of understand.	我大概懂了
This is a problem you have to solve by yourself.	这是一个你必须自己解决的问题
This is Tom's car.	这是汤姆的车
She seems rich.	她看来有钱
Tom bumped his head on the roof of the car.	汤姆把头撞到车顶了
They grow oranges in California.	他们在加利福尼亚种橙子
Rice grows in warm climates.	水稻生长在温暖的气候
I can't stand this pain any more.	我不能再承受这种痛苦
I'm on my way.	我这就上路
He is afraid of death.	他害怕死亡
It won't change anything.	这样做的话什么都不会改变的
How did you arrive at that conclusion?	你们怎么得出这个结论的
We're leaving the day after tomorrow.	我们后天出发
My father works at a factory.	我父亲在工厂工作
We are classmates.	我们是同学
I remember my mother teaching me the alphabet.	我记得我母亲教我认字
I'll lend you the book as soon as I'm done reading it.	我一把这本书读完了就借给你
Would you mind shutting the door?	请你把门关上好吗
You underestimate your charisma.	你低估了你的魅力
London is one of the largest cities in the world.	伦敦是全世界最大的城市之一
My dad used to be a miller.	我父亲以前是磨坊主
He showed me her picture.	他给我看了她的照片
When I opened the door, I broke the lock.	我开门的时候弄坏了锁
A lot of soldiers were killed here.	许多士兵在这里阵亡
Are you mad?	你生气了吗
Malaria is carried by mosquitoes.	疟疾是由蚊子传染的
That's the chair that I really like.	那是我真的很喜欢的椅子
We enjoyed singing songs together.	我们喜欢一起唱歌
He has been to London three times.	他去过伦敦三次
Where's your mom?	你妈妈呢
I put it in the drawer.	我把它放在了抽屉里
There's a car coming.	有车来了
He told us to keep quiet.	他告诉我们要保持安静
You look stupid.	你看上去很傻
I think Mary is very attractive.	我认为玛丽很有吸引力
She wants a new dress badly.	她很想要一条新的连衣裙
His low salary prevents him from buying the house.	他的低薪水让他买不了房
I think that's awful.	我看那糟透了
Don't be afraid of barking dogs.	别怕吠犬
Ten teams competed for the prize.	十支队伍竞逐奖项
I might say yes.	我可能会说是
I saw him wash the car.	我看见他洗车
I was able to answer the question.	我能回答这个问题
She's eating an apple.	她正吃著一个苹果
Tom visited Boston last year.	汤姆去年去了波士顿
You ought to get to work on time.	你应该准时上班
It's under the table.	它在桌下
Do you mind turning on the TV?	你介意打开电视吗
I am going to play tennis tomorrow.	我明天会去打网球
Take care.	照顾好自己
I'm very interested in languages.	我对语言很感兴趣
Grammar is a very complex thing.	语法是很复杂的
What are you doing?	搞什么啊
Can we go back now?	我们现在能回去吗
Tom was the only boy in the class.	汤姆是班里唯一的男生
I didn't sleep a wink last night.	我昨晚没睡
English is a universal language and is used all over the world.	英语是一种世界性的语言
We must obey the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
You've set a bad example.	你做了个坏榜样
I'm responsible for that.	我对此负有责任
He was sleeping under the tree.	他在树下睡觉
No intelligent person drinks and then drives.	没有聪明人喝了酒再开车
Would you please wait for a minute?	请你等一下好吗
I want to know why I'm here.	我想知道我为甚么在这里
She had two accidents within a year.	她一年内遇到了两次事故
He was very friendly to everybody.	他对每个人都非常友善
I bought a hat at the store.	我在这家商店买了一顶帽子
I didn't participate in the conversation.	我没有参与这个谈话
Raise your hands.	手举起来
Please attend the meeting in the second floor conference room at 2:30 p.m.	请在两点半参加在二楼会议室的会议
Hippopotamuses love water.	河马喜欢水
The professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand.	那个教授讲得太快了
I know him by name, but not by sight.	我知道他的名字
He is old enough to know better.	他已经长大该懂事了
My father likes traveling by air.	我父亲喜欢搭飞机旅行
The house stood out because of its unusual shape.	那房子因为其少有的形状被突显出来
Tom is a racist.	汤姆是种族主义者
I'm not very good at swimming.	我不擅长游泳
He started to speak English.	他开始说英语了
Tom only drinks coffee.	Tom	只喝咖啡
Where in Austria did you grow up?	你在奥地利的什么地方长大
Take good care of yourself.	照顾好你自己
Breathing was difficult.	呼吸困难
Tom comes here every now and then.	汤姆常来这里
There was no money left in my wallet.	我钱包里没钱了
We need to buy a new TV.	我们需要买新电视机
The sum of 5 and 3 is 8.	五和三的总和是八
We need one more spoon.	缺一把勺子
You owe me the truth.	你欠我一份真相
Why did you begin without me?	为什么你不等等我就开始了
Where are you going to take me?	你们要带我去哪
I've decided.	我决定了
Your parents didn't come, did they?	你的父母没来
I wasn't alone then.	我当时不孤单
My father became old.	我爸爸变老了
I had a chance to travel abroad.	我有个到国外旅游的机会
This door is locked from the inside.	这门从里面被反锁了
You're safe here with me.	你和我在这里很安全
Are you looking for work?	你是在找工作吗
Where are Tom's things?	汤姆的东西在哪里
She plays golf every weekend.	她每周末都打高尔夫球
It's too hot for us to work.	太热了所以我们无法工作
I admire him for his courage.	我佩服他的勇气
I got him to polish my shoes.	我要他擦亮我的皮鞋
The day after tomorrow is Tom's birthday.	后天是汤姆的生日
Tom was very sick.	汤姆很虚弱
This train leaves at nine o'clock.	这班火车九点钟发车
I study at school.	我在学校读书
He's not stupid.	他不是傻子
It's very easy to learn how to swim.	学游泳非常简单
He passed his property on to his son.	他把他的财产传给了他儿子
She is a pretty girl.	她是一个漂亮的女孩
How do we find it?	我们怎样才能找到它
Tom woke up when the telephone rang.	当电话铃响的时候
Being sick is very boring.	生病很无聊
Are you following me?	你在跟著我吗
He doesn't lie.	他不说谎
He has a test next week.	他下礼拜要考试
Life would be impossible without the sun.	没有太阳就没有生命
Do you still want to give me a hug?	你还想给我一个拥抱吗
I got very tired, but I felt good.	我很累
It was already very late.	天色已晚
Are we allowed to take pictures here?	这里允许拍照吗
It is your business to take care of them.	照顾他们是你自己的事儿
It's dangerous to fool around with electricity.	随便乱弄电是危险的
It's my job.	这是我份内的事
Tom and Mary's home is cluttered.	汤姆和玛丽的家很乱
Help yourself to anything you like.	喜欢什么就随便吃吧
My father insisted on our waiting for the train.	我的父亲坚持要我们等火车
I have no time for reading.	我没时间阅读
Tom found a new way to announce his news.	汤姆发现了一种宣布他新闻的新方法
I know I owe you money.	我知道我欠你钱
Is she your mother?	她是你妈妈吗
"You talk too much," he said.	“	你说得太多了
I met your father yesterday.	昨天我见到了你父亲
We sometimes see them.	我们有时会看见他们
How did you feel about that?	关于那件事你之前怎么想的
Do you want to go on a picnic with me?	你想跟我去野餐吗
Do you have any cough medicine?	你有止咳药吗
This is a great day.	真是美好的一天
Be still.	静静的
You are a student.	您是学生
He can speak five languages.	他会说五种语言
Tom said that he didn't think you should do that.	汤姆说他不认为你应该那么做
You made the same mistake as last time.	你犯了跟上次相同的错误
What's Tom so angry about?	汤姆为了甚么生气
My father lives in the country.	我父亲住在乡下
Will you take a personal check?	你收私人支票吗
I work for a shipping company.	我为一家船运公司工作
My uncle has lived in Paris for ten years.	我叔叔在巴黎住了十年
Sensing danger, he ran away.	他一嗅到风声不对
I'm good at soccer.	我擅长足球
My son is taller than I am.	我儿子比我高
Please call the fire department.	请叫消防员
I have several silver coins.	我有几枚银币
I was thinking that as well.	我也是这么想的
We let him keep the dog.	我们让他养狗
I was afraid I might be late.	我怕我可能迟到了
I am 30 years old now.	我现在
Let's get together again!	让我们再聚在一起
I'd like orange juice.	我想要橙汁
The boy is playing with his toy soldiers.	男孩在玩玩具兵
I hope I can see you soon.	我希望很快就能见到你
I think that Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.	我觉得当汤姆发现他买来的画是赝品的时候
I work too much.	我工作得太多了
I'd like you to have an ultrasound.	我想让你接受超声检查
Sorry, can I borrow it for a minute?	不好意思
I have a bath every day.	我每天洗一次澡
Would you like to have a drink before dinner?	晚饭前您想喝一杯吗
It's as cold as ice.	它冷得像冰一样
I like playing tennis and golf.	我喜欢打网球和高尔夫球
We suggest raising the fees.	我们建议提高收费
Don't you have any feelings for me at all?	你对我完全没有感觉吗
I hope the economy picks up soon.	我希望经济很快复苏起来
He had no luck in finding work.	他不幸找不到工作
A little learning is a dangerous thing.	一知半解很危险
There were risks.	有风险
I can't sleep at all.	完全睡不着
Tom said he needed money.	汤姆说他需要钱
You're just running away from life's problems.	你只会逃避生活问题
Let me come in.	让我进去
Where's your bag?	你的包在哪里
I'm getting too old for this job.	对于这份工作来说
All you have to do is say the word, and I'll leave.	你只要说句话
I ordered pizza by telephone.	我打电话订了个披萨
Write something.	写点什么
Tom cleared his throat and continued to speak.	汤姆咳嗽了一下然后接着讲
Tom should've known better.	汤姆应该更清楚
I'm sure that he'll succeed.	我相信他会成功
Any student can answer that question.	任何学生都可以回答这个问题
Do you want anything to eat?	你想吃点东西吗
I'm not greedy.	我不贪婪
Put the eggs into the boiling water.	把蛋放入沸水中
Tom is now studying in his room.	汤姆现在在他的房间里学习
Can we do it?	我们能做到吗
Don't shoot.	停火
You and I need to have a talk.	你我之间需要来场谈话
She is mad at me.	她跟我生气了
What are the origins of the Olympics?	奥林匹克的起源是什么
His voice is pleasant to listen to.	他的声音很悦耳
She kept me waiting for 30 minutes.	她让我等了半小时
Can anyone pronounce this word?	有人能发这个词的音吗
People in the United States speak English.	在美国的人说英语
I'd like to show you something.	我有东西想给你看看
I'm sorry to trouble you.	我很抱歉给你添麻烦了
I should have left earlier.	我应该要早点出发的
Can his story be true?	他的故事可能是真的吗
She owns two thousand books.	她拥有二千本书
What's the spelling of your family name?	你的姓怎么拼
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.	凡人皆有得意时
Everyone was drunk.	所有人都喝醉了
Where is the city hall?	市政府在哪里
Bring him in.	带他进来
There's someone at the door.	有人在门口
Keep it at a lower temperature.	保持在较低的温度
He is a screwball.	他是一个怪人
This is my mother.	这是我母亲
You need to let me handle this.	你要让我来解决
My parents aren't home.	我父母不在家
Please come again in three days time.	请在三天内回来
I haven't changed.	我没改变
The table was covered with dust.	桌子被灰尘覆盖
He cleansed the wound before putting on a bandage.	他先清洗了伤口
The meeting ended at 4:00 p.m.	会议于下午
No one cares what I think.	没人关心我想什么
I held my breath and waited.	我屏住了呼吸等待着
The prize won't be given to her.	奖项是不会授给她的
Only an expert can tell them apart.	只有专家能区分出它们的不同
I finished writing the letter by noon.	我中午前写完这封信了
Is she Japanese?	她是日本人吗
This conference is very important. Don't miss it.	这场会议很重要
You'd better eat something.	你最好吃点东西
Write it down before you forget it.	在你忘记之前把它写下来
Not every country belongs to the U.N.	不是所有国家都加入了联合国
He caught them stealing apples.	他抓到了他们在偷苹果
This desk is made of wood.	这张书桌是木制的
Please remember to mail the letter.	请记得把信寄出去
I'm opposed to any type of war.	我反对任何形式的战争
I've had enough.	我已经吃饱了
Do you like oranges?	你喜欢橙子吗
This decision is final.	这是最终决定
He put his hand gently on her shoulder.	他把他的手温柔地放在她的肩上
I've got to go to the bank.	我必须到银行去
Tom likes tea better than coffee.	汤姆喜欢茶胜过咖啡
Mary set the basket on the table.	玛丽把篮子放在桌子上了
It's bad manners to point at people.	用手指点别人不礼貌
He graduated from high school this spring.	今年春天他从高中毕业了
The dog barked at the mailman.	狗对著邮差叫
Please wait until the end of this month.	本月结束之前请等待
It's quarter to eight now.	现在是
I played tennis with my brother.	我和我的兄弟打网球
I don't understand its significance.	我没有领会这个意义
Where are the showers?	浴室在哪里
He's not here yet.	他还没到这里
I am fully convinced of your innocence.	我完全相信你是清白的
He thinks he knows everything.	他以为什么都知道
How do you like your eggs done?	你的蛋要怎么做
A thousand yen will do.	1000	日元足够了
You don't seem to like Tom.	你看来不喜欢汤姆
I've never heard her speak ill of others.	我从没听过她说别人坏话
The airplane made a safe landing.	这架飞机安全著陆了
Tom always speaks in such a low voice that I can barely understand what he says.	汤姆总是说话声音太小
Your room is big.	你们的房间很大
How are we going to pay for that?	我们怎么付钱
He came to Japan two years ago.	他两年前来日本
Tom hugged his father.	汤姆拥抱了他的父亲
I'm to blame for it.	这是我的错
You'd better get away from here at once.	你最好立刻离开这里
How are you? Did you have a good trip?	你怎么样
I'm on a diet.	我在节食
I got up while it was still dark.	我起来的时候天还是黑的呢
The lake is deepest at this spot.	这里是湖最深的地方
It's easy to catch a cold.	很容易感冒
Tom told them not to do that.	汤姆告诉他们不要去做那事
Tom is a lot younger than Mary is.	汤姆比玛丽年轻许多
This factory manufactures CD players.	这个工厂生产
We made good time until we ran into a blizzard.	我们路上一帆风顺
I hope everything goes well.	我希望万事如意
We have no idea what to do.	我们不知道要做甚么
This is too expensive.	这太贵了
This is considered to be a matter of great importance.	这被认为是一件大事
I handed the mike to him.	我把麦克风递给他
Let's make some more.	我们做多一点
Can you put me up tonight?	今晚可以住你家吗
It needs to be repaired.	它需要修理
Six people applied for the job, but none of them were employed.	六个人投了这份工作
Tom has a very friendly smile.	汤姆有很友好的微笑
Everyone except me was invited.	除了我
I got my friends to help me.	我请我的朋友来帮助我
Tom squeezed Mary's hand.	汤姆捏了玛丽的手
Tom acted without thinking.	汤姆不加思索地行动
That means a lot to me.	那对我来说意义重大
I don't need anything.	我不需要任何东西
Tom is hiding a terrible secret.	汤姆隐藏着一个可怕的秘密
Thank you very much for everything.	非常感谢你所做的一切
What you said isn't true.	你说的不是真的
There are no chairs in this room.	这个房间里没有椅子
She sang a Japanese song for us.	她为我们唱了一首日文歌
If you had left home a little earlier you would have been in time.	如果你早点出门的话
May I say something?	我可以说些什么吗
She's leaving the country in six months.	她半年后就要出国了
I live in a big city.	我住在一个大城市里
I must think over the matter before giving my answer.	我在回答之前必须考虑周全
He has no manners at all.	他一点礼貌也没有
Which tooth hurts?	哪颗牙痛
You should do your homework now.	你应该现在做功课
The building has 20 floors.	大楼有
Do you study English?	你学英语吗
He has dozens of English books.	他有几十本的英文书籍
He is an old friend of mine.	他是我的一位老朋友
Make it smaller.	把它弄小一点
Please send us more information.	请给我们更多讯息
No one came except Mary.	除了玛丽没有人来
How many people have you told?	你跟多少人说了
I'm a loser.	我是个不成器的人
We'll be late if we don't hurry.	再不快点就迟到了噢
We'll cook.	我们会做饭的
Tom told me he'd love to help.	汤姆告诉我他很乐意帮助
He is proud of having been educated in the United States.	他对自己在美国读过书这件事感到很骄傲
We'll leave as soon as you're ready.	你一准备好
I need to charge my cellphone.	我需要给手机充电
Africa is a continent, but Greenland isn't.	非洲是一个大陆
They are both in the room.	他们俩都在房间里
You're mine.	你是我的
Do you have a guilty conscience?	是你心里有鬼吧
Once in a while, we should take a step back and think.	有时候
Tom ran and ran, until at last he saw the telephone booth.	汤姆跑啊跑
Welcome to the club.	欢迎来到俱乐部
America likes to claim that it is a "classless" society.	美国是一个自称没有社会阶层的国家
Philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months.	哲学不是我们用六个月就能学的东西
He just got home.	他刚回到家
I don't have any enemies.	我没有敌人
He is on goods terms with all of his classmates.	他和他所有的同学相处融洽
She is only a child.	她只是个孩子
Pass me the salt, will you?	请把盐递给我
The man you met at the station is my father.	你在车站遇到的男人是我爸爸
Where's the boss?	老板在哪里
Here is a letter for you.	这是你的信
May I use this?	我可以用吗
How can you do this to me?	你怎么这样对我
Don't let him down.	别让他失望
She hired him as a programmer.	她聘请他作程式设计师
Stay out of my room.	别进我的房间
Who told you that Tom and I are dating?	谁告诉你我和汤姆在交往的
Yes, I have student ID.	是的
Listen to me, OK?	听我说
I didn't study at all yesterday.	我昨天都没读书
He turned pale with fright.	他吓得脸色发白
He climbed the stairs.	他爬上了楼梯
Do you drink beer?	你喝啤酒吗
It isn't necessary for us to attend the meeting.	我们没有必要参加会议
I sell clothing online.	我在网路上卖衣服
It's on this point that our opinions differ.	是在这点上我们的意见有分歧
How did the traffic accident happen?	车祸是怎么发生的
Tom was the last person Mary expected to see at John's party.	玛丽没料到会在约翰的聚会上见到汤姆
Pardon me for coming late.	对不起
Let me have a try.	让我试试
You can't achieve anything without effort.	没有什么是不劳而获的
That rumor soon spread.	那个谣言很快传播开来
He got hurt in the game yesterday.	他昨天在这场比赛中受了伤
It is no use arguing with him about it.	和他争论这件事得不出结果
I'd like to have this meat dish with your best white wine.	我想就着你最好的白酒吃肉
What is your name?	你叫什么名字
I am here on business.	我在这里出差
We're fighting against time.	我们在跟时间斗争
When are you going to quit smoking?	你何时要戒烟
How will we protect ourselves?	我们怎么保护自己
He told me that he was busy then.	他告诉我他那时很忙
That changed everything.	那改变了一切
She studied abroad in order to brush up her English.	她在国外学习以便提升她的英语
My pen isn't as good as yours.	我的钢笔不像你那支那么好
Is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die?	由医生来决定某人何时该死是对的吗
Tom seems nice.	汤姆看着是个好人
How many of you are there?	你们是几位
It's an easy victory.	这是一个轻松取得的胜利
I'm looking forward to seeing you again.	我期待再见到你
Don't underestimate me.	你可别低估我
We work in a factory.	我们在一个工厂工作
This is my daughter.	这是我女儿
What do you think would happen if the earth stopped spinning?	如果地球停止自传
I saw him playing baseball.	我看到他在打棒球
Everybody in the room was stunned by what happened.	屋里的每个人都被发生的事惊住了
I really should be going.	我真的该走了
She's Tom's older sister.	她是
He sometimes makes dinner for us.	他有时煮晚饭给我们吃
We want one.	我们要一个
I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.	我只是想要听听你的嗓音
That's my cat.	那是我的猫
Please come.	请来吧
The meeting will take place next Sunday.	会议将在下周日召开
When did you buy it?	你是甚么时候买的
You may answer the question.	您可以回答问题
The shower is broken.	淋浴坏了
Do you have Tom's address?	你有汤姆的住址吗
There are lots of trees in the countryside.	乡间有很多树
It looks like Tom has bought a new bicycle.	看来汤姆借了辆自行车
Are you listening?	你们在听吗
It won't cost much.	它不会太贵的
You work as hard as he did at your age.	你跟他在你这个年纪时一样努力工作
Can you give me a ride to the office on Wednesday?	周三你可以载我到办公室吗
Tom was too scared to say anything.	汤姆吓得说不出话
I need you to promise you'll do what I ask you to do.	我需要你承诺你会照我说的话去做
We have seen no one.	我们谁也没看见
Mary works as a cashier.	玛丽是个收银员
A stitch in time saves nine.	防微杜渐
We accept your challenge.	我们接受你们的挑战
Pilots communicate with the airport by radio.	飞行员用无线电与机场沟通
English is just one of over 2,700 languages in the world today.	今天
Come again next week.	下周再来
We were deeply impressed by the lecturer's eloquent speech.	演讲者精彩的演说给我们留下了深刻的印象
How many years did Tom spend in Boston?	汤姆在波士顿待了几年
Tom says he doesn't know how to swim.	汤姆说他不知道怎么游泳
He was watching TV last night.	他昨晚在看电视
Jealousy was the motive for the murder.	嫉妒是谋杀的动机
Can you give me a discount?	你能不能给我打折
Give it another go.	再试一次
Apples were served as the dessert.	苹果被当作甜点
I can't accept this gift.	我不能收这份礼
Let me give you a lift as far as the station.	让我送你到车站吧
I'm getting married to her in June.	我将在六月跟他结婚
Be careful. It's very sharp.	小心点
I need to go to work.	我得去工作了
She was ashamed of herself for her carelessness.	她为自己的粗心感到羞耻
Eat a lot of vegetables.	多吃点蔬菜
Just let Tom speak.	就让汤姆说吧
I am writing a draft of the speech.	我在写演讲的草稿
As soon as it gets dark, the fireworks will start.	天一黑
He once knew her, but they are no longer friends.	他过去认识她
He drove the truck to Dallas.	他开卡车到达拉斯
Can I see this one?	我能看看这个吗
That just doesn't make sense to me.	那只是对我来说没有意义
I'm the tallest one in the class.	我在班里是最高的
Do you like any of these pictures?	你喜欢这些画里的任何一幅吗
What's wrong with you?	你到底怎么回事嘛
A mouse is a timid creature.	老鼠是胆小的生物
She knows how to do the crawl.	她知道怎么游自由式
What do you want it for?	你要它干什么
Goodbye!	告辞
He doesn't understand me.	他不理解我
It snowed from Monday to Friday.	雪从周一下到周五
They went to America last month.	他们上个月去美国
Don't make a fool of me.	别把人家当傻瓜
Tom died recently.	汤姆最近死了
This chair has to be fixed.	这张椅子需要修理
She's sitting on the bench.	她坐在长椅上
She studied Japanese after dinner.	晚饭后她读日语
If possible, I'd like to travel around the world.	如果可能的话
Tom is afraid that someone will see him.	汤姆怕有人看到他
Do you think Tom is retired already?	你认为汤姆退休了吗
It is raining all the time.	总是在下雨
He has a good command of English.	他有很好的英语能力
In life there are ups and downs.	生活中有高低起伏
Once you have formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.	坏习惯一旦被养成
She doesn't have any enemies.	她没有敌人
I don't know a thing about her.	我对她一无所知
Did you have a good time on your trip to London?	你在伦敦玩得开心吗
Your mother must've been beautiful when she was young.	你母亲年轻的时候一定很美
Everything's changing.	一切都在变
One is Japanese and the other is Italian.	一个是日本人
Please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it.	请不要忘记寄信前要在上面贴邮票
Let's take the bus.	让我们坐公共汽车去
It's not something I'm very good at.	这不是我所擅长的事
She wrote to her parents at least once a week.	他给父母写信至少一周一次
We tried to come to a compromise with them.	我们试著和他们妥协
She handed him the key.	她递给了他钥匙
We had a great relationship.	我们的关系非常好
The dog was hit by a truck.	狗被卡车撞了
He keeps making the same mistake.	他总是犯同样的错误
It doesn't mean anything.	这什么都说明不了
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	她整齐地把她的手帕折好
My father will kill me.	我爸会杀了我的
The situation is getting worse by the day.	情况一天比一天差
I may be unsociable, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.	我或许不善于社交
The sky is light blue.	天空是浅蓝的
Are we done?	我们完成了吗
I didn't ask Tom to come here.	我没让汤姆来这里
Where's your dog?	你的狗在哪里
He left the room.	他走出了房间
So what if that's true?	那如果那是真的呢
None of my classmates live near here.	我没有一个同学住在这儿附近
Tom hasn't yet told us what he wants us to buy.	汤姆还没对我们说他希望我们买什么呢
Tom practiced in front of the mirror.	汤姆在镜子前练习
We're going to set up shelters.	我们要建立避难所
Rome wasn't built in a day.	罗马不是一天建成的
Why don't we order pizza?	为什么不订些批萨呢
I got her to clean my room.	我让她清扫了我的房间
Except for one person, everybody went home.	除了一人
She's nice to me.	她对我很和善
Where are you going to eat lunch?	你要去哪里吃午饭
I think you look like Tom.	我看你长得像汤姆
My dog slept in the bed with me.	狗跟我一起睡在床上
War may break out at any moment.	战争随时可能爆发
I can't undo it.	我不能取消它
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.	亲吻一个抽烟的人就像在舔烟灰缸
It was a nice story.	这是个挺好的故事
Do you have a cell phone?	你有手机吗
It's all Greek to me.	看起来像天书
Would you like to be my friend?	你想做我的朋友吗
Say no to drugs.	对毒品说不
My grandmother lives by herself.	我祖母独自生活
She speaks fairly quickly.	她说话相当快
Put the book on the bottom shelf.	把这本书放在架子的底部
Tom quietly opened the door and tiptoed into the room.	汤姆悄悄地打开了门
If it rains tonight, I'm not going to go out.	如果今晚下雨
Have you done it?	你做吗
I'm doing my homework.	我正在做我的作业
Tom hung the calendar on the wall.	汤姆把日历挂在墙上
The soldier gave water to me.	士兵给了我水
Water is liquid. When it freezes, it becomes solid.	水是液体
Can you describe to me the difference between black tea and green tea?	你能告诉我红茶和绿茶的区别吗
You don't need to do it right away.	你没必要马上去做
That wasn't the main reason Tom needed to do that.	这不是汤姆要做那件事的主要原因
That white building is a hospital.	那栋白色的建筑物是一家医院
He began to cry.	他开始哭了
I know whose car this is.	我知道这是谁的车
The end justifies the means.	为了正当目的可以不择手段
I don't have a good feeling about this.	我觉得这没什么好
What do you do?	你的职业是什么
You can't go outside.	你不能到外面去
Drop the knife!	把刀放下
My father does not eat much fruit.	我父亲没有吃很多的水果
Don't ask me anything.	什么都别问我
My father grew old.	我父亲变老了
I don't know when he will come.	我不知道他什么时候会来
Tom hurried so he wouldn't miss the train.	汤姆加紧步伐以赶上火车
Perseverance, as you know, is the key to success.	就像你们知道的那样
This novel is too difficult for me to read.	这本小说对我来说太难读了
He advised her to stop drinking.	他建议她戒酒
I think this book is easy.	我觉得这本书很简单
This fish is not edible.	这条鱼不能吃了
The traffic accident deprived him of his sight.	这场交通意外让他失明了
I hope I can do that before I die.	我希望我能在死前做一次
Is it true Tom can't read or write?	汤姆真的不会读也不会写吗
Who were you talking to?	你跟谁说话呢
Do you know whose this is?	这是谁的你知道吗
I always study hard.	我总是用功读书
He came to my house on the pretext of seeing me.	他打着见我的幌子来了我家
That won't ever happen.	那从不会发生
Tom has started studying karate.	汤姆已经开始学习空手道了
Give me a glass of water, please.	请你给我一杯水
Do you know where to find Tom?	你知道去哪找汤姆吗
Tom told the cops everything.	汤姆全都告诉了条子
Would you please wait for a few minutes?	请您等几分钟好吗
That was a month ago.	那是一个月前了
Let's take turns rowing the boat.	让我们轮流划船
Don't forget to take a camera with you.	别忘了带个相机
She married again in her mid-forties.	她在四十多岁的时候再次结婚
For me, this isn't a problem.	对我来说这就不是个问题
I was planning on going to the beach today, but then it started to rain.	我本来预备今天去海滩的
Is it already Monday?	已经周一了
Tom is really special.	汤姆真的很特别
They went to Tottori.	他们去了鸟取
I want to ask him for his phone number.	我想问他的电话号码是多少
Which is larger, Tokyo or Kobe?	哪一个比较大
None of this makes any sense.	这里头没有一件事说得通
Who's the smartest kid in your class?	你班里最聪明的小孩是谁
He dug a hole.	他挖了一个洞
Tom came up with an answer to our problem.	汤姆给我们的问题想出了个答案
You'll get used to this in three or four weeks.	你在三或四周内就会习惯
I lived abroad for ten years.	我住在国外十年了
I thought that Tom would enjoy the party.	我以为汤姆会喜欢这个聚会
He lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.	他住在东京郊区
Where is the vodka?	伏特加在哪里
It's almost time to go to bed.	差不多是就寝的时间了
Tom wasn't smiling when he entered the room.	汤姆进房间时没有微笑
I didn't tell them.	我没告诉他们
He is always giving presents to his wife.	他一直会给他妻子送礼物
I was born in the winter.	我在冬天出生
Could you say that in plain English?	你会说简单的英语吗
Tom knew when Mary would be arriving.	汤姆知道玛丽什么时候来
He did it for money.	他做这个是为了钱
He backed his car into the garage.	他倒车入车库
I can't study with you watching me.	你盯著我看使我无法读书
Tom has a pretty big mouth.	汤姆是一个大嘴巴
Traffic was blocked by a landslide.	交通被山崩所阻断
You can call me anytime you like.	你喜欢什么时候打给我就什么时候打
He shot an arrow at the deer.	他射了鹿一箭
She is interested in learning new ideas.	她有兴趣学习新的想法
I helped him yesterday.	昨天我帮了他
They moved here three years ago.	他们三年前搬到了这里
I don't like to swim in the pool.	我不喜欢在泳池里游泳
I had my teeth examined at the dentist's.	我在牙医那儿检查了牙齿
I guess it depends on the weather.	我想这取决于天气
I played tennis for the first time yesterday.	昨天我第一次打了网球
Let's go home.	让我们回家吧
As soon as he saw me, he ran away.	他一看见我
Tom couldn't swim.	汤姆不会游泳
Tom explained it to Mary very carefully.	汤姆仔细地给玛丽解释
It's freezing.	天气好冷
I wonder if this is love.	我不知道这是不是爱
The trees are beginning to bud.	树木开始抽芽
Don't think about it now.	现在别想这事
He may come tomorrow afternoon.	他明天下午可能会来
Let's get our photograph taken.	让我们来拍照吧
Tom's new girlfriend is a vegetarian.	汤姆新的女朋友是素食主义者
Can I have a few words with you?	可不可以和你说几句
I'm a good person.	我是一个好人
The party ended at ten o'clock.	派对在十点钟结束
Could you please do me a favor?	可否劳驾你帮我个忙
What do you usually do with your friends?	你一般和朋友一起做什么
We knew it all along.	我们一开始就知道
It's very hot today, isn't it?	今天非常热
A foreign language can't be mastered in a year or so.	一个外国语言无法在一年左右就被掌握
My plans failed one after another.	我的计划一个接一个的失败了
Does Tom know that you work here?	汤姆知道你在这里工作吗
I hope to retire from work when I'm 60 years old.	我希望在六十岁时退休
Nothing is worse than war.	没有什么比战争更糟的了
The children washed their feet.	孩子们洗了他们的脚
Spring is the best season to visit Kyoto.	春天是访问京都最好的季节
This dictionary has about 40,000 entries.	这本字典包含了约
Once he had written the letter, he sent it.	信一写好
I tried to listen to him carefully.	我试著仔细地听他说话
Tom did the best he could, but he wasn't able to get a higher grade than Mary.	汤姆尽了全力
It was a terrible day.	这是糟糕的一天
We'll fly there in 50 minutes.	50	分钟之内我们将飞到那里
Tom was a nurse.	汤姆是个护士
This is the nicest present I've ever received.	这是我得到过的最好的礼物
You're the one who suggested that we do that together.	你是那个建议我们一起做那件事的人
There is only one bath towel.	只有一条浴巾
He had his car stolen last night.	昨晚他的车被偷了
Is the bank open?	银行开著吗
I can't go with you because I'm very busy.	我不能和你们一起去
Did you notice anything strange?	你注意到奇怪的地方了吗
Please give me a glass of water.	请给我一杯水
The bridge is being repainted.	这座桥正被重新油漆
Does he have any brothers?	他有任何的兄弟吗
I don't think we've been introduced.	我们之前没有见过吧
I like my coffee without sugar.	我喜欢喝咖啡不加糖
What's your favorite season of the year?	一年之中
Tom is the only one who has a camera.	汤姆是唯一一个有相机的人
She is progressing in Chinese.	她中文有进步
We're eating bread.	我们在吃面包
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston.	汤姆不想住在波士顿
Deal with them.	解决他们
My father can swim, but my mother can't.	我父亲会游泳但我母亲不会
I wonder what the weather will be tomorrow.	不知道明天天气会怎么样呢
What was the situation in Boston?	波斯顿那时的情况如何
My mother looked at me with tears in her eyes.	我妈妈眼含着泪看我
Prince William is second in line to the English throne.	威廉王子是英国王位第二顺位继承人
Taiwanese food is milder than Indian food.	台湾菜比印度菜口味淡
Look at my new car.	看看我的新车
May I ask you to call me back later?	你等一会然后再给我打电话
Why should I care what you think?	为什么我应该在乎你怎么想
You're very brave, aren't you?	你很勇敢
The tie doesn't go with my suit.	领带和我的西装不配
It's very important to get enough rest.	充足的休息十分重要
I'm clearly missing something here.	我确实在这里丢了东西
His mother looks young for her age.	他妈妈看起来比实际年龄年轻
When we are told not to come, we become all the more eager to go.	让我们别来
My mother is writing a letter now.	我母亲现在正在写一封信
Have you seen my glasses anywhere?	你曾在哪里看到过我的眼镜吗
I looked, but I didn't see anything.	我看过了
That shouldn't be hard for you.	那对你来说应该不难
You should have come earlier.	你本应该来得更早的
I can't find my wallet.	我找不到我的钱包了
My camera doesn't need to be fixed.	我的照相机不需要修理
He took a walk before breakfast.	他在早餐之前散步
His memory never ceases to astonish me.	他的记忆力总让我吃惊
Is the snake alive or dead?	这条蛇是活的还是死的
We're not in Boston.	我们不在波士顿
Accuracy is important in arithmetic.	准确性在计算中很重要
You don't seem to be as afraid as Tom seems to be.	你似乎并不像汤姆看起来那样害怕
Swimming is good for your health.	游泳对你的健康很好
I want to visit Korea.	我想访问韩国
Tom has no idea why his wife left him.	汤姆根本不明白为甚么他的妻子离开了他
This is a test.	这是一个测试
In this case, the adjective goes before the noun.	在这种情况下
He was a man of great ambition.	他是个很有野心的人
My opinion is similar to yours.	我的观点和你的类似
We've had a most delightful day.	我们过了最愉快的一天
The bus stopped, but no one got out.	巴士虽然停了
I want to drive.	我想开车
I can't lend you any money.	我不能借你任何钱
Is it true that Tom can't read or write?	汤姆真的不会读也不会写吗
Don't come into my room.	不要进入我的房间
Arrangements have already been made.	已经安排好了
The sheet is on the bed.	床单在床上
I've got everything that you want.	我已经得到了一切你想要的东西
He acted as my guide.	他担任我的向导
How soon do you need it?	你多久后需要它
He got tired of reading.	他厌倦了读书
What time shall I pick you up?	我该几点去接你
I was very careful.	我非常小心了
She has many friends in the United States.	她有很多美国朋友
How far away are we?	我们有多远了
Tom, you'd better stay here.	汤姆
I wonder if a third world war will break out.	不知道第三次世界大战会不会爆发
How did you come to know this?	你为什么会知道
Tom died in an accident.	汤姆在一场意外中丧生
He went to the store.	他去了商店
Try to avoid overdoing it.	避免太夸张
He is hard to get along with.	他这个人很难相处
I was afraid I'd be late.	我怕我会迟到
Banks open at nine o'clock.	银行九点开门
Let's begin on page 30.	让我们从第
She's not yet heard the news.	她还没听到这个消息
You need a large vocabulary to read that book.	你读那本书需要大量词汇
I don't like your smile.	我不喜欢你的微笑
There are some books on the desk.	书桌上有几本书
Do you believe there are ghosts?	你相信鬼存在吗
We must make a new start.	我们必须重新开始
He died soon after the accident.	他在事故后不久就去世了
Don't bother calling security.	别麻烦保安了
I'm not a university student, but I'm brighter than them.	我不是一个大学生
Tom came and sat down next to Mary.	汤姆来了
He has a large farm in Colorado.	他在科罗拉多州有一个大农场
Will you marry me?	你愿意嫁给我吗
She had an appointment with the doctor.	她跟医生预约看诊了
We must finish everything before Tuesday morning.	我们必须在周二早上之前完成所有事情
Why did you want to become a teacher?	你为何想当一个老师
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me.	我知道有人认识我的可能性微乎其微
Actually, it was pretty boring.	实际上
Is it OK if I hold your hand?	我可以牵着你的手吗
That's an interesting idea.	那是个有趣的主意
He's crazy about soccer.	他酷爱足球
She is qualified as a nurse.	她是个合格的护士
You idiot!	蠢货
I feel relieved.	我感觉轻松了
I have two sons.	我有两个儿子
You'll soon get used to Japanese food.	你很快就会习惯吃日本料理了
Tom gave Mary a kiss on both cheeks.	汤姆亲吻了玛丽的两颊
He cannot have done such a thing.	他不可能做那种事
Please tell me everything's OK.	请告诉我一切都好
How about playing chess tonight?	今晚下棋怎么样
Shut the door.	请关门
Do you still want to talk to me?	你还想跟我谈吗
I don't think it's a good decision.	我不认为这是一个好的决定
I have to go to bed.	我该去睡觉了
He cut down a tree in his garden.	他在花园里砍了一棵树
What's my room number?	我的房间号是多少
Cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase.	癌症如果在第一阶段被发现的话是很容易治愈的
Which one is easier?	哪一个最简单
I want to do more.	我想做更多
This should be easy.	这个应该很简单
I saw you driving your new car.	我看到你开著你的新车
Tom seems really happy.	汤姆看起来非常开心
Did you see the rainbow this morning?	你见到今天早上的彩虹了吗
The next one's for you.	下一个给你
I'd like to live in New York.	我想住在纽约
I've already eaten dinner.	我已经吃晚饭了
Would you please autograph this book?	请您在这本书上签名好吗
Nobody encouraged him.	没有人鼓励他
Sport knows no borders.	体育无国界
I'm sorry to trouble you.	我很抱歉打扰你了
Don't let me down.	别让我失望
I don't want any more.	我不想要了
The picture looks better at a distance.	这幅画远看更好
It's possible that you don't know this.	你有可能不知道这事
My major is linguistics.	我的主修是语言学
You swim better than me.	你游泳游得比我好
Can I stay here with you?	我可以和你一起呆在这里吗
Good job!	干的好
Let's play tennis after school.	让我们放学后打网球
I take a bath every day.	我每天洗一次澡
He studies contemporary literature.	他学习现代文学
It's a crying shame that they weren't insured against fire.	这简直是太可惜了
The animals died one after another.	动物一个接一个的死亡
Tom has admitted that he was there that night.	汤姆承认他那晚是在那里
The car broke down.	汽车发生故障了
Our flight was canceled.	我们的航班被取消了
We should break up.	我们分手吧
He asked me to speak more slowly.	他要求我讲慢一点
What are you learning at school?	你在学校学些什么呀
She stabbed him in the back.	她在他的背上戳了一下
We hardly have time to eat breakfast.	我们几乎没空吃早饭
When do you eat turkey?	你什么时候吃火鸡
I bought a new sewing machine.	我买了一台新的缝纫机
We promise you that we'll never do it again.	我们保证我们不会再做了
As a matter of fact, I haven't eaten anything since this morning.	事实上
Many TV programs have a bad influence on children.	许多电视节目对儿童有不良的影响
I arrived here yesterday.	我昨天到这里的
I couldn't enter because the door was closed.	我因为门关著进不去
A slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician.	有时候口误对政治家来说是致命的
What's the meaning of this phrase?	这个片语是什么意思
I'm not very good at drawing.	我不擅长画画
Tom began to speak.	汤姆开始说话
I live in this area.	我住在这区
I'm eating rice now.	我现在正在吃米饭
How long does it take to get to the station?	去火车站要多久
Read as much as possible.	尽可能地多阅读书籍
Could you come to tomorrow's meeting?	你能来参加明天的会议吗
They closed their eyes.	他们闭上眼睛
Tom would accept.	汤姆会接受
I didn't know that he was there.	我不知道他在那里
I'm incredibly tired.	我累死了
We also went to the temple.	我们也去了庙里
A laptop is better than a desktop.	笔记本电脑比台式电脑好
There is a hole in your sock.	你的袜子上有个洞
These cardboard boxes are a hundred per cent recyclable.	这些纸板盒是百分之百可回收的
A year has passed, but it's as if we saw each other only yesterday.	一年过去了
I think that I drank too much.	我想我喝得太多了
I have to say no.	我必须拒绝
A doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me.	一位医生告诉过我
He seldom comes to see me.	他很少来看我
This table is clean.	这张桌子是干净的
I get what you're saying.	我理解你说的话
I paid five dollars for the book.	我花了五元买这本书
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be sick.	玛丽不是真病
Don't add too much salt.	别放太多盐
How about a drink after the game?	比赛结束后喝一杯怎么样
Somebody has stolen my suitcase.	有人偷了我的行李
Let me make you some tea.	我来给你沏茶
She went on working.	她继续工作
She plays the piano every day.	她每天都弹钢琴
I will try it again.	我会再试一次
Tom's life was changed forever.	汤姆的生活被彻底改变了
He likes math, but I don't.	他喜欢数学
She finished reading the letter.	她看完信了
He is good at baseball.	他垒球打得很好
I asked him point-blank.	我直接地问了他
He got engaged to my cousin.	他和我的堂姊妹订婚了
My aunt made me a new skirt.	我婶婶做了一条新裙子给我
He sent me a birthday card.	他寄给我一张生日贺卡
I'm not the least bit scared of you.	我一点都不怕你
We've been watching you.	我们在看着你
Tom is looking for a good job.	汤姆在找工作
He replied that he did not know.	他回答说他不知道
Reading a book can be compared to a journey.	阅读一本书可以比作一次旅行
Small businesses will have to tighten their belts to survive.	中小企业要勒紧裤带才能存活
Tom finally stopped.	汤姆终于停了
I have to hurry!	我要赶紧了
I couldn't prevent Tom from eating all the cookies.	我阻止不了汤姆吃光饼干
Wild animals live in the forest.	野生动物住在森林里
We have to get through this.	我们要了结此事
Are you mad?	您生气了吗
I won't do it again.	不会再有下次了
I owe it you that I am still alive.	多亏了你
I go to bed late at night.	我晚上很晚就寝
She had the nerve to speak out.	她有胆量说出来
Who is that woman holding the flowers?	那个拿着花的女人是谁
I don't know her.	我不认识她
She was out when I called.	我给她打电话的时候她不在
I had a vision.	我有一个设想
Bring the key.	带钥匙来
Nothing is going his way.	什么都没按他的路子走
I found it best to say nothing about the matter.	我觉得什么都不说是最好的
I know Tom.	我认识汤姆
I was having a bath when the telephone rang.	在我洗澡的时候
How much does this watch cost?	这只表多少钱
"I'll do it tomorrow." "You said that yesterday!"	“	我明天再做
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.	我们去不去那儿由你来决定
I want to die.	我想死
She doesn't have a driver's license.	她没有驾照
Do you know how to recover a deleted file?	你知道怎么恢复已删除的文件吗
Suddenly, everything fell silent.	突然间
I am staying with my uncle in Tokyo.	我待在东京的叔叔家
We were just about to enter the room.	我们正要进房间
You should bring your passport to the bank.	你应该带护照去银行
All our efforts were in vain.	我们所有的努力都白费了
He was alone there.	他独自在那里
Tom is a good friend of Mary's.	汤姆是玛丽的一个好朋友
They announced that a storm was coming.	他们宣布了暴风雨即将来临
The leader governed his country for more than 50 years.	这位领导人统治了他的国家五十年
My older brother is a teacher.	我哥哥是一名教师
She studies mathematics.	她学习数学
The girl greeted me with a smile.	这个女孩面带微笑向我打招呼
Say which you would like.	说你想要哪个
You'd better tell us what's going on.	你最好告诉我们发生了什么
Have a good flight.	飞行愉快
I wonder who has come.	我想知道谁来了
Don't blame the tour guide.	不要怪导游
He's sharp-witted.	他脑子很灵光
I'm sure that this is a fresh water fish.	我肯定这是淡水鱼
Love your neighbors.	与邻居相亲相爱
Astronomy deals with the stars and planets.	天文学涉及恒星和行星
Tom just got back from Australia.	汤姆刚从澳大利亚回来
I like swimming, but I don't like to swim here.	我喜欢游泳
I know your son.	我认识你儿子
If you're busy, I'll help you.	如果你忙
I'd like to get some sleep.	我想睡点觉
I won't say it again.	我不会再说了
Tom puts gas in his car twice a week.	汤姆每周帮车子加两次油
Can you see that small house?	你们能看到那个小房子吗
Will Tom really do that?	汤姆真要做吗
We'll die sooner or later.	我们早晚要死
How about going out tonight?	今晚出去怎么样
Start at the beginning.	从头开始
He's about the same age as you.	他跟您年纪差不多
I'll call you tomorrow.	明天我给你打电话
He passed the entrance examination.	他通过了入学考试
To be always honest is not easy.	要一直诚实是不容易的
Is everybody ready?	所有人都准备好了吗
I arrived at the station on time.	我准时到达了车站
I'm eating rice.	我在吃米饭
He ran away with the money.	他携款潜逃
I was caught in a shower and got drenched to the skin.	我遇上了阵雨被淋得全身湿透
This doesn't concern you.	这不是你的事
I had a really bad nightmare last night.	昨晚我做了一个可怕的噩梦
This is the cutest puppy I've ever seen.	这是我见过最可爱的小狗
It is no use asking him again.	再问他也没用
She gave me whatever help I needed.	她给了我任何我需要的帮助
I am dead tired.	困死了
I'm the one who has to do this.	我是必须去做这事的人
There is a strike.	有罢工
Do you know whether or not it'll rain tomorrow?	您是否知道
Nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner.	没有人明白为什么大象突然攻击了它的主人
He was wounded in the shoulder.	他伤了肩膀
This bus will take you to the airport.	这辆公交车能载你去机场
My grandfather is a carpenter.	我爷爷是个木匠
Have a safe trip.	祝你一路平安
Keep looking.	继续看
There used to be a lot of frogs in this pond.	以前在这个池塘里有许多青蛙
He wants to pay off his loan.	他想还清贷款
He always gets bullied at school.	他在学校老是被人欺负
Can you lend me some money?	你可以借我一些钱吗
Your dog is very big.	你的狗非常胖
She was absorbed in the video.	她迷上了视频
Only 3 out of the 98 passengers survived.	98	名乘客只有
There was a car accident yesterday.	昨天发生了一场车祸
We ran after the cat.	我们追著猫
She gave him a watch.	她给了他一块表
Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates, and then ate all the chocolates himself.	汤姆给了玛丽一盒巧克力
I'm not interested.	我不感兴趣
I couldn't answer all the questions.	我无法回答所有问题
I don't remember anything about the incident.	我不记得事故的情况
She must have taken the wrong bus.	她一定是搭错了公车
Peace talks will begin next week.	和平会谈将在下周开始
I want to see this movie.	我想看这部电影
I have to find a part-time job.	我必须找一份兼职工作
I don't want to go alone.	我不想独自前往
She found a ball in the garden.	她在花园里发现了一颗球
I like short poems.	我喜欢短诗
There's nothing I like more than swimming.	没有什么比游泳更让我开心
You shouldn't talk back to your parents like that.	你不应该对你父母那样顶嘴
He managed to get home before dark.	他设法在天黑前回家
He greeted the lady.	他向那位女士问好
I don't want to take such a risk.	我不想承担这样一个风险
You look just like your big brother.	你和你哥哥长得一模一样
Tom is spending more and more time in Boston.	汤姆在波士顿待得越来越久
Tom yawned.	汤姆打哈欠了
I will wait here till he comes.	我会在这里等直到他来
Most students come to school on foot.	大多数学生步行去学校
Can we speak in the hall?	我们能在走廊里说话吗
They seem to have had a good time in Rome.	他们看来在罗马过了些好日子
I'm looking for a room for rent.	我在找一间出租的房间
You must clear the table.	你必须把桌子清理干净
The library is one of my favorite places.	图书馆是我最喜欢去的地方之一
I'm very happy.	我很幸福
Have you tried the rice?	你尝过米饭了吗
Tom said that Mary likes driving.	汤姆说玛丽喜欢驾车
Which book is yours?	哪本书是您的
His office is very close to mine.	他的办公室跟我的非常近
This road will take you to the museum.	这条路会引你去博物馆
Her mother always accompanies her.	她母亲一直陪着她
The police officers arrested the burglar.	警察拘捕了这个窃贼
I am familiar with this neighborhood.	我对这附近很熟悉
Your nose is bleeding.	您流鼻血了
I'm super hungry.	我肚子饿极了
I hope this is the right one.	我希望这是对的
Sheep provide us with wool.	绵羊提供我们羊毛
Can I have a bit more milk?	我可以多来点牛奶吗
I've always wanted to meet you.	我一直想见你
Not everyone can afford a car.	每个人都买不起车
You work too hard.	你工作太努力了
What a pity!	太可惜了
Tom apologized to Mary for his rudeness.	汤姆为他的粗鲁向玛丽道歉
She gave her father a tie.	她给了她父亲一条领带
Liars must have a good memory.	骗子们必须有好记性
I found your letter in the mailbox.	我在信箱中发现了你的信件
We can't talk here.	我们不能在这里谈
Playing cards is a popular pastime.	打牌是一种流行的消遣方式
In that case, I'll change my mind.	这样的话
I want to talk to your boss.	我想跟你老板谈
Tom didn't buy a new car yesterday, did he?	汤姆昨天没有买新车吧
He doesn't believe in God.	他不信神
He likes jazz and so do I.	他喜欢爵士乐
Where's the hammer?	锤子在哪里
So far, so good.	迄今
You owe me thirty bucks.	你欠我三十美元
Best wishes from all of us.	我们所有人都祝福你
I promise that I'll do it.	我保证我会做的
He attributed his success to good luck.	他把他的成功归功于好运
I noticed Tom was smiling.	我注意到汤姆在笑
You run.	你跑
The cat prefers fish to meat.	猫喜欢鱼多过肉
The paint was coming off the wall.	油漆从墙上脱落
She likes music very much.	她非常喜欢音乐
All I want to do is go fishing.	我唯一想做的是去钓鱼
She is upset.	她心情不好
I've been here many times before.	我以前来过很多次了
Who's your favorite character in this book?	你最喜欢这本书中的哪个角色
My shoes are bigger than yours.	我的鞋比你的大
I know it's time to go, but I want to stay longer.	我知道该走了
The law is quite clear.	法律很清楚
Prices are double what they were two years ago.	价格是两年前的两倍
Examine this.	调查下这个
He wrote a letter yesterday.	昨天他写好了信
Could I have a subway map, please?	给我一张地下铁的路线图好吗
Tom is quite drunk now.	汤姆现在醉醺醺的了
Tom knows the difference.	汤姆知道不同之处
I thought he was my brother.	我以为他是我弟弟
I felt an impulse to cry out loud.	我突然好想大叫
Do you have a driver's license?	你有驾驶执照吗
Thanks for stopping by.	感谢您的光临
The thief ran away.	小偷跑了
Can I park my car here?	我能把我的车停在这儿吗
We should stop seeing each other.	我们应该停止见面
What are you guys going to do?	你们这些家伙想去干什么
It was her little sister that broke her toy.	她的玩具是被她妹妹弄坏的
He failed to answer the letter.	他没有回信
There has been no rain here for the past two weeks.	这里已经两周没下雨了
Tom would never have let us go if Mary hadn't gone with us.	如果我们不带上玛丽
You don't have to talk so loud.	你不必这么大声说话
It's a really good school.	真是个好学校
Something's really weird here.	这里有些事真怪
I know what you're doing.	我知道你在做什么
I knew you'd find Tom.	我知道你会找到汤姆
I was a student at that time.	我当时是学生
The most logical place to keep your shoes is near the door.	最合逻辑的放鞋处是门口附近
Don't you remember what you said?	自己说过的话都不记得了吗
Tom is extremely romantic.	汤姆非常的浪漫
Grab Tom.	抓住汤姆
He and I were inseparable friends during our time together in school.	我和他在学生时代是分不开的朋友
I paid ten dollars for this cap.	我付了十美元买这顶帽子
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.	为了参加划船比赛
Have you had your eyesight checked recently?	你最近检查视力了吗
Tom has an old car.	汤姆有辆旧车
They're children.	他们是孩子
All people are created equal.	人人生来平等
I ate lunch in a hurry.	我匆忙地吃了午饭
Last month our twenty-year-old daughter gave birth to a baby girl.	上个月
I'm proud of my son.	我为我儿子感到骄傲
He returned from abroad yesterday.	他昨天从国外回来
She doesn't know how to play golf.	她不知道怎么打高尔夫球
Tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns.	海啸席卷稻田
My grandfather is fond of taking a walk early in the morning.	我的爷爷喜欢大清早的散步
I'm married.	我结婚了
Tom translated a letter from French to English for his boss.	汤姆为他的老板把一封信从法语翻译成了英语
I sure hope this is a dream.	我当然希望这是一个梦
Tom said he's glad Mary has finally graduated.	汤姆说他很高兴玛丽毕业了
Tom doesn't know why Mary left.	汤姆不知道为什么玛丽走了
I'd like to see you tomorrow.	明天我想见你
Let me buy you another one.	我给你再买一个吧
I like to run.	我喜欢跑步
I will badly miss you if you leave Japan.	如果你离开日本
I asked him to help me.	我请他帮我
Do you want a glass of soda?	你想来杯汽水吗
Bring me the dictionary.	把那本词典递给我
Write your name and address on this envelope.	把你的姓名和地址写在这个信封上
What does this pen cost?	这支笔多少钱
She lives in a two-story house.	她住在一栋两层楼的房子
I'm glad I could help.	能够出一份力太好了
I don't love her, not even if she loves me.	即使她爱我
At what age did you have your first girlfriend?	你几岁交了第一个女朋友
After a storm comes a calm.	暴风过后是宁静
Tom said that Mary snored.	汤姆说玛丽打鼾
Are you a wizard?	你是个术士吗
The audience was deeply affected.	观众深受感动
I'm going to lose.	我要输了
She used to visit me regularly.	她以前定期来看我
What do you think of Japan's economy?	您怎样看日本的经济呢
He sometimes goes to Tokyo on business.	他时不时地因为工作去东京
Who built it?	这是谁建的
This dog eats almost anything.	这只狗几乎吃任何东西
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.	昨天的董事会会议是一个大成功
I want to stay here longer.	我想在这里再待一会
It's 3:30.	3	点半了
The eggs are in the basket.	鸡蛋在篮子里
There were many people at the concert.	演唱会上有许多人
I'm Tom's assistant.	我是汤姆的助手
We must not laugh at the poor.	我们不能嘲笑穷人
I saw him crossing the road.	我看见他穿过了马路
Tom became a hero.	汤姆成了英雄
She introduced me to her father.	她把我介绍给她父亲
Tom wants to know what we're doing here.	汤姆想知道我们在这里做甚么
He prays several times a day.	他每天祈祷好几次
That isn't altogether false.	那不全是错的
I know that you're learning French at school.	我知道你在学校学法语
Tom hit a triple.	汤姆击出三垒安打
Are they all the same?	他们都是一样的吗
Are you staying at this hotel?	你住在这家旅馆吗
What a pain!	烦死人
Don't do this to me again.	别再对我做这事了
Do you want some company?	你想要伙伴吗
Which book is yours?	哪本是您的书
How much does this pen cost?	这支钢笔要多少钱
This isn't a joking matter.	这不是一件开玩笑的事
The taxi picked up two passengers.	这辆计程车载了两名乘客
It's absolutely impossible for me to go on like this.	让我像这样继续下去是绝对不可能的
Tom is living in Boston now.	汤姆现在住在波士顿
I need a pencil. Can I use one of yours?	我需要一支铅笔
I never thought it would come to this.	我从没想过它会变成这样
There was some chewing gum stuck to the sole of Tom's shoe.	汤姆的鞋底粘了口香糖
I will pick you up around six.	我会在六点钟左右接你
My mom gets out of bed before me.	我妈妈比我早起
Who did you give it to?	你把它给谁了
It's not hard to understand.	不难理解
My father died of a subarachnoid hemorrhage when I was fourteen.	我十四岁的时候
You two should get married.	你们两个应该结婚
I had no choice but to stay in bed all day.	我不得不一整天都待在床上
Do you have any brothers?	你有兄弟吗
I lost face.	我丢脸了
I will gladly help you.	我会很乐意帮助你
I really enjoyed myself tonight.	今晚我玩得很开心
I think he is something of a poet.	我觉得他有几分像个诗人
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.	一个大写字母被使用在一个句子的开头
He is two inches taller than I am.	他比我高两寸
I'm a little tired.	我有点累
Are you my father?	你是我爸吗
I like beans.	我喜欢豆子
A beautiful lake lay just beyond the forest.	森林外有一个美丽的湖泊
English has now become the common language of several nations in the world.	英语现已成为世界上许多国家的通用语言了
I took my shoes off and put them under the bed.	我把鞋脱了
Will the police come?	警察会来吗
My sister has a nice piano.	我妹妹有架漂亮的钢琴
No one is calling you a thief.	没人叫你小偷
Could I use your phone?	我能用你的电话吗
Tom runs very fast.	汤姆跑得快
She suggested to me that I call off the meeting.	她建议我取消会议
I cannot find fault with him.	我挑不出他的毛病
Could you please not smoke in this room?	请问你能不在房间里吸烟吗
Somebody must care for the patient.	一定要有人照顾病人
Do you often have fish for dinner?	你常常晚餐吃鱼吗
How much did you pay?	您付了多少钱
Is Tom swimming?	汤姆在游泳吗
I might be a few minutes late.	我可能要迟到几分钟
He was my student. Now he teaches my children.	他曾是我的学生
I hope you have a good trip.	祝你旅途愉快
In addition to English, he speaks German.	除了英文
Are you finished?	你结束了吗
The boy came running into the room.	小男孩跑进了房间
Have you ever tried scuba diving?	你曾试过用水肺潜水吗
Who's to blame?	是谁的错呢
My New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the ocarina.	我新年的愿望是学会吹奥卡利纳埙
The river's on the other side of the hill.	河在山丘的另一端
You're quite forgetful.	你很健忘
The bus was filled to capacity.	这辆公车客满了
Had I known about it, I would have told you.	如果我知道的话
Please stay here till I get back.	请待在这里直到我回来
It's a quarter to three.	现在是两点四十五分
I don't know if I have time to do it.	我不知道我是否有时间做
They don't need a reason.	他们不需要理由
She has three brothers.	她有三个兄弟
You've got something in your teeth.	牙齿卡了点东西
Come and see me at eleven o'clock.	您十一点时来看我吧
Tom is as tall as his father.	汤姆跟他爸爸一样高
I'm glad you came today.	我很高兴你今天来了
She had already gone to bed when I called her at 11 p.m.	23	点我打电话给她的时候
Can you give me some money?	你能给我一些钱吗
She helped me pack my suitcase.	她帮我打包我的手提箱
We need you to tell us why you were absent all last week.	我们要你告诉我们你为什么整个上周都缺勤
They were afraid of the big dog.	他们怕这只大狗
Got it?	你懂了吗
This makes us stronger.	这使我们更强大
Tom will never do it again.	汤姆再也不做了
Do as I say.	按我说的做
I wish we could spend more time together.	我希望我们有更多时间呆在一起
I don't know. What do you think?	我不知道
I didn't even consider that.	我甚至没考虑过
I think it's better not to try it.	我觉得最好别试
We have issues we have to deal with.	我们有我们必须解决的问题
Mind your manners.	规矩点
Admission is $3.00 at the door.	入场费是
I was kept waiting for nearly half an hour.	我等了接近半小时
You can see a lot of stars in the sky.	你能看到天空中的繁星
That was the first time I'd seen Tom so angry.	那是我第一次见到汤姆如此生气
Please pass me the salt.	请把盐递给我
She's good at tennis.	她擅长打网球
Don't be a penny-pincher.	别当守财奴
The students are all at their desks now.	学生们现在都坐在桌前
I don't know what to say.	我不知道说什么
My car is at your disposal.	你可以随便用我的车
That's an imitation.	那是一个仿造品
How do you feel?	你感觉如何
I wish I'd married another man.	我要是嫁给别人就好了
We're Canadians.	我们是加拿大人
I'm not used to speaking in public.	我不习惯在公众场合说话
Can you walk?	你们能走吗
The girl was afraid to jump down from the roof.	小女孩害怕从屋顶上跳下来
Good evening.	晚上好
We suspected him of lying.	我们怀疑他说谎了
I have no idea of what to do.	我不知道该怎么办
He looks older than my brother.	他看起来年纪比我的兄弟大
Tom has a girlfriend in Boston.	Tom	有个在波士顿的女友
Tom isn't used to walking barefooted.	汤姆不习惯光着脚漫步
She refused my offer to help her.	她拒绝让我帮助她
Learning how to swim is very simple.	学游泳非常简单
Tom doesn't want to let Mary go.	Tom	不想让
Would you like tea or coffee?	您想要茶还是咖啡
I don't know what to say to make you feel better.	我不知道该说什么来安慰你
She beckoned me to come in.	她招呼我进来
You are the only one who can protect them.	只有你能保护他们
Have you already called Tom?	你已经给汤姆打过电话了
She is a famous singer.	她是一个著名的歌手
Hands up! This is a robbery.	把手举起来
Maybe you're right.	你可能是对的
What Tom said doesn't apply in this situation.	汤姆所言不符时局
I hope we stay in touch.	我希望我们能保持联系
My whole family's from Boston.	我全家来自波士顿
It's very big of you to admit you're wrong.	你能承认你错了是很伟大的
The barometer is falling. It is going to rain.	气压计下降了
She's a very interesting person.	她是一个非常有趣的人
I had to work overtime yesterday.	我昨天必须加班
This chair is really comfortable to sit on.	这个椅子坐着真舒服
This is a good hospital.	这是一家好医院
Do you understand what I'm saying?	你明白我的意思吗
When do you study?	你什么时候读书
Everybody's here.	每个人都在这里
He wouldn't look at my proposal.	他不会考虑我的建议
It wasn't me who told you not to do that.	不是我告诉你不要去做的
He is looking forward to it.	他对此很期待
He likes taking a walk by himself.	他喜欢独自散步
One hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race.	150	个人参加了马拉松比赛
Nothing moved.	什么都没动
That's exactly what he said.	这就是他所说的
He's my Mr. Right.	他是我的如意郎君
Can I come to your place?	我能去你那吗
I'm sorry.	对不起
I thought Tom would be worried.	我以为汤姆会感到担心
She doesn't like the way I speak.	她不喜欢我说话的方式
Many kinds of birds live in Japan.	许多种鸟类住在日本
I only took a bite of bread.	我仅仅吃了口面包
Would you carry my luggage upstairs?	你可以把我的行李拿到楼上吗
He thought up an excuse.	他编造了一个借口
Is it still far from here?	离这里还远吗
I was just about to leave.	我就要离开了
He told me that whatever might happen, he was prepared for it.	他告诉我不论发生什么
We can rest.	我们可以休息
I don't enjoy singing in public.	我不喜欢在公共场合唱歌
Where's the next train going?	下一列火车去哪里
They aren't afraid of death.	他们不怕死
Suddenly it began to rain.	突然开始下雨
Everybody needs to calm down.	大家需要冷静下来
I made up my mind to go there.	我决定去那里
I recognized some of the tunes that Tom played.	我认出了一些汤姆演奏的调子
My hobby is collecting old toys.	我的嗜好是收集旧玩具
This is difficult.	这很难
Customs include food, celebrations and dancing.	风俗习惯包括食物
I can't believe that.	我不能相信
She was in a hurry.	她在赶时间
I haven't finished my homework yet.	我还没做完作业
Japan is in Asia.	日本在亚洲
I have two cats.	我有两只猫
What fruit do you like the best?	你们最喜欢什么水果
There wasn't a single survivor.	一个幸存者都没有
While we were discussing the problem, I hit upon a good idea.	在我们讨论问题的过程中
I knew Tom's brother.	我认识汤姆的弟兄
This swallow's wings are broken.	这只燕子的翅膀受伤了
It's my turn to drive next.	下次该轮到我开车了
When was this temple built?	这个寺庙是何时造的
You're partially correct.	你对了一部分
At last, he came.	最终
Would you like to wait?	你愿意等吗
I want to go skating.	我想去滑冰
You had better go at once.	你最好马上走
Don't look down on others.	不要看不起别人
Everyone knows that.	那件事谁都知道
You have to start somewhere.	你必须有一个出发点
You certainly play the piano well.	你一定钢琴弹得很好
You don't have to work so hard.	你不必这么辛苦地工作
I started writing a book.	我开始写一本书
Mary is helping her mother.	玛丽正在帮忙她的母亲
He's not at all afraid of snakes.	他一点也不怕蛇
I'm not quite well.	我有点不舒服
Give me the spoon.	把勺子给我
I still haven't found anything.	我还什么都没找到呢
He belongs to the camera club.	他参加摄影社
I agree with your opinion.	我同意您的意见
I'm going to check out at eight.	我会在八点钟的时候登出
Every great writer seems to have been interested in English.	每一个伟大的作家似乎已经对英语感兴趣
I'm seeing her this evening.	我打算今晚和她约会
That is rather unexpected.	这真是很意外
Could you check the tire pressure?	你能检查一下这个轮胎的气压吗
You're the kind of person I'd like to marry.	你是我想嫁的那种人
I entered the room and shook hands with him.	我走进了房间与他握手
They enjoyed themselves at the party.	他们在派对上玩得很开心
I've forgotten his name.	我已经忘了他的名字
I think I may have made a big mistake.	我认为我可能已经犯了大错
I was sore for three weeks.	我难受三周了
My grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he's alone.	我祖父一个人的时候
She was dressed in wool.	她穿著羊毛衣
Do you know me?	你还认识我吗
Who does this guitar belong to?	这把吉他是谁的
The girl playing the piano is my sister.	弹钢琴的女孩是我妹妹
Leave me.	让我一个人呆会儿
I slept just two hours.	我只睡了两小时
Are you working?	你在上班吗
Please get me a ticket.	请给我取一张票
I'm asking what your opinion is.	我在问你的选择是甚么
I'm planning to study tonight.	我打算今天晚上读书
I don't like drinking.	我不喜欢喝酒
We couldn't keep from crying.	我们止不住哭泣
She is proficient in French.	她精通法语
Tom didn't mention seeing Mary.	汤姆没有提到他看见了玛丽
How about going to the movies?	我们去电影院怎么样
You'd better not stay up late.	你最好不要熬夜
Please wait a moment.	请稍等一下
It's no use trying to escape.	试图逃跑是没有用的
I am engaged to her.	我跟她订婚了
I envy the friendship Tom and Mary have.	我羡慕
Is this the key you are looking for?	这是你找的钥匙吗
I'm translating a book.	我在翻译一本书
The only thing I have now are memories.	我现在仅有的东西就是我的记忆了
Are you mad at Tom?	你在生汤姆的气吗
How about taking a walk with us?	跟我们一起散步怎么样
I ate apples.	我吃了苹果
This medicine will give you some relief.	这药会让你舒服些
I am tired of reading.	我读书读腻了
Does anyone else have any advice?	有人还有什么建议吗
He's a little taller than you are.	他比你高一点点
You can shut up now.	你现在可以住口了
You hardly ate anything.	你们几乎什么都没有吃
I can't shut it down.	我不能关掉它
I'll personally visit you.	我会亲自拜访您
They were persecuted.	他们受到迫害
He had no luck in finding work.	他找工作不走运
Don't go above the speed limit.	不要超速
Tom wasn't going to do anything to you.	汤姆不打算给你做任何事
Do this work by tomorrow if possible.	如果可能的话
Algebra is my favorite subject.	代数是我最喜欢的科目
I'm just beginning.	我才刚开始
Maybe Tom just got nervous.	可能汤姆紧张了
He's accustomed to traveling.	他习惯了旅行
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened.	他继续读书
These ruins are ancient.	这些废墟年代久远
Are there any larger carrots?	还有更大的胡萝卜吗
You're working too hard. Take it easy for a while.	你工作太勤奋了
Making a good start is half the battle.	有好的开始
I want my dinner brought to my room.	我想要我的晚餐送到房间里来
Mary isn't really sick. She's just faking it.	玛丽不是真病
My mother did nothing but weep.	我的母亲只是默默地哭泣
It is not easy to learn a foreign language.	学会一门外语不容易
Let's forget about what happened today.	忘了今天的事儿吧
He was hit by a car and died instantly.	他被车撞了之后便过世了
Tom is in the kitchen making tea.	汤姆在厨房里泡茶
I'd rather stay at home.	我宁愿待在家里
You come back soon, OK?	你早点回来
Who is this, please?	请问这是谁
What is the price for this?	多少钱
The President spoke to the nation on TV.	总统在电视上对国民讲话
I want to go to school and study hard.	我想上学并努力学习
It was very far.	它很远
How deep is the hole?	这个洞多深
The house has all the conveniences.	这套房子设施便利齐全
I really want to stop.	我真的想停下来
John is two years older than I am.	John	比我大两岁
That boy is running.	那个男孩在跑步
Ghosts exist.	鬼魂是存在的
I don't like this jacket.	我不喜欢那件夹克
Tom took out his wallet and paid the bill.	汤姆拿出钱包付了账
He is a fishmonger.	他是卖鱼的
I want some cake.	我想要点蛋糕
Over-sleeping is no excuse for being late.	睡过头不是迟到的理由
Choose the one you like.	选喜欢的
What have you got planned for next weekend?	你下个周末有什么安排
Tom said that he'd never been to Boston.	汤姆说他从来没去过波士顿
My father is busy.	我爸爸很忙
Fire is always dangerous.	火是非常危险的
My home is your home.	我家就是你家
There was a fight.	那里有人打过架
The blackbirds' feathers are black.	乌鸫的羽毛是黑色的
It appears that she had a nice time at the party.	看来她似乎在派对上玩得很开心
The watch on the desk is mine.	桌上的手表是我的
Tom goes for a walk every morning.	Tom	每天早上去散步
She survived her husband by ten years.	她比丈夫多活十年
I'm not letting Tom do this by himself.	我不会让汤姆独自去做
It rained three times during the trip.	这次出游下了三次雨
I don't like big dogs.	我不喜欢大狗
I wasn't quite sure what to say.	我不太确定要说什么
I need to get some stamps.	我需要一些邮票
Tom would like to see you.	汤姆想见你
I was hot, so I switched on the fan.	我很热
Tom and I know each other quite well.	汤姆和我互相很了解
I have no secrets from you.	我对你毫无隐瞒
Tom is meeting Mary this afternoon.	汤姆今天下午将会见玛丽
It's going to rain.	天快要下雨了
I think so, too.	我也是这么想的
I know you hired Tom.	我知道你雇了汤姆
I think I know who did it.	我认为我知道是谁做的
I can't understand his feelings.	我不明白他的感受
They made him sign the contract.	他们让他签约了
The man got away from the city.	这名男子逃离了这个城市
Do you mind if I open the window?	你介意我开窗吗
He used to read at night.	他以前都在夜晚看书
If that were true, what would you do?	如果这是真的
Do you know where he was born?	你知道他在哪出生的吗
What's the width of this road?	这条路的宽度是多少
You're not too late.	你还不太晚
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?	您今天下午想不想去动物园
I guess I waited too long.	我好像等太久了
I know who likes Tom.	我知道谁喜欢汤姆
Are you busy?	你忙吗
Did I say something I shouldn't have?	我说了什么我不应该说的吗
He put the book on the shelf.	他把书放在了书架上
I will write letters to you as often as I can.	我会尽可能多给你写信的
Don't believe what she says.	不要相信她说的话
I know you're upset.	我知道你难过
It takes time.	这需要时间
Have you ever heard of such a thing?	你听说过这样的事吗
I'll follow you anywhere.	到哪里我都会跟着你
The sun gives us light and heat.	太阳提供我们光和热
Is that a common name?	那个名字很普通吗
Things are the same, but people have changed.	物是人非
I was lucky.	我运气很好
How do you like it?	你觉得怎么样
You have to be patient.	你必须有耐心
If you hurry, you will catch up with him.	如果你快一点
They believe in a life after death.	他们相信死后的生命
It was a long letter.	它是封长信
Her father devoted his life to science.	她父亲把一生都贡献给科学事业了
I envy you your luck.	我嫉妒你的幸运
Few students could understand what he said.	很少有学生能了解他说的话
I'm not responsible for what Tom did.	我不必对汤姆所做的事负责任
Tom is taking a shower.	Tom	在洗澡
Did you really think I was going to help you?	你真的觉得我会帮你吗
He looks a bit tired, doesn't he?	他看起来有点累
The police are looking into the matter.	警方正在调查
The food's ready.	饭做好了
I want to go home.	我要回家
Tom can't speak French very well.	汤姆说法语说得不太好
He swims better than I do.	他游泳游得比我好
I can take care of myself.	我可以照顾自己
I've been told Tom is going to be fired.	有人告诉过我汤姆要被开除
Tom's Japanese is improving little by little.	汤姆的日语一点一点地渐渐进步中
The train was crowded with people.	火车挤满了人
This book is yours.	这本书是你的
I don't understand German at all.	我完全不懂德语
They now have three children.	现在他们有三个孩子
What are you laughing at?	你笑什么呢
I'd like to try out this new model before I buy it.	我想在买之前先试试这个新机型
Don't go over the speed limit.	不要超速
He is a reporter for Time magazine.	他是时代杂志的记者
He told me not to tell lies.	他告诉我不要说谎
Let's eat while the food is warm.	让我们趁热吃吧
What he says is total nonsense.	他说的话不合情理
I'd like to make a reservation.	我要预约
She looks a lot like her mother.	她非常像她的母亲
Why do you think Tom doesn't like it?	你为甚么认为汤姆不喜欢它
Russia is facing great financial difficulties.	俄罗斯面临着严重的财政困难
I get you.	我了解你
He's opposed to racial discrimination.	他反对种族歧视
You should've introduced yourself.	你本来应该介绍自己的
From what school did you graduate?	您是从哪个学校毕业的
What awful weather!	多么糟糕的天气啊
I've never told anyone about this.	我没跟任何人说过这事
Tom is an important person.	汤姆是个重要的人
Do you have a soup bowl?	你有汤碗吗
What was that you just said?	你刚说了什么
What're you going to do?	你要做什么
All that glitters is not gold.	光看表面是不足够的
What color is your hair?	您的头发是什么颜色的
I can't bring myself to do such a thing.	我不能让自己做这样的事
I have to renew my passport.	我必须更新我的护照
I'm all for it.	我百分之百赞成
Stir the soup.	搅一下汤
He got angry.	他生气了
I'm married.	我已婚
What are you doing?	你在做什么
He always keeps his room clean.	他总是把他的房间保持干净
I get a kick out of life.	我为人生感到很开心
The tsunami alert was cancelled.	海啸的警报解除了
No matter what happens, I won't change my mind.	无论发生什么我都不会改主意的
Don't show your face around here again.	你不要再出现在这里了
You like it, don't you?	你喜欢它
Tom gave me something to read.	汤姆给了我一些东西读
I won't make that mistake again.	我不会再犯那错了
He is a big eater.	他是个大胃王
It is difficult to speak three languages.	说三种语言是很困难的
Tom and Mary were tired of waiting.	汤姆和玛丽等烦了
I don't want Tom to die.	我不想让汤姆死
Did Tom win?	汤姆赢了吗
There's no need to speak so loud.	没有必要说话这么大声
I want to eat something delicious.	我想吃点好吃的
Someone is at the door.	有人在门口
Nowadays many people travel by car.	现在很多人开车去旅行
I cannot distinguish a frog from a toad.	我无法区分青蛙和蟾蜍
The matter is all settled.	这个问题已经完全解决了
I speak French, too.	我也说法语
Christmas is soon, right?	圣诞节很快就到了
She saw herself in the mirror.	她看到镜子里的自己
You should put your coat on.	你应该把大衣穿上
The swallows are migrating.	燕子在迁移
The mouse ran into the hole.	这只老鼠跑进洞里
At last, the bus stopped.	公车最终停了下来
What's your schedule for tomorrow?	你明天的行程安排是什么
It took a long time to take in what she was saying.	花了很久才能听懂她在说什么
I got up about six.	我六点左右起床
Her toy was broken by her little sister.	她的玩具是被她妹妹弄坏的
The speaker's comments were highly offensive.	发言人的评论极有攻击性
Every member must attend.	所有的成员都必须参加
You are in my way.	你挡住了我的路
I'll go by myself.	我会自己走
Tom is boring.	汤姆是个无聊的人
He has a lot of original ideas.	他有很多独到的见解
I can't get over my cold.	我的感冒怎么也不好
We're not stupid.	我们不傻
It won't take very long.	不会花很多时间的
How do you get to school?	你怎么去学校
It is a privilege to meet you.	幸会
Why do you work?	你为什么工作
I want to go there.	我想去那里
The baby smiled at me.	宝宝对我笑了
I feel hopeful about the future.	我对未来感到有希望
Africa is a continent; Greenland is not.	非洲是一个大陆
We all fell asleep.	我们都睡着了
Will you lend me your bicycle?	你能把你的自行车借给我吗
He gave it to me for nothing.	他免费把它给了我
The chair is made of wood.	椅子是木质的
I hit him in the belly.	我打了他的肚子
It's a pity you didn't come last night.	您昨晚没来真是太可惜了
I'm very uncomfortable around children.	我被小孩围着非常不舒服
This book is worth reading twice.	这本书值得读两遍
It is impossible to live without water.	生活没有水是不可能的
She took full advantage of her stay in London to improve her English.	她充分利用她住在伦敦的优势
Get Tom.	找到汤姆
She was tired, but she kept working.	她累了
He joined the Army during the war.	他在战时参军
I've already eaten lunch.	我已经吃过午餐了
It's later than you think.	时间比你想的还要晚
Let's discuss the matter right now.	让我们马上讨论这个问题吧
Tom fell off his bike.	汤姆从他的自行车上掉了下来
Tom and Mary don't like dancing.	汤姆和玛丽不喜欢跳舞
You may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures.	如果你不按照安全手续来的话
His daughter is a nurse.	他的女儿是护士
Women are not permitted to drive cars in Saudi Arabia.	在沙特阿拉伯妇女不允许开车
This is ice.	这是冰块
It was just a joke. Lighten up!	只是个玩笑
They nominated Calvin Coolidge for vice president.	他们提名卡尔文
You'd better go to see your family doctor at once.	你最好立刻去看你的家庭医生
She lives in New York.	她住在纽约
Do you think Tom is having fun?	你认为汤姆玩得高兴吗
Make yourself at home.	就当在家一样
I will be at the meeting.	我会出席会议的
The cat is watching the fish.	猫看着鱼
They have twelve children.	他们有
Do you hate me?	你讨厌我吗
AI means Artificial Intelligence.	AI	是人工智能的略称
She's two years older than you.	她比你大两岁
Nobody had ever heard of it.	从没有人听说过这件事
He walks in the park every morning.	他每天早上在公园里散步
I like to play basketball.	我喜欢打篮球
It's not far from here to there.	离这里不远
Go ahead.	继续吧
When do you practice the piano?	你什么时候练习弹钢琴
I know her very well.	我非常了解她
I paid $200 in taxes.	我付了两百元含税
Tom was full.	汤姆饱了
We're involved.	我们正参与
I studied English when I was there.	当我在那里的时候
Will you hold this seat for me?	您能给我留这个座吗
Are you off tonight?	你今天晚上有没有要上班
Are you talking to me?	你是在对我说吗
We're going to discuss the problem tomorrow.	我们明天讨论这个问题
Tom abstained from voting.	汤姆投票弃权
These lemons are fresh.	这些柠檬很新鲜
You must study more.	你该学得更多
"Who is it?" "It's your mother."	“	是谁
Any book will do.	哪一本书都行
That wasn't my intention.	这不是我的初衷
Just relax.	放松点吧
Do you read French every day?	你每天读法语吗
What's the rush?	这么着急干什么
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.	我不习惯喝无糖咖啡
They tried very hard to gain an advantage over one another.	他们很努力地超过对方获得优势
It rains a lot in June in Japan.	在日本
I have low blood pressure.	我的血压很低
She likes to listen to music.	她喜欢听音乐
I am short.	我个头矮
The teacher made us repeat the word.	老师要我们重复这个字
You shouldn't go.	你不应该去
I prefer cats to dogs.	较之于狗
Keep quiet!	保持安静
They go to church on Sunday.	他们礼拜天上教堂
Tom is the one, isn't he?	汤姆就是那一个
Don't sign the contract in pencil.	别用铅笔签合同
I wish we had won the game.	要是我们赢了这场比赛就好了
He shook hands with his friend.	他和他的朋友握手
I had been in the army for a month when the war ended.	战争结束时
He seems quite happy.	他看起来好像很幸福
He proved to be an ideal husband.	他被证实是个理想丈夫
Did you check this?	你检查这个了吗
When Dad finds out what you've done, he's going to hit the roof.	当爸爸发现你做了什么的时候
What did he say?	他说了什么
His behavior never ceases to surprise me.	他的所作所为总是让我惊讶
Someone tapped me on the shoulder.	有人拍了拍我的肩膀
You ought to tell Tom that you'll likely be late.	你应该告诉汤姆你可能会迟到
The Jacksons are visiting us tomorrow afternoon.	杰克森一家明天下午就要来看望我们
How come you didn't say anything?	你怎么什么话也没说
I don't know when he's coming.	不知道他什么时候来
What do you think I was doing?	你觉得我在干吗呢
I found you, didn't I?	我找到你了
He's the oldest son.	他是长子
Please show me your injured arm.	请让我看看你受伤的手臂
Please accept my sincere apologies.	请接受我诚挚的歉意
We'll have a barbecue at the beach.	我们要在海边在烧烤架上烤肉
Tom worries about making mistakes at work.	汤姆担心工作出错
This is very expensive.	这是非常昂贵的
He got to school just in time.	他刚好准时到校
It's nothing serious.	这没什么要紧的
I've made us some coffee.	我给我们煮了些咖啡
I'm going to change my clothes.	我要去换衣服
To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit, every problem looks like a nail.	对工具箱里只有一把榔头的人来说
I had chicken pox when I was a kid.	我小时候发水痘
I'll do whatever you want me to do.	无论你要我做什么
How to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem.	如何克服日元升高是个大问题
How often do you use your phone?	你多久用一次手机
Tom doesn't need to worry about it.	汤姆不需要担心
There is the train at 10 o'clock.	十点钟有一班火车
Nobody knows how I feel.	没人体会我的感受
We're good friends.	我们是好朋友
They stole apples from my orchard.	他们从我的果园偷了苹果
Tom works in Boston.	汤姆在波士顿工作
I guess the dog bites.	看来那条狗会咬人
Your account is empty.	你的账户空了
I didn't understand the joke.	我没弄明白这个笑话
Help us.	帮帮我们吧
The landscape is unfamiliar to me.	风景对我来说很陌生
Who wrote these stories?	谁写了这些故事
My head hurts.	我头痛
Ten prisoners broke out of jail.	十名囚犯逃狱了
First impressions matter.	第一印象很重要
Would you please show me that skirt?	请你给我看一下这条裙子好吗
I'm too tired to walk any further.	我累得再也走不动了
The lecture lasted for two hours.	这场演讲持续了两个小时
Write your goals down.	把你的目标写下来
The heater is broken.	暖气坏了
I'm so excited.	我很激动
I visited my friend Tom yesterday.	我昨天拜访了我的朋友汤姆
She ignored all my warnings.	她忽视了我所有的警告
He worked very hard.	他工作很努力
I worked on the farm all day.	我整天在农场上工作
Every door in the house is locked.	这房子里的每一扇门都被锁上了
How did you reply?	您回答了什么
Whose is this car?	这辆汽车是谁的
I can call Tom if you want.	如果你想要的话
He told me to wash my face.	他叫我洗脸
I don't think he can help you.	我觉得他不能帮你
Buy Tom a beer.	给汤姆买一瓶啤酒
Tom wanted to know where he could buy turmeric.	汤姆想知道哪里能买到姜黄
To put it bluntly, he's mistaken.	坦率地说
I don't like the way he talks.	我不喜欢他讲话的样子
I can't bear to see animals suffering.	我无法忍受看着动物受苦
He is a member of the baseball club.	他是这棒球俱乐部的成员
What is the theme of his latest novel?	他最后一本小说的主题是什么
I waited half an hour for my friend, but he didn't turn up.	我等了我朋友半个小时
This book is beautifully illustrated.	这本书有精美的插图
Man is mortal.	人固有一死
There is no admission fee for children under five.	五岁以下的小孩票价全免
The dog barked at the stranger.	这只狗对著陌生人叫
We still have plenty of time left.	我们还剩下很多时间
He checked in at a good hotel.	他入住了一间很好的旅馆
Tom is the tallest man I know.	汤姆是我所知道的最高的人
Can we stop fighting?	我们能不打了吗
Did you get your wish?	你如愿以偿了吗
He had no qualms in doing so.	他这么做
Because of his wealth, he was able to become a member of that club.	由于他的财富
I'm dead tired.	我累死了
What is your name?	你的名字叫什么
Let's play baseball.	我们去打棒球吧
Wash your hands before eating.	进食前先洗手
Out of these cakes, I like this one the best.	这些蛋糕中我最喜欢这个
You're doing it right.	你做得对
Would you please have a look at these papers?	请你看看这些文件
I'd like to exchange this shirt that I bought yesterday.	我想去换我昨天买的这件衬衫
Please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail.	收到此邮件后请尽快给我答复
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive a car.	我母亲有驾照
Will this year be different?	今年将会不同以往吗
I have a lot of questions.	我有许多问题
He sells cars.	他卖车子
They were all hoarse from shouting.	他们全都叫到沙哑了
I am the laziest person I know.	我是据我所知最懒的人
If the car breaks down, we'll walk.	如果车子坏了
I haven't seen you in ages.	我已经好久没有见到你了
The house I bought is pretty far from downtown.	我买的房子离市中心比较远
What's Tom given us?	汤姆给了我们什么
You remind me of myself.	你让我想起我自己
She went to Mexico by herself.	她独自一人去了墨西哥
How can I get there?	我怎么到那里去
Tom had a bad accident.	汤姆出了桩事故
What does your aunt do?	你姑姑是做什么的
She asked me whether I liked the plan or not.	她问我喜不喜欢这个计划
There's no membership fee for joining.	参加不用会员费
We gather here once a week.	我们每周在这儿聚一次
The mountain is covered with snow.	这座山被雪覆盖了
The service here is awful.	这里的服务很糟糕
Put this jacket on, and you'll be much warmer.	穿上外套吧
She has a flower in her hand.	她手上有一朵花
Tom lied to the others.	汤姆向其他人撒谎了
We have to finish everything before Tuesday morning.	我们必须在周二早上之前完成所有事情
An eight-year-old car is almost worthless.	一辆车龄八年的车子几乎是毫无价值的
The doctor tried every possible means to save his patient.	为抢救病人医生已尽力了
He is afraid of snakes.	他怕蛇
They arrived in Osaka at the beginning of May.	他们五月初到了大阪
Would you care for some tea?	你要喝点茶吗
She slapped his face.	她掴了他的脸
I like them.	我喜欢他们
A penny saved is a penny earned.	省下了一分钱
Tom made a choice.	汤姆做出了选择
Staying up late at night is very bad for your skin.	熬夜是皮肤的大敌
I could barely get out of bed yesterday.	我昨天几乎下不了床
Your tie has come undone.	你的领带松了
It was lucky for you that you found it.	你很幸运找到了它
America is very large.	美洲很大
The runner jumped over the hole in the ground.	那个赛跑运动员跃过了地面上的洞
I use Firefox.	我使用火狐
You have to go.	你们得走了
I'm listening to the radio.	我在听收音机
Please think it over.	请考虑一下
Has she finished her work yet?	她完成了她的工作吗
She is still a girl.	她还是个小女孩
We have a very good chef.	我们有一位非常好的厨师
Our house has three bedrooms.	我们家有三个卧室
I don't like to eat nattō.	我不喜欢吃纳豆
I can sing well.	我唱歌很好听
She was wearing long boots.	她穿着长靴
I am happiest when I am reading.	当我阅读的时候
If only I could speak English!	我要是会说英语就好了
You don't have to raise your voice.	您不需要提高音量
Do as you like.	你想怎么做就怎么做
He made a clean break with them.	他跟他们干脆地断绝来往了
The camera will cost at least $500.	这台相机至少要花费
Tom helped me fix my watch.	汤姆帮我修好了我的手表
You don't look so good.	你看上去不太好
Did you bring them?	你把它们带来了么
Here is a book.	这里有一本书
You should come home before six.	六点之前要回家
Which is your luggage?	哪个是你的行李
It's nice to have friends.	有朋友真好
One who doesn't take risks will not win.	不冒险
How much money have you got?	你有多少钱
You're liable for the debt.	你有义务还债
I've just started playing tennis.	我刚开始打网球
Don't worry so much.	别那么着急
The sun comes up in the east and goes down in the west.	太阳从东边升起
I think we should talk about this now.	我认为我们现在就该谈谈这事
If you're hungry, why don't you eat?	如果你饿了
I'm sorry I wasn't able to see you when you came by today.	我很抱歉今天您来的时候没能见您
I will stand by you whatever happens.	不论发生什么事
Choose one person.	从中选择一人
I find politics very interesting.	我对政治很感兴趣
By the way, did you hear that Mary quit her job?	话说
The losses are incalculable.	损失是无法估计的
This dress cost me over 40,000 yen.	这件衣服花了我
Tom used to date my daughter.	汤姆以前和我女儿约会
Which is better, red thread or white thread?	哪个更好
That's odd.	奇怪
I call on him every other day.	我每隔一天拜访他
Tom said that he didn't like his new job.	汤姆说他不喜欢他的新工作
What is it you want to tell me?	你想对我说什么
Did Tom break something again?	汤姆又弄坏了什么东西吗
He usually goes to school by bus.	他经常搭公车上学
You don't have to kick yourself.	你不要自甘堕落
Are we going to lose?	我们将会输了吗
He drank a whole bottle of milk.	他喝了一整瓶的牛奶
She looked after the children.	她照顾孩子
One of the main products of this country is coffee.	这个国家的主要产品之一是咖啡
He is fond of adventure.	他喜欢冒险
Don't step in the mud.	别走进泥地
Our friendship will last a long time.	我们的友情会长久留存
The old cottage has a certain charm about it.	旧村屋有它自己一定的魅力
Do black holes exist?	黑洞存在吗
I've got it right here.	我就是在这得到它的
I had hoped to meet you there.	我曾希望在那里遇见你
I'm allergic to corn.	我玉米过敏
Let's begin.	让我们开始吧
I've never seen such a beautiful sunset.	我从没见过那么壮丽的日落景色
I couldn't fall asleep.	我无法入睡
Wonderful!	很棒
If her temperature goes up, send for the doctor.	如果她的体温上升
You should've kept it secret.	你应该保密的
Is there anything you want to add to what I just said?	我刚才说的内容
Tom put a stack of letters on Mary's desk.	汤姆把一叠信放在玛丽桌上
Is he correct?	他对吗
They're kids.	他们是孩子
Tom will be there for a few days.	汤姆会在几天后后到达那里
What is the matter with you?	你怎么了
I clapped.	我拍手
Tom isn't planning to stay.	汤姆不打算留下
I had intended to go shopping this afternoon.	我这个下午本来想去逛街
We just moved in.	我们才刚搬进来
She backed her car into the garage.	她倒车进车库
Are you happy here?	你在这里高兴吗
You look the way your father did thirty years ago.	你看上去就像是三十年前你父亲的样子
I felt good tonight.	我今晚感觉良好
I'm very ashamed of myself about what I've done.	我对自己的作为很内疚
He cured my illness.	我的病给他治好了
I think you have a fever.	我觉得你发烧了
He may have taken the wrong train.	他可能搭错火车了
It'll take too much time for Tom to get here.	汤姆到这里要花好长时间
I don't have the slightest intention of retiring.	我没有一点退休的念头
Iron the inside of collars first, and then the outside.	先熨烫领子的里面
I didn't know he drank so much.	我不知道他喝那么多酒
Where's Tom's stuff?	汤姆的东西在哪里
Do you have grandchildren?	您有孙子女吗
Stars began to appear in the sky.	星星开始在天空中出现
Being late is always better than not showing up at all.	迟到总比不到好
How many people work there?	有多少人在那里工作
Good luck on the test!	祝考试好运
Keep going.	继续吧
The student handed the examination papers in to the teacher.	该学生把考试卷交给了老师
It might snow tonight.	晚上也许会下雪
He was not aware of the danger.	他没有意识到自己有危险
Suddenly, it started to rain.	突然开始下雨
He is much older than he looks.	他的实际年龄比他看起来老得多
The teacher granted me permission to go home early.	老师允许我提前回家
I hope that Mary passes the examination.	我希望玛丽通过考试
When I was young, I used to climb trees a lot.	我年轻时经常爬树
Fish and red wine don't go together.	鱼和红酒不合
Let's take a rest for a while.	我们休息一会儿吧
I have a very sore arm where you hit me.	你打在我手臂上的地方超级痛
I remember seeing you last year.	我记得去年看过你
If I were you, I wouldn't do it.	如果我是你
Tom made fun of me.	汤姆拿我开心
He snored loudly while he slept.	他睡着的时候
Speaking in French is fun.	说法语很有趣
I'd like to leave this town and never come back.	我希望离开这个村子并且再也不要回来
How often do the buses depart?	公共汽车多久发车一次
I am very tired.	我很累
There is no cause for worry.	这没什么好担心的
He arrived after the bell rang.	铃响后他就到了
Others are less optimistic.	其他人不那么乐观
Don't play in the road.	别在马路上玩
Christmas is definitely my favorite holiday.	圣诞节绝对是我最喜欢的节日
Hurry, and you will catch the train.	快一点
I can't stand that kind of politician.	我受不了那种政治家
Tom has a large jar of pennies.	汤姆有一大罐零钱
Our school is very close to the park.	我们学校离公园非常近
The bicycle under the tree is mine.	那辆在树下的自行车是我的
My memory failed me. I just could not remember his name.	我的记性不好
I've never seen that guy before.	我从没看过那个人
They helped each other with homework.	他们互相帮忙做功课
What are you doing at school this afternoon?	你们今天下午在学校做些什么
Where should we go?	我们应该去哪里
I know everybody here.	我认识这里的每个人
Tom looks a bit sick.	汤姆看来有点不适
I feel we're going to get better.	我感觉我们会变得更好
Apparently, there is nothing that cannot happen today.	显然
I spent no more than three dollars.	我只花了三美元
How do you heat the house?	您怎么让屋子暖起来
He often sits by me and listens to music.	他经常坐在我旁边听音乐
These flowers are beautiful, aren't they?	这些花很美
Maybe you're right.	也许您有道理
I will ask him about it tomorrow, then.	那我明天会问他的
My mother was disappointed by my failure.	我的母亲对我的失败感到失望
Tom studies philosophy at college.	汤姆在大学里学的是哲学
She was so curious that she opened the box.	她太过好奇
He's very smart, and he's handsome too.	他很聪明
My father goes to work by bike.	我父亲骑自行车去上班
We bought a pound of tea.	我们买了一磅的茶
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese.	我是在北京学的中文
We arrived at the office on time.	我们准时到达了办公室
Now I need you to leave.	现在我需要你离开
I found the bed quite comfortable.	我觉得这张床相当地舒适
Open the box.	打开箱子
Tom could've called the police.	汤姆本可以报警的
When did you begin to learn English?	你们什么时候开始学英语的
I can't conceive of living without him.	我无法想像生命中没有他
I don't regret it.	我不后悔
I got up early.	我起床早
While I was reading, I fell asleep.	当我读书的时候
Tom hasn't finished his lunch yet.	汤姆还没吃完晚饭
We're not going on vacation.	我们不去度假
Who is your teacher?	谁是你老师
This park reminds me of my childhood.	来到这个公园会让我想起自己的童年
I'll clean up the kitchen later.	我等一下将清理厨房
I won the lottery.	我中奖了
Which credit cards can I use?	我可以用哪些信用卡
Beats me.	我一无所知
We know.	我们知道
You've been had.	您被骗了
I need a new pair of shoes.	我需要一双新鞋
Will you tell me why you like her?	你能告诉我你为什么喜欢她吗
I do not allow sleeping in class.	我不允许有人在课上睡觉
What's it made of?	这是什么做的
Can you repeat that, please?	能不能请你重复一下
I'm sorry I'm late. I couldn't find the bus stop.	对不起
They made us work all day long.	他们让我们工作了一整天
I didn't see him.	我没见到他
The situation is worse than I thought.	情况比我想的还坏
Do you have a points card?	您有会员卡吗
This dictionary is my sister's.	这本字典是我妹妹的
He's a big boy.	他是个大男孩
I like dragon fruit.	我喜欢火龙果
He is about your age.	他岁数和你差不多
She almost drowned.	她差点就溺水了
I gave it to the little boy.	我把它给这个小男孩
Termites eat wood.	白蚁吃木头
I heard a car pull up.	我听到一辆车停了下来
You have three cars, don't you?	你有三辆车对吗
Don't try to do this by yourself.	别想靠你自己做这事
Mutual understanding promotes peace.	相互理解能促进和平
How was the meeting yesterday?	昨天的会议怎么样
If a sick person folds one thousand paper cranes, her wish will come true.	如果一个病人折一千只纸鹤
I would do anything for Tom.	我会为汤姆做任何事
You look happy today.	你今天看上去很开心
Close your eyes.	闭上你们的眼睛
We kept them quiet.	我们让他们保持安静
Tom decided to stay behind.	汤姆决定留下
The gardener turned out to be the murderer.	园丁后来发现就是凶手
Seeing the fresh lobster made me hungry.	看见新鲜龙虾
Hard work and dedication will bring you success.	努力工作和敬业精神会使你成功
Tom doesn't have a fever.	汤姆没有发烧
Do you understand?	你们懂吗
The tablecloth is in the cabinet.	桌布在橱柜里
He likes mathematics, but I don't.	他喜欢数学
We made pancakes for breakfast.	我们早餐做了煎饼
There goes our bus.	我们的车走了
I turned it off.	我把它关了
Will you lend me your dictionary?	把你的字典借给我好吗
This bucket has a hole in it.	这个桶有个洞
What type of work do you do?	你做什么类型的工作
I aimed my gun at the target.	我把我的手枪指向了目标
I can't understand why you are so critical of him.	我不明白为什么你这么批评他
I haven't eaten lunch yet.	我现在还没有吃过午饭
He was appointed ambassador to Britain.	他被任命为驻英国大使
She saddled him with the work.	她强迫他做这个工作
She can swim as fast as her brother.	她能和她哥哥游得一样快
My son is ten years old.	我儿子十岁了
This piano is really cheap.	这钢琴真便宜
Can you freeze it?	你能冷冻它吗
Whose ring is that?	那是谁的环
I feel a whole lot better today.	我今天感觉好多了
I have no intention of resigning.	我无意辞职
A boat suddenly appeared out of the mist.	一艘船突然从雾中出现
Have you seen any movies recently?	最近看了什么电影没有
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.	凤凰城是亚利桑那州的首府
I am studying now.	我现在正在学习
The price of rice has come down.	米价下跌了
He may have missed the last train.	他可能错过了最后一班火车
Even Tom doesn't do that anymore.	连汤姆都不再做了
What were you doing that moment?	当时你在做什么
Excuse me, what are you doing?	请问
Tom hasn't called Mary yet.	汤姆还没打给玛莉
He accepted her gift.	他接受了她的礼物
I feel very sorry for your sister.	我对你姐姐感到非常抱歉
She hit the ball hard.	她用力地拍了球
I thought that I could be of some help.	我认为我能帮点忙
He is different from what he used to be.	他和从前不一样
I got lost in the woods.	我在树林里迷路了
There was widespread panic after the earthquake.	地震后人们普遍觉得恐慌
He can't seem to understand that poem.	他似乎无法理解那首诗
I don't like her.	我不喜欢她
No student went to the party.	没有学生去参加派对
Did you watch TV tonight?	你今晚看电视了吗
Obviously, someone is lying.	显然有人在撒谎
My problem is I don't trust you.	我的问题是我不信任你
Isn't this weather just great!	天气真是太好了
One is new, and the other is old.	一个是新的
Who looks after the children?	谁照顾孩子
I'm busy all the time.	我总是有事
Tell me what to do.	告诉我该做什么
I missed you.	我想念你
The noise frightened the baby.	噪音吓到了婴儿
I think what you're doing is wrong.	我觉得你正在做的是错的
I wonder why he did that.	我不知道他为什么那样做
This is the biggest car in the world.	这是世界上最大的车
She asked for my help.	她向我求助
You have a visitor.	你有客人
You're my hero.	你是我的英雄
You should consult your doctor.	你应该咨询你的医生
Actions speak louder than words.	坐而言不如起而行
Let's get to work.	干活吧
You don't need to do that at once.	你没必要马上去做
You shouldn't tell him anything about her.	你不应该告诉他任何关于她的事
I want something to drink now.	我现在想要喝点东西
I don't think he is sincere.	我不觉得他很诚实
He led a hard life after that.	自那以后他便过起了艰难的生活
Parents love their children.	父母爱自己的孩子
His plan is dangerous!	他的计划是危险的
She's already sleeping.	她已经睡下了
I found a coin on the sidewalk.	我在人行道上发现了一枚硬币
He's always at home on Mondays.	他星期一总是在家
What is your occupation?	你做什么工作
I am Finnish, but I speak also Swedish.	我是芬兰人
I didn't want to come here.	我不想来这里
Where's the nearest drugstore?	最近的药店在哪里
He used to live here.	他以前住在这儿
Take it easy.	别紧张
People should understand that the world is changing.	人应该明白世界在变
He married a stewardess.	他娶了一个空姐
I'm not as optimistic as you are.	我不像你那么乐观
Do you deny that you went there?	你否认你去了那里吗
Why did you say such a thing?	你为什么说了这样的事
Do you know how to play the organ?	你会弹管风琴吗
I'd like to get married to someone like you.	我想跟你这样的人结婚
Tom said nothing.	汤姆什么也没说
Almost nobody thinks we're sisters.	几乎没有人认为我们是姐妹
What's your job?	你做什么工作
Have we made progress?	我们取得进步了吗
Would you care for another cup of coffee?	再来一杯咖啡怎么样
I want to see him very much.	我非常想见到他
He has lost his job.	他已经失去了他的工作
Tom looks very happy.	汤姆看起来非常开心
He is the manager of the marketing department.	他是营销部的负责人
It's warm for this time of year.	对一年的这个时候来说
Call me at six tomorrow morning.	明天早上
I was the last one to see Tom.	我是见汤姆的最后一个
He runs in the park every day.	他每天都在公园中跑步
I came to this country for the purpose of studying music.	我来这个国家的目的是学习音乐
The sun went below the horizon.	太阳落到地平线下了
Did you get the package I sent you?	你收到我寄给你的包裹了吗
He went bankrupt.	他破产了
Somebody is playing the piano.	有人正在弹钢琴
Always be true to yourself.	永远要对自己诚实
This is where Tom wants to live.	这就是汤姆想住的地方
Tom asked me stay behind.	汤姆让我留下
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.	我的驾驶教练说我应该更有耐心一点
Last night I had a strange dream.	我昨晚做了一个奇怪的梦
Is there a hotel around here?	附近有酒店吗
I will see them next week.	我下周会去见他们
Five gallons of regular, please.	请照平常一样五加仑
That bicycle is too small for you.	那辆脚踏车对你来说太小了
She played a tune on the piano.	她在钢琴上弹了一首曲子
Nothing special happened.	没发生什么特别的事
America is a country of immigrants.	美国是一个移民国家
Do you get along with your boss?	你跟老板合得来吗
Half a loaf is better than none.	半个面包总比没有好
Tom doesn't even talk to Mary anymore.	汤姆甚至不和玛丽说话了
Was the baby crying then?	那时婴儿正在哭吗
I think it's a really good thing.	我认为它真是好事
I called him up yesterday.	我昨天打电话给他
She wrapped herself in a blanket.	她用一条毯子把自己裹起来
I want a map.	我想要一张地图
I don't think that it's a good idea.	我觉得这主意不行
I explained the matter to him.	我给他解释了这件事
He married an actress.	他和一个女演员结婚了
I've never considered doing that.	我从没想过去做那事
Tom fell asleep in class.	汤姆在课堂上睡着了
If I were rich, I would go abroad.	如果我有钱了
I'll stay at home tomorrow.	明天我会呆在家里
He sold his business and retired.	他卖掉了他的事业并且退休
He carried six boxes at a time.	他一次搬
She made tea for me.	她给我泡了茶
Tom told me that he doesn't like carbonated drinks.	汤姆告诉我他不喜欢碳酸饮料
Tom sat beside Mary.	汤姆坐在玛丽旁边
I've been here for a very long time.	我在这里很长时间了
She has the large house to herself.	她给自己一间大房子
Can I have some tea?	可以给我一些茶水吗
I want some orange juice.	我想要一点柳橙汁
How long will this rain go on?	雨会下多久
Please bring us two cups of tea and one cup of coffee.	请来两杯茶和一杯咖啡
I don't know where Tom was going.	我不知道汤姆往哪去了
I don't play basketball.	我不打篮球
I love passion fruit juice.	我爱百香果汁
I got acquainted with her in France.	我在法国认识了她
He tried to make his wife happy, but in vain.	他试著想让他妻子开心
The child missed his mother very much.	这孩子非常想念他的母亲
I heard our dog barking all night.	我听到我们的狗叫了一整夜
If you pass this test, you could graduate next month.	如果你通过这个考试
She was run over by a car.	她被车子辗过了
Our garden was full of weeds.	我们的花园布满了杂草
Mary had to go to school.	玛丽必须去上学
Stand aside.	一边站着
Tom should wait until Monday.	汤姆应该等到星期一
Waste not, want not.	不浪费则不匮乏
From time to time, he goes to Tokyo on business.	他时不时地因为工作去东京
Keep it.	留着吧
I am looking for a present for my mother.	我正在为我的妈妈寻找礼物
Your suggestion seems reasonable.	你的建议似乎是合理的
There are plenty of fish in this river.	这条河里有很多鱼
The sample isn't pure enough.	样本不够纯净
India gained independence from Britain in 1947.	印度于
This little girl let the birds escape.	这个小女孩让小鸟脱逃了
She finally reached the hotel.	她终于到达了酒店
Your dress is very nice.	你的穿著非常好
Do you have any other questions?	你有任何其他的问题吗
We should run some tests.	我们应该进行测试
Ultraviolet rays can cause skin cancer.	紫外线可导致皮肤癌
There were no hats in that store that fit me.	那个店里没有合我尺寸的帽子
Are you free this afternoon?	你们今天下午有空吗
He ran so fast that he was out of breath.	他跑得太快
I love you more than anybody else.	我爱你胜过其他任何一个人
I almost didn't visit Australia.	我差点没去澳大利亚
I was about to go look for you.	我刚才正要找你
I'm wet.	我湿了
We have to do our best.	我们应该做到最好
We aren't young.	我们不年轻
Why should it be different?	为什么它应该要变得不一样
I understand your position perfectly.	我十分理解你的立场
I don't want to be friends with you.	我不想跟你交朋友
Bring your children along.	把你的孩子带来
We furnished the refugees with blankets.	我们提供了难民们毛毯
They armed themselves with guns.	他们用枪武装自己
He took it for granted that I knew the answer.	他觉得我理所应当知道答案
I'm as old as he is.	我和他同年
She can play the piano.	她会弹钢琴
There's no way to win.	没有办法赢
The man behind them is playing the piano.	在他们身后的男人正在弹钢琴
We've never had this problem before.	我们从前从没有过这个问题
I've lost my pen.	我把我的钢笔弄丢了
It took us a long time to decide what we really wanted to do.	我们花了很长时间决定我们真正想做的事
It's a long way to the station.	到车站的路程很远
I caught three fish yesterday.	昨天我钓了三条鱼
Who will look after your dog?	谁要照顾你的狗
Let's sit on the grass.	我们坐在草地上吧
She thought that he was wasting electricity.	她认为他是在浪费电
Tom, have you already eaten lunch?	汤姆
The world is changing every minute.	世界每一分钟都在改变
I have no recollection of seeing the man.	我没有见过那男人的印象
I was terribly confused by his question.	我对他的问题感到非常迷惑
Try it again.	再试一下
That book's over here.	那本书在这里
You thought I was through doing that, didn't you?	你还以为我作罢了
Everything is going horribly wrong for Tom.	对汤姆来说一切都开始错得离谱
Tom doesn't really love Mary.	汤姆不是真的爱玛丽
I was very impressed by his story.	我被他的故事感染了
I'll try to meet your wishes.	我会尽力满足你的愿望
Paris is one of the largest cities in the world.	巴黎是世界上最大的城市之一
Tom said he wanted to cry.	汤姆说他想哭
We defeated the enemy.	我们战胜了敌人
The matter has not been settled yet.	问题还没有解决
When I heard the news, I wanted to cry.	当我听到这个消息时
My aunt made a new skirt for me.	我阿姨做了一条新裙子给我
I deleted the app.	我删除了这个应用
Tom and I have known each other for a long time.	汤姆和我相识很久了
Is it true?	是真的吗
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then it's no big deal.	如果你想去
I'm so tired!	我好累啊
He was attracted to the woman.	他被那个女人吸引住了
I'm taking care of my grandfather.	我照顾我的爷爷
Come in, the door's open.	进来
He is a man of few words, but he always keeps his promise.	他这个人话不多
I'm playing football now.	我现在正在踢足球
I looked in the cupboard.	我瞧了瞧橱柜
I didn't sing.	我没唱歌
He hasn't come already, has he?	他并没有来
I'm going to bed. Good night.	我要睡了
This mountain is snow-covered the entire year.	这座山全年覆盖着雪
Did you get up early?	你起床早吗
Can you eat this?	这个能吃吗
He likes French more than German.	他喜欢法语胜过德语
Please wait on him first.	请先等他
We met at two in the afternoon.	我们今天下午两点见得面
Tom didn't know how to control himself.	汤姆不知道怎么控制住自己
Let me have a look at it.	让我看看它
It's going to rain, for sure.	要下雨了
Can you do bookkeeping?	你会记帐吗
Will six o'clock suit you?	六点钟你方便吗
Tom said he thought that he should study French.	汤姆说他认为他该学法语
Were you able to do it?	你有能力去做这个吗
Automobiles are made in factories.	汽车在汽车工厂里生产
I need you to promise that you'll do what I ask you to do.	我需要你承诺你会照我说的话去做
I always rely on him in times of trouble.	我在困难时总是依赖他
I don't think it's going to be easy to find Tom.	我认为
My team is always losing.	我们队从来就没赢过
"When will you come back?" "It all depends on the weather."	“	你什么时候回来
I want to eat pizza tonight.	我今晚想吃些批萨
Tom asked a few questions.	汤姆问了几个问题
Everybody is laughing.	每个人都在笑
It was Tom that saved the girl.	是汤姆救了这个小女孩
There's a picture on the wall.	墙上有一幅画
Don't you like my yellow scarf?	你不喜欢我的黄围巾吗
Send for a doctor at once.	立即送医
Open fire!	开火
Lend me some money if you have any.	你有钱的话
It's impossible to predict earthquakes.	预测地震是不可能的
I'd like to change my reservation.	我想更改我的预订
Tom is the one that has been waiting the longest.	汤姆是等了最长时间的人
He said he was tired, so he would go home early.	他说他累了
I appreciate your help in clarifying this.	感谢你帮我解释明白
We laughed.	我们笑了
They are happy with the result.	他们对结果很满意
The teacher lined the children up in order of height.	老师按照身高给孩子们排队
By the way, what is your address?	对了
The police will put you behind bars.	警察会把你关在牢里
Everybody knows that he is honest.	大家都知道他是诚实的
It's true.	这是真的
Where are the elevators?	电梯在哪里
I'd like to put some things in the hotel safe.	我想在酒店的保险柜里存点东西
I filled the bucket with water.	我在桶子里装满了水
Tom asked Mary to stop working.	汤姆要求玛丽停止工作
I forgot it in the garage.	我把它忘在车库里了
We don't have any ice.	我们没有冰激凌
This airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time.	这架飞机一次可以携带
I'll scold him.	我会责备他
Tom is your brother.	汤姆是你的兄弟
I can't stand this noise.	我不能忍受这个噪音
I want a massage. I need to relax.	我想要按摩
He was afraid of being laughed at.	他怕被嘲笑
Our train stopped suddenly.	我们的火车突然停了下来
She doesn't have the ticket.	她没有票
The kidnappers showed no sign of giving up.	这些绑匪没有放弃的迹象
I saw a woman in black.	我看到了一个穿黑衣服的女人
Tom told me he was coming back.	汤姆告诉我他正在回来
Coffee, please.	我要咖啡
Tom is almost six feet tall.	汤姆差不多有六呎高
Are you good at math?	你数学好吗
Tom still drinks, but not as much as he used to.	汤姆还是喝
Quit talking, will you?	不要说话
I feel like I'm going to faint.	我觉得我快昏倒了
It's fun to learn slang words in foreign languages.	学习外语里的俚语很有趣
My aunt made a new skirt for me.	我婶婶做了一条新裙子给我
Let's go and swim in the river.	让我们去河里游泳吧
Tom is exaggerating.	汤姆在吹嘘
I'm on Tom's side.	我站在汤姆一边
Tom has been on the wanted list for three years.	汤姆已经上通缉令三年了
I have to give back the book before Saturday.	我必须在礼拜六之前把书还回去
I've recently given up smoking.	我最近戒烟了
The dog went away.	这只狗跑走了
Yesterday, I read a really interesting story.	昨天
He hid in the bushes so that they would not see him.	他藏身在灌木中以免他们发现
I'm not afraid to die.	我不怕死
This is an interesting book, isn't it?	这是本有趣的书
That's my sole concern.	这是我唯一关心的
Who's behind it?	幕后操纵者是谁
I just need a break.	我只想休息一下
We love our school.	我们爱我们的学校
You'll learn how to do it sooner or later.	你迟早会学会怎么做
He was made a fool of by his neighbors.	他被他的邻居们愚弄了
Tom was admiring my new car at the time the truck crashed into it.	在汤姆欣赏我的新车的同时
This is Tom's umbrella.	这是汤姆的雨伞
She's correct for sure.	她的确是正确的
He is living abroad at the moment.	他现在住在国外
Tom poured cold water over himself to wake himself up.	汤姆给自己浇凉水以清醒过来
Aren't you happy?	你不快乐吗
I filled up the vase with water.	我倒水进去花瓶里
Don't you like baseball?	你不喜欢棒球吗
I talked to him on the telephone yesterday night.	我昨晚跟他通电话了
Do you want to see the house?	你想看房子吗
I'd like to go abroad one day.	我想有一天去国外
Would you lend me some money?	你可以借我一些钱吗
He is an expert at fishing.	他是捕鱼达人
He nodded encouragingly.	他点头以示鼓励
Tom has decided to become a monk.	汤姆
My sister and I went to the castle.	我和妹妹去了城堡
Please hurry.	请抓紧时间
You're really brave, aren't you?	你很勇敢
Thanks for calling me.	谢谢你给我打电话
She is good at playing the piano.	她擅长弹钢琴
She used to play tennis on Sunday.	她以前在周日打网球
What we had to do was really quite simple.	我们要做的很简单
This cat doesn't chase mice.	这只猫不抓老鼠
The victim died at a hospital in Boston.	受害者在医院里死去了
The pastor is in the church.	牧师在教堂里
I brought up two kids all on my own.	我一个人把两个小孩扶养长大
When will it start?	什么时候开始
I was watching television when the telephone rang.	电话响的时候
What are they saying?	他们在说什么
He makes a living as a writer.	他靠写作谋生
Tom is more active.	汤姆更活跃
I don't feel like studying.	我没有强烈的欲望去学习
My father always speaks in a very loud voice.	我父亲总是说话很大声
I study French a lot.	我学了不少法语
Come and see me at eleven o'clock.	十一点钟来看我
If you bite me, I'll bite back.	如果你咬我
They came up with a plan after a long discussion.	他们终于在漫长的讨论之后得出了一个计划
No problem.	没问题
Do you like cats?	你喜欢猫吗
Do you like rain?	你喜欢下雨吗
Tom says Mary can't do that.	汤姆说玛丽不能做
I think Tom probably likes you a lot.	我认为汤姆可能很喜欢你
He has been teaching for 20 years.	他已经教了
I didn't recognize him at first.	起初我没认出他来
Tom swam.	Tom	游泳
Tom will try and stop me for sure.	汤姆一定会来阻止我
His new car is wonderful.	他的新车很棒
How could it be Tom's fault?	它怎么能是汤姆的错
Perhaps it was worth it.	可能是值得的
I am counting on you.	我指望你了
I go to work every day.	我每天去上班
The medicine worked marvels.	这药创造了奇迹
I'm on my way to the meeting right now.	我在前往会议的路上
The conference is to be held in Tokyo the day after tomorrow.	会议将在后天于东京举行
He is no ordinary student.	他不是个普通的学生
I took a picture of my family.	我为我的家人拍了照片
I think your basic theory is wrong.	我认为你的基本理论是错的
Do you want to get married first or have a child first?	你想我们先结婚还是先生孩子
Grandma likes watching TV.	祖母非常喜欢看电视
Was Tom with you?	汤姆和你在一起吗
Don't get involved with that guy.	别和这个人打交道
I want you guys to do me a favor.	我想要大家伙帮我个忙
How much does he earn in a month?	他每个月挣多少
Exercise is good for your health.	体育有益健康
I'm just worried about my weight.	我只是担心我的体重
Why didn't you read the magazine?	你为什么不读这杂志呢
I'm sad.	我很难过
They were all dressed in uniforms.	他们全部穿制服了
Somebody is eating.	有人在吃东西
You're in trouble now.	你有麻烦了
I just want you to come.	我只是想要你来
Tom appeared on television last night.	汤姆昨晚上电视了
Take mine.	拿我的
Tom is a clever kid.	汤姆是聪明的孩子
We have to find out where Tom is.	我们必须查明汤姆在哪里
We need Tom back.	我们需要汤姆回来
I didn't participate in the conversation.	我没有参与对话
It's not raining.	不在下雨
I work every day but Sunday.	我除了星期天外每天都上班
Everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time.	房间里的所有人都同时看了看自己的手表
I sometimes break the rules.	我有时候打破规矩
I have a friend waiting for me in front of the library.	在图书馆前有朋友在等我
We had a conversation about baseball.	我们交谈了有关棒球的事
I've got something you've got to see.	我有个东西您该看看
I think that everyone should study a foreign language.	我认为大家都应该学另外一种语言
None of the telephones are working.	所有的电话都不通
Your tripod is in my office.	你的三脚架在我的办公室里
Our eyes take time to adjust to the darkness.	我们的眼睛需要时间来适应黑暗
What do you think of this plan?	你觉得这个计划如何
I'll be on duty this Sunday.	我在本周日上班
Tom folded the paper before handing it to Mary.	在传给玛丽之前
Where are your things?	你们的东西在哪里
What do you do for a living?	您做什么工作为生
May I eat that cake?	我可以吃那个蛋糕吗
He will be coming to the party.	他会来参加派对
Were you in Boston for a long time?	你在波士顿待了很久吗
How is the weather there?	那里的气候怎么样
We made every effort to help him.	我们尽了一切努力来帮助他
I'll ride with Tom.	我要和汤姆一起骑车
I'm very sleepy.	我非常困
The problem is, he has no money.	问题是他没钱
Tom chewed on his pencil.	汤姆嚼铅笔
I don't mind lending you the money provided you pay it back within a month.	假如能一个月之内还上的话
Hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in Africa.	海明威喜欢在非洲的大狩猎
I like to eat apples.	我喜欢吃苹果
I was very confused by his questions.	我对他的问题感到很困惑
That's not important, is it?	那不重要
I stayed up late last night.	我昨晚睡得晚
Tom said he'd be willing to do this.	汤姆说他乐意做这事
I asked twenty friends to the party.	我请了二十位朋友参加派对
I've still got things to do.	我还有点事
Give me your phone.	给我你的手机
That's strange.	奇怪
He is a head taller than me.	他比我高一个头
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.	人们看待事情的角度不同取决于他们是富裕或贫穷
I'll admit I'm wrong.	我承认我错了
You don't need to work on Sundays.	星期天的时候
Mary didn't recognize her ex-husband.	玛丽没有认出她的前夫
What does Tom know about me?	汤姆知道我的什么
Tom is probably not very hungry right now.	汤姆现在应该不是特别饿吧
Yes, of course.	是的
Tom won't likely be grumpy again today.	汤姆今天脾气不太可能会那么坏了
She has beautiful handwriting.	她的笔迹很美
He is concerned about his father's illness.	他担心他父亲的身体
How often do the buses run?	公共汽车隔多久一班
You're no longer a mere child.	你不再只是一个孩子了
He was in prison on a charge of robbery.	他以偷窃罪入狱
She's a quiet person.	她是个安静的人
We didn't break in.	我们没有打断
Tom can't find his bag.	汤姆找不到他的包了
Please put the book on the shelf.	请把书放在架子上
You can swim, can't you?	你会游泳
That toy is made of wood.	这个玩具是用木头做的
Losing your health is worse than losing your money.	丧失健康比丧失金钱更糟糕
Someone ate all my cupcakes.	某人把我的杯形蛋糕吃完了
You're drunk.	你喝醉了
The two of you have ruined my life.	你们两个误了我一生
I've already visited Australia.	我已经游览过澳大利亚了
I have a few friends here.	我在这儿有一些朋友
He will travel abroad next year.	明年他要去国外旅游
Are you over 18?	你有
Let me stop you right there. We don't want to hear about that.	让我在这打断你
She pretended to be a student.	她假装是学生
The stream flows into the pond.	溪水流进这个池塘里
I'm proud of the work I've done here.	我为我在这里完成的工作自豪
I like bright colors.	我喜欢明亮的颜色
There are some strange animals in the zoo.	动物园里有很多奇怪的动物
Can you help me a little?	你能帮我一点忙吗
Tom didn't sound too worried.	汤姆听起来不太担心
She gave birth to a healthy baby.	她生下了一个健康的婴儿
Tom has been here since 2013.	汤姆从
I got a lot of mosquito bites.	我被很多的蚊子叮了
I don't really read newspapers.	我不太看报纸
What are your names?	你们叫什么名字
Tom likes cheese.	汤姆喜欢芝士
Tom laughed for no reason.	汤姆无故地笑
Would you like to eat lunch together?	要一起吃午餐吗
Is it going to snow tonight?	今晚会下雪吗
The total comes to 3,000 yen.	总共是
Mary helped her mother with the cooking.	玛丽帮她母亲做饭
I have a dream.	我有一个梦想
Married people sometimes wish they were single.	已婚的人有时候希望他们是单身
The news of his death spread.	他去世的消息传开来了
The walls are covered with blood.	墙上沾满了血
The audience was very large.	观众人数庞大
I admitted that I didn't know how to do that.	我承认我不知道怎么做
Tom is going to paint the fence tomorrow.	Tom	明天将漆栅栏
Do you like black cats?	你喜欢黑色的猫吗
I have brown hair.	我的头发是褐色的
I've been working for this newspaper for four years.	我为这家报社工作四年了
How did you accomplish this?	你是怎么完成的
We can take Tom.	我们可以带上汤姆
I'll wait here until she comes.	我会在这儿等著直到她来
He practiced every day at home.	他每天在家练习
Could you cancel my reservation?	你能取消我的预订吗
English is useful in commerce.	英语在商业中很有用
Do you share a room?	你共住一个房间吗
You're not allowed in this room.	你不能进这个房间
Are you a teacher?	你是不是老师
It's foggy out.	外面起雾了
This book is too expensive for me.	这本书对我而言太贵了
She extended her stay by five days.	她延长停留五天
She works with single-minded determination.	她一心一意地工作
The road is too narrow for cars.	这条路太窄汽车无法通行
He wants to go to America.	他想去美国
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.	她被要求去说服他以让他或者他的儿子或者是别的人来粉刷屋子
We work every day but Sunday.	我们除了周日每一天都工作
There's a bottle of white wine in the refrigerator.	冰箱里有一瓶白葡萄酒
Please get me a scrap of paper.	请给我一张废纸
It's pitch black outside.	外面一片漆黑
Tom is taking a day off.	汤姆在休一天假
My French isn't good enough.	我的法语说得不够好
She rides a motorcycle well.	她骑摩托车的技术不错
I've always been proud of you.	我一直为您骄傲
Tom has been lying all along.	汤姆一直在说谎
Losing one's health is worse than losing money.	丧失健康比丧失金钱更糟糕
They can't hear me either.	他们也不能听见我说话
I'm pretty sure Tom is the only one who can tell us what we need to know.	我很确定
Nobody is too old to learn.	没有人会因为太老而不能学习
Can you please give me something to do?	请问你能给我点事做吗
My grandmother suffers from osteoporosis.	我奶奶患有骨质疏松症
Follow us.	请跟着我们
I would like to do more.	我想做更多
I waste a lot of time daydreaming.	我浪费了很多时间作白日梦
They made the novel into a drama.	他们把这本小说变成戏剧
I recognised him immediately.	我马上就认出了他
I want to leave this difficult job to her.	我想让她干这项艰难的工作
She's still dependent on her parents.	她是啃老族
She gave the door a gentle push.	她轻轻地推了门
My hand was burned.	我的手烧伤了
My house is very near the park.	我的房子靠近公园
It might rain.	可能会下雨
I try not to think about it.	我试著不去想了
I like the cold.	我喜欢寒冷
Dad bought me a camera.	爸爸给我买了一个照相机
He was too drunk to drive home.	他喝酒醉无法开车回家
The clock stopped.	钟停了
All of his family work on a farm.	他全家都在农场工作
What happened in the park?	公园里发生了甚么
Feel free to ask any questions.	尽管提问
He saw a dog near the door.	他在门附近看到了一只狗
Tom couldn't read very well until he was thirteen years old.	汤姆十三岁以前读得不好
A fox isn't caught twice in the same snare.	一只狐狸不会两次掉入同一个陷阱里
Tom was the first to arrive and the last to leave.	汤姆最先来
Please don't interrupt me.	请不要打断我
I almost forgot my lunch.	我快把我的午饭忘了
I'm afraid he will never admit his guilt.	恐怕他永远也不会承认自己的罪行
Tom said that he'd leave the door open.	汤姆说他打算让门开着
Tom visits Mary every time he goes to Boston.	汤姆每次去波士顿都去看玛丽
It's over there.	在那里
It's not important.	这不重要
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.	获人赠马
I only spent three dollars.	我只花了三美元
It was cold in the infirmary.	病房里很冷
He was walking up the hill at a steady pace.	他迈着稳健的步伐登上了山丘
Tom is a politician.	汤姆是位政治家
I look forward to seeing you again.	我期待著再次见到你
He made me his own assistant.	他让我做他的助理
He broke his leg skiing.	他滑雪时摔断了腿
Mary came on her own.	Mary	自己一个人来
How many Chinese characters can you write?	你会写多少汉字
I'm sorry about being late.	对不起
His absence gave birth to all sorts of rumors.	他的缺席导致了各种谣言的产生
That woman is very beautiful.	这个女人很漂亮
I will give you whatever you want.	我会给你任何你想要的东西
I want to talk to your uncle.	我想跟你叔叔谈谈
Birds fly.	鸟类飞行
If you can't have children, you could always adopt.	如果你不能有孩子
My father is out.	我父亲出门了
When does it start?	什么时候开始
Carrots cost three dollars.	胡萝卜要三美元
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.	一个成长中的孩子如果没有充足的能量
A caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket.	笼子里的蟋蟀吃得跟野生的蟋蟀一样多
He put on the red jacket.	他穿上了红色的外套
He has more than five dictionaries.	他有五本以上的字典
What are you talking about?	你说的是什么
Wash your feet.	洗你的脚
Maybe I'll be able to help you.	我可能能帮你
I've been waiting for you since two o'clock.	我从两点开始一直等你
He doesn't know how to play golf.	他不知道如何打高尔夫球
I lost my way in the woods.	我在树林里迷路了
Would you like me to explain it?	我为你解释一下好吗
Thank you for inviting me to dinner.	谢谢你邀请我吃饭
Some of my friends can speak English well.	我的一些朋友英语说得很好
This place has a mysterious atmosphere.	这个地方有一种神秘的气氛
What's your favorite small town in Australia?	你最喜欢的澳大利亚的小镇是哪里呀
Do you share a room?	您共住一个房间吗
Tom changed into his uniform.	汤姆换上制服
Tom is insufferable.	汤姆令人难以忍受
I thought that you had to get up by 7:30.	我以为你要
Both brothers are musicians.	两兄弟都是音乐家
Which one are you referring to?	你指的是哪个
I need you.	我需要你
What do you want to be?	您想成为什么
When will it be ready?	这什么时候能准备好
We talked about yesterday's test.	我们谈到了昨天的测验
All their secrets have been revealed.	他们所有的秘密都已经被揭晓了
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.	你应该为你自己感到羞耻
It's really hot here in the summer.	这里夏天非常炎热
We went swimming in the river.	我们去河里游泳
I won't let him come here again.	我不会再让他来这里
It was so cold yesterday I stayed home.	昨天太冷了
She may come.	她可以来
It's our duty to obey the law.	遵守法律是我们的义务
Is this for sale?	这是要卖的东西吗
Do you really believe that's what happened?	你真的相信那发生了吗
What you said doesn't make sense.	你说的没有道理
They're ignoring me.	他们不理我
Can you help us?	你能帮我们吗
You can't live like this.	你不能这样活
I just heard something.	我只是听到了一些消息
He must be about forty.	他应该
Enjoy your holidays.	度假愉快
Tom likes to knit.	汤姆喜欢编织
Tom and Mary both know who you are.	汤姆和玛丽都知道你是谁
Make sure to turn off all the lights before going out.	出去之前确认一下所有的灯都关了
This is the real world.	这是真实的世界
Will you be at home this afternoon?	你今天下午会在家吗
She needs our help.	她需要我们的帮忙
I tried to change the subject.	我试图改变话题
You look just like Tom.	你看起来就像汤姆
When did you learn how to swim?	你什么时候学会游泳的
Get off my lawn.	滚出我的草坪
I'm starting to miss my girlfriend.	我开始想我女朋友了
They don't pay me enough.	他们给我钱没给够
Are you the one who did that?	你就是做那事的人吗
Could I get one more beer, please?	再给我一瓶啤酒好吗
Tom is resting at the moment.	汤姆现在在休息
He bumped his head against a post.	他的头撞到了一根柱子
You'd better go in person.	你最好亲自去
What was that meeting about?	那场会议主题是什么
Tom and Mary switched places on the bench.	汤姆和玛丽在长凳上交换了位置
It may snow in the afternoon.	下午可能会下雪
I want to see the movie.	我想看这部电影
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother.	汤姆叔叔是我妈妈的兄弟
He invited me to his house.	他邀请我去他家
He has just become a principal.	他刚成为一名校长
Is that your bedroom?	这是你的卧室吗
I said that.	我是那样说的
Don't be so pessimistic.	不要感觉那么悲观
He gave in.	他让步了
We enjoyed listening to the music.	我们喜欢听音乐
If you want to, you can use my car.	如果你愿意
I have a lot of bad teeth.	我蛀牙很多
She considered his offer carefully.	她仔细考虑了他的提议
I laughed.	我笑了
I've got a lot of questions.	我有许多问题
Tom, what would you like to have for dinner?	汤姆
Hasn't Tom told you anything?	汤姆什么都没告诉你吗
Are those explosives?	那些是爆炸物吗
Prices have dropped recently.	最近物价已经下降
What would you say to Tom?	你要对汤姆说些什么
I've just spoken to your French teacher and he says you're doing well in his class.	我刚跟你的法语老师谈过话
Nature is full of mysteries.	自然充满了神秘
We got him to carry our bag.	我们让他帮我们拿袋子
I wonder why Tom is so excited.	我奇怪为甚么汤姆那么激动
Tom doesn't speak much French.	汤姆说法语说得不太好
The dog is dead.	这条狗死了
Not a day passes without traffic accidents.	交通事故没有一天是不在发生的
He's a friend of my brother's.	他是我哥哥的朋友
I'm buying a new car.	我在买一辆新车
I don't feel much like talking.	我不太想说话
My passport has expired.	我的护照过期了
That's soft.	这很软
They say that old house is haunted.	据说老房子闹鬼
This is a matter of the utmost importance.	这件事至关重要
Tom says Mary isn't tired.	汤姆说玛丽不累
He has some money in the bank.	他银行里有点钱
I think we need a doggy bag.	我觉得我们需要一个打包盒
I play tennis in the park on Sunday.	我周日在公园里打网球
You just saved me a lot of time.	你省了我好多时间
I'm the type who gets nervous in front of people, so I'm bad at speech making.	我是那种面对人群很紧张的人
I wanted to become a philosopher.	我想成为哲学家
He left his luggage at the station.	他把他的行李留在车站
Why do you want to buy this book?	您为什么想买这本书
I go to school every day.	我每天都去学校
Have you ever seen sausage being made?	你见过灌肠的做法吗
This homework is difficult for me.	这个家庭作业对我来说很困难
At first, I thought I was sick.	一开始
This is a good book for children to read.	这是本对儿童有益的书
Apples were served as the dessert.	苹果被用来当作甜点
I think I drank too much.	我想我喝得太多了
Tom didn't buy any bread.	汤姆甚么面包也没有买
Are you brushing your teeth properly?	你正确地刷牙吗
You don't have to take an examination.	你不需要考试
I lost my luggage.	我的行李丢了
She loves her children.	她爱她的孩子
Who are you going with?	你和谁一起去那
Where did you get it?	你从哪得到它的
Tom is on the bus to the city.	汤姆搭公车去市区
Tom crushed the garlic.	汤姆捣碎了大蒜
Tom hasn't taken a bath in a long time.	汤姆很长时间没洗澡了
Do you still like me?	你还喜欢我吗
You're much less likely to get a good position if you don't speak English.	如果你不会说英语
I suggest that you don't trust Tom too much.	我建议你别太相信汤姆
I worked in a post office during the summer vacation.	暑假期间
It would take forever for me to explain everything.	要都解释的话
"Did you watch TV last week?" "No, I didn't."	“	上周你看电视了吗
May I help you?	我能帮你吗
I wonder which way is the shortest.	我想知道哪一条路是最短的
I can't stand the noise.	我不能忍受这个噪音
Please say hello to your family.	带我向你家人问好
I'm not a bit tired.	我一点也不累
I want more detailed information.	我要更多详细的讯息
Tom saw everything that happened.	汤姆见证了所有发生的事情
Tom isn't finished yet.	汤姆还没完成
You got here fast.	你来得很快
This seat's free.	这个座位没人
This is Mary's dog.	这是玛丽的狗
I'm studying several languages.	我在学几门语言
He took out his passport.	他拿出了他的护照
I cannot speak Japanese.	我不说日语
I've got a lot more to learn.	我要学很多
Don't tell anyone.	对谁都别说哟
Tom seemed surprised.	汤姆好像很惊讶
Where does it leave from?	它从哪里离开的
I am positive that he has finished.	我确信他已经完成了
I completely agree with you.	我完全赞同你
Rome is a city worth visiting.	罗马这个城市值得一游
Tom had to remind Mary to feed the dog.	汤姆必须提醒玛丽喂狗
I'd never done it before.	我以前从未做过它
Don't get an upset stomach by eating too much.	不要因为吃得太多而扰乱胃的正常消化
Let's go to a movie.	让我们去看电影
I really shouldn't stay any longer.	我真的不应该再呆下去了
Take a picture with your phone.	用你的手机拍一张照片
Please tell the truth.	请把真实的情况说出来
Cats don't eat bananas.	猫不吃香蕉
He told me that I looked pale and asked me what the matter was.	他跟我说我很苍白
Do you go to school by bus?	你搭公车上下学吗
This is expensive.	这很贵
Turn up the radio a little bit.	把收音机开大声一点
It sounds as if he were to blame for the disaster.	听起来好像他是这场灾难的罪魁祸首
Sitting down all day is bad for you.	整天坐著对你不好
When she was three years old, her father died.	她父亲在她三岁时死了
The boy went to bed with his socks on.	男孩穿着袜子就上床睡觉了
You look very tired.	妳看上去非常累
He translated the verse into English.	他把诗翻译成英语
Let's meet here again tomorrow.	让我们明天再在这里见面吧
I stood waiting for a bus.	我站著等公车
Why didn't you call me last night?	怎么你昨晚没有给我打电话
She forced him to eat spinach.	她强迫他吃菠菜
Tom always makes me laugh.	汤姆总是让我笑
He went by bicycle.	他骑脚踏车去
Tom is very talented.	汤姆多才多艺
I'm from Singapore.	我是从新加坡来的
Tom is a strong guy.	汤姆是个很强壮的人
What did you want to tell me?	你想跟我说什么
The roses in the garden are blooming.	在花园里的玫瑰正盛开著
Do you know how to cook meat?	你知道怎么煮肉吗
Don't look into my room.	不要往我房间里看
She doesn't speak Japanese at home.	她在家不说日语
I help my mother with the housework every day.	我每天都帮我妈做家务
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System.	木星是太阳系中最大的行星
Iron is a useful metal.	铁是种有用的金属
He had his socks on inside out.	他把他的袜子穿反了
What do you think of these poems?	你觉得这些诗怎么样
Tell me what you have in your hand.	告诉我你手里有什么
Tom had no family.	过去汤姆没有家
How's your project coming along?	你的项目进展得怎么样
I'm too sleepy to do my homework.	我太累了
It's hard to keep a secret from Tom.	瞒著汤姆很难
Stay out of the rain.	别被雨淋了
That's exactly what I've been telling Tom.	那就是我告诉汤姆的
I don't even want to try it.	我甚至不想试试
I'll be able to assist you.	我能协助你
There are 50 members in the club.	这个俱乐部有
My father died of lung cancer.	我的父亲死于肺癌
According to the weather forecast, it'll snow tomorrow.	天气预报说明天会下雪
I am going to play tennis.	我要去打网球
Everybody had a hard time.	每个人都遇到过困难
Did you check all the items on the shopping list?	你检查购物单上所有的项目了吗
Nothing is missing.	什么也没少
How much time does it take?	要多久
I didn't play tennis yesterday.	我昨天没有打网球
I'm getting more and more gray hair.	我的白发越来越多
Tell me how to solve the problem.	告诉我如何解决这个问题
What would you like for supper?	你晚餐想吃什么
The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941.	日本人在一九四一年十二月七日袭击珍珠港
I haven't made up my mind yet.	我还没有下定决心
This book sells well.	那本书卖得很好
It is raining hard.	雨下得很大
We're going downtown to eat pizza.	我们要去市中心吃比萨
I asked Tom what he was reading.	我问了汤姆在读什么
Leave me alone.	让我一个人待着
Can I ask you a question?	我能问您一个问题吗
What are you driving at?	你想暗示什么
You can sit wherever you want to.	你可以坐你想坐的任何地方
I wonder what else Tom wants.	我想知道汤姆还要别的什么
The train's here.	这班火车已经到了
We want two taxis.	我们要两辆出租车
Tomorrow's going to be a big day.	明天是个大日子
I hear you've got a new girlfriend.	听说你有新女朋友了
World War I broke out in 1914.	第一次世界大战于
I don't really like the stores there.	我不是很喜欢那里的商店
He has been in Hokkaido before.	他以前曾在北海道
I'm going to drop in on her next week.	下礼拜我要去拜访她一下
Aren't you going to call Tom?	你不是要打电话给汤姆吗
I'll try my best today, too.	今天我也会努力的
The girl is small for her age.	就她的年龄来说
I dreamt about you.	我梦到你了
He married a pretty girl.	他娶了一个漂亮的女孩
Tom doesn't want to talk to anyone.	汤姆不想跟任何人说话
I have two children away at university.	我有两个出去上大学的孩子
Could you tell me what I have to do?	你能告诉我该怎么做吗
Do Japanese people eat sushi every day?	日本人每天都会吃寿司吗
I recognized your voice right away.	我立刻认出了你的声音
He suggested that we go for a swim.	他提议大家一起去游泳
We had a late lunch at two.	我们在两点钟很晚才吃午餐
I will find you a good doctor.	我会帮你找个好医生
I get the feeling you're trying to tell me something.	我感觉你想告诉我什么事
The ship is not equipped with radar.	这艘船没有雷达装备
He does not like being punished.	他不喜欢被惩罚
I am an electrician.	我是一名电工
My father is shaving in the bathroom.	我爸爸正在浴室里刮胡子
Short skirts are already out of fashion.	短裙已经不流行了
People love to talk.	人们就是爱说话
Speaking foreign languages is not easy.	讲外语是不容易的
I saw Tom almost every day last week.	我上周几乎天天见到汤姆
Theory and practice should go hand in hand.	理论得联系实际
You should've come a little earlier.	你该早一点来的
What to do next is the question.	问题是下一步要做什么
I don't have time to go there today.	我今天没有时间去那里了
I couldn't understand anything that he said.	我不了解他所说的事情
To tell the truth, I don't like him.	老实说
They're watching a movie.	他们在看一部电影
Tom and I are almost done.	汤姆和我要做完了
What did you do with your shoes?	你把你的鞋怎么了
I can't stand this pain any more.	我不能再忍受这种痛苦了
I'm drinking milk.	我在喝牛奶
He is a DJ.	他是一个
I'm not tired right now.	我现在不累
I'd like to do more.	我想做更多
Let me do this for you.	让我为你做这件事
World War II lasted from 1939 to 1945.	第二次世界大战从
If I were to tell you all I know, you would be amazed.	要是我告诉你我所知的一切
I don't want to read this book.	我不想读这本书
Tom didn't understand what Mary really meant.	汤姆不知道玛丽真实的意思
He's the chairman of the committee.	他是委员会主席
She enjoyed herself at the concert.	她在音乐会上玩得很开心
I laughed at his joke.	他的笑话让我大笑了
Do you have a child?	你有孩子吗
He knows how to play baseball.	他知道怎么玩棒球
I relaxed at home last Sunday.	我上个星期天在家里放轻松
The bus is running about ten minutes late.	公交车晚点了十分钟
You can delete that now.	你现在可以删除它
I'd like to send this package to Japan.	我想把这个包裹寄到日本
Tom has asked us to help him.	汤姆让我们去帮他
You gave me only fifty cents.	你只给了我五十美分
I haven't met her.	我没有遇见她
Fasten your seat belt.	系上您的安全带
I need to know tomorrow.	我明天需要知道
This is a new experience for Tom.	这对于汤姆是新体验
There wasn't anybody in the house.	没有人在家
At first, I had no idea why.	起初我不知道为什么
I have no friends to play with.	我没有朋友一起玩
I wouldn't sell that at any price.	任何价格我都不会卖
He earns his living by writing.	他靠写作谋生
He called me a taxi.	他替我叫了一部计程车
He found the box under the table.	他在桌子底下发现了这个盒子
How come you don't know this?	你怎么会不知道
Why do you want to die?	你为什么想死
I could hear dogs barking all night.	我整夜都能听到狗叫
Cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult.	把蛋糕等分切开挺难的
Tom bought a pair of black leather shoes.	汤姆买了一双黑色皮鞋
He doesn't realise that he's tone deaf.	他不知道他自己五音不全
The faucet is leaking.	水龙头在滴水
He must have missed the train.	他一定是错过了这班火车
I sell flowers.	我卖花
Where're you going?	你们去哪里
What're your plans for the weekend?	你周末有什么计划
I ran away in a hurry.	我赶快跑走了
It is 7:45.	现在是
Why are you busy today?	你今天为什么忙
Have you ever traveled by plane?	你曾经坐飞机旅行过吗
How are you doing in school?	学校怎么样
I need help.	我需要帮助
Everyone's laughing.	每个人都在笑
You have no right to do that.	你无权那么做
People of all ages like this song.	这首歌老少皆宜
Speak clearly.	讲清楚
Have you had lunch yet?	你吃过午饭了吗
Don't interfere in my affairs.	不要插手我的事
This happens all the time.	这是常有的事
I burned the paper.	我烧了纸
There's no need to be gentle.	无需仁慈
Something may have happened to him.	他可能发生了什么事情
I'm tired of him bawling me out.	我厌烦了他对我说教
I am a student of this school.	我是这个学校的学生
Nobody gave us a chance.	没人给我们机会
I'll stay home.	我会待在家里
I was unable to complete the task.	我无法完成这个任务
It's too big.	它太大了
I've got no friends.	我没有朋友
Those houses are 500 years old.	那些房子有
My ex-husband no longer lives in this city.	我前男友不再住在这个城市了
He told me to speak more slowly.	他告诉我要说慢一点
You look very charming today.	今天你看起来很迷人啊
I listen to the radio every night.	我每晚都听收音机
He is always complaining.	他总是在抱怨
This is not a sentence.	这不是一句话
We still don't know why.	我们仍然不知道为什么
I can't do it.	我无法做到这一点
I'm at the airport now.	我现在在机场
Who is the author of this book?	这本书的作者是谁
Visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a Japanese house.	访客通常在进入一户日本人家之前会被要求脱鞋
You don't have to stay in the hospital.	你不必要呆在医院
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.	每次下雨屋顶就漏水
You can ask the child who's playing over there.	你可以问在那里玩耍的小孩
He tires easily.	他很容易觉得累
You should drink a lot of liquid.	你应该喝大量的液体
Tom has already hired a new lawyer.	汤姆已经雇了新律师
To my astonishment, my money was gone.	令我惊讶的是
A devastating earthquake hit the state capital.	一场毁灭性的地震袭击了这个州的首府
How was the interview?	面试怎么样
We are bound to each other by a close friendship.	友谊紧紧联系着我们
You should have shown him the device.	你应该给他看看这装置
He's already a man.	他已经是个男人了
There are more clouds today than yesterday.	今天的云比昨天的多
Where's your brother?	你的哥哥在哪里
He was brought up in Australia.	他在澳大利亚长大
Mary prefers to dye her hair blonde.	玛丽更想把头发染成金色
Because of the problem of air pollution, the bicycle may some day replace the automobile.	因为空气污染的问题
It's never too late to make amends.	弥补永远不会太晚
He lives in a village near Osaka.	他住在大阪附近一座镇上
My left eyelid is twitching.	我的左眼皮在跳
You and I are good friends.	你和我是好朋友
Have I changed that much?	我变了这么多吗
She picked flowers in the garden.	她在花园里摘花
I don't see much of him.	我不常见到他
I wouldn't try that again.	我不会再试了
Is it too late?	来迟了吗
Have you cleaned your room yet?	你打扫你的房间了吗
Tom has a big appetite.	汤姆胃口很大
Could you please pass me the salt?	请你把盐递给我好吗
Do you want to come in?	你想进来吗
I was surprised by his perseverance.	我对他的坚持感到很惊讶
She rarely goes out on Sundays.	她星期日很少出门
Bird watching is a nice hobby.	观察鸟类是个很好的业余爱好
Let's do it another time.	再找时间吧
I hope I make a good first impression.	我希望我能留下个好的第一印象
Japan is confronted with severe economic problems.	日本正面临著严重的经济问题
I'm reading a novel by Sidney Sheldon.	我在读一本西德尼谢尔顿写的小说
Aren't you going to go with me?	你不要跟我一起走吗
When did that happen?	这事是什么时候发生的
My mother is quite angry.	我母亲十分生气
This lake is deepest at this point.	这里是湖最深的地方
There are only three women in this class.	这个班只有三个女生
May I trouble you to shut the window?	可以麻烦你把窗关了吗
Tom has low blood pressure.	汤姆有低血压
I didn't want to humiliate you.	我不是想要羞辱你
Somebody has stolen my hair dryer.	有人偷了我的吹风机
I caught sight of a parade on my way home.	在回家的路上
She went down to the fifth floor.	她下五楼去了
I love to make people laugh.	我喜欢逗人笑
I don't know if I'll have time to do it.	我不知道我是否有时间做
You stink.	你身上发臭了
They wash their hands.	他们洗手
I gave Tom three cookies.	我给了汤姆三块饼干
You ought to thank him.	你应该感谢他
It is not easy to catch a hare with your bare hands.	空手赤拳抓野兔并不容易
Don't try my patience.	别挑战我的耐心
Thank you for your attention.	谢谢您的关注
Have you ever been to America?	你去过美国吗
One year has twelve months.	一年有十二个月
I still haven't heard from him.	我还没收到他的信
Please leave right away.	请马上离开
Today, I was supposed to study at the library but I woke up around 12 o'clock.	今天我本打算在图书馆学习
She rushed home with the good news.	她急忙带著好消息跑回家
How long have you been here?	你在这里多久了
The longer I stayed in Paris, the more I liked it.	在巴黎待得越久
Come again any time.	随时再来
The cost of living has risen.	生活费提高了
Have you been busy since yesterday?	你从昨天开始就忙吗
You should try this.	你应该试试这个
Innocence is a beautiful thing.	纯真是一件美好的事
It's just a cold.	只是感冒而已
How did Tom know?	汤姆怎么知道
What would you like to drink?	你们想喝什么
It's just around the corner.	就在转角处
It's snowing outside.	外面在下雪呢
He works from Monday to Friday.	他周一到周五上班
Tom is drunk.	汤姆醉了
Remember to cross your t's.	记得在字母
She made the same mistake as before.	她犯了和以前同样的错误
How could it be done without my knowing?	怎么可能在我不知道的情况下做完呢
I asked him to mend my shoes.	我请他修理我的鞋子
Would you like some salad?	你要来点儿沙拉吗
Give it another shot.	再试一次
We can't get close to the enemy.	我们无法接近敌人
The mountain has a beautiful shape.	这座山有一个美丽的外形
I was the happiest man on earth.	我曾是世界上最幸福的男人
You should get your hair cut.	你该去理发店了
The kids are picking flowers in the garden.	孩子们正在花园里摘花
It's well done.	做得很好
I hope I can see you at Christmas.	我期望能在圣诞节见到你
Where will the bus pick us up?	巴士会在哪里接我们
How much is it?	多少钱
It's a pleasure to have you with us again.	真高兴你又跟我们在一起了
I wonder what he's up to.	他葫芦里不知卖的是什么药
This is a very beautiful flower.	这是一朵非常美丽的花
Pretend you're me.	假装你是我
I overslept because my alarm didn't go off.	因为闹铃没有响
My neck hurts.	我脖子痛
Texas is nearly twice as large as Japan.	得克萨斯州约是日本的两倍大
I can't make any sense of this.	我完全不明白
We need to find Tom as quickly as we can.	我们要尽快找到汤姆
Why do you know that?	你为什么会知道
We're all going to die anyway.	不管怎样
Tom couldn't decide where to begin.	汤姆不能决定从哪里开始
That's a huge challenge.	这是一个巨大的挑战
Someone is standing behind the wall.	有人站在墙后
Everybody is immune to smallpox nowadays.	现今每个人都对天花免疫了
He killed that man.	他杀死了那个人
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.	金窝银窝不如自己的狗窝
I am six feet tall.	我六英尺高
The milk is sour.	牛奶酸了
I don't think I like this game very much.	我觉得我不太喜欢这游戏
That tree is on Tom's property.	那树是汤姆的财产
A cornered rat will bite a cat.	穷鼠囓狸
Should we use genetic engineering on people?	我们应该对人使用基因编辑吗
Do you have grandchildren?	您有孙子
What's your favorite item of clothing?	你最喜欢哪类的衣服
I hope I will have a chance to see you next time I'm in New York.	希望下次我在纽约还可以有机会见到你
Why does the US government let people have guns?	为什么美国政府让人们持有枪械
He is unfit to be a teacher.	他不适合当老师
May I try it on?	我能试一下吗
I have no idea who she is.	我不知道她是谁
I caught up with them soon.	我很快就赶上了他们
He always wanted to study Japanese.	他一直想学日语
Tom is sloshed.	汤姆醉了
Tom knew what Mary had done.	汤姆知道玛丽做了甚么
I'm relaxed.	我很放松
She identified him as the murderer.	她确认他是杀人凶手
Tom, have you eaten anything?	汤姆
It's my turn to do that.	轮到我做了
I'm afraid you misunderstood me.	恐怕你误解我了
Are there many animals in the zoo?	动物园里有很多动物吗
There are a lot of people in the park.	公园里有很多人
His room's a mess.	他的房间一片狼藉
May I borrow your bike?	我能借一下您的自行车吗
Here is a pan without handles.	这是个没有柄的平锅
There is a television in this room.	这个房间里有个电视机
He was absent at roll call.	他在点名时缺席
Tom continued his investigation.	汤姆继续他的调查
I promise.	我向你保证
Write on every other line.	每隔一行写
The weather is good today.	今天天气很好
Turn right at the first traffic light.	在第一个信号灯处右转
I nearly fell off the cliff.	我差点从悬崖上掉下去
I passed the city hall on my way to the station.	我去车站的路上路过了市政厅
Lie still.	躺着不动
He kept his promise and helped his brothers.	他履行了他的承诺
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan on going to Boston with you.	汤姆让我告诉你他没有计划和你一起去波士顿
Tom is in bed with the flu.	汤姆得了流感躺在床上
That wasn't so hard, was it?	那不难
Tom lost his job.	汤姆丢了工作
I've made some coffee for us.	我给我们煮了些咖啡
She always clears the table after a meal.	她经常在饭后收拾桌子
Tom doesn't like it when people cuss in front of his children.	汤姆不喜欢人们在他孩子面前讲坏话
Your answer is wrong.	你的回答是错的
I did everything by myself.	我全靠自己
Everyone knew that Tom's French was good.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
Let me try.	让我来
It's time to sleep.	睡觉时间到了
They were good.	他们不错
I can usually tell when someone is hiding something from me.	我常常能分辨出来一个人是不是瞒着我什么事情
We saw many ships in the harbor.	我们在港口里看到了许多船
I don't have the time or the money.	我没有时间
This is my problem.	这是我的问题
That accident was due to his carelessness.	那事故是他的粗心导致的
Don't distract me while I am studying.	我学习的时候不要打扰我
You'll bounce back.	你会东山再起的
This car needs to be washed.	这辆车需要清洗
Is that our problem?	那是我们的问题吗
A new school building is under construction.	一座新的教学楼正在建设
My TV has quit working.	我的电视已经坏了
Grab that.	抓住那个
Tom might be able to attend the meeting.	汤姆可能能参加会议
I won't be here tomorrow.	我明天不在这儿
I know how old you are.	我知道你多大了
I'm getting choked up.	我快要激动得说不出话来了
I'm not picky. I'll eat anything.	我不挑剔
What is that?	那是什么啊
You've made a mistake.	你犯了个错误
I know this hasn't been easy for you.	我知道这对于你不容易
It was just as I thought.	这正如我想的一样
I didn't want this.	我不想要这个
When did she break the window?	她什么时候打破了窗户
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car I want.	我认为我现在有足够的钱买我想要的那辆车
We are happy.	我们很快乐
That's my problem.	这是我的问题
Tom isn't a good person.	汤姆不是好人
He was snoring loudly while he slept.	他睡着的时候
I don't want to talk about this.	我不想谈论这个问题
The lights are out.	灯已关了
More and more people are moving to urban areas.	越来越多的人迁往市区
Thanks for the comment.	谢谢您的评论
How many oranges did Tom eat?	汤姆吃了多少橘子
Stop swearing, please.	请别再骂人了
She's asking how that's possible.	她问这怎么可能
The goods were transported by ship.	这批货物是由船只运送的
He's playing Tetris.	他在玩俄罗斯方块
Japan depends on foreign countries for oil.	日本依赖外国的石油
Do you think Tom will show up?	你认为汤姆会出现吗
I just need you to come with me.	我只要你跟我来
He has been studying for two hours.	他学了两个小时
Describe that accident in detail.	详细叙述一下这起事故吧
Give me a bottle of wine.	给我一瓶葡萄酒
You'd be surprised what you can learn in a week.	你会很惊讶你在一周内能学到的东西
Can you drive?	您会开车吗
Imagine that you have a time machine.	想象一下
The secretary was dismissed.	秘书被炒了
She came back an hour later.	一个小时后
Everything is bad.	一切都很糟糕
You talk too much.	你说太多了
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.	俄罗斯的贝加尔湖是世界上最深的湖泊
I hear that she's a famous actress.	我听说她是个有名的演员
I struggled to get out of the subway.	我挣扎着挤出地铁
"The good die young" is an old saying which may or may not be true.	“	好人不长命
Tom is drinking some water.	汤姆在喝点水
He works every day except Sunday.	除了星期天他每天工作
I was exhausted from work.	我工作累死了
Are you feeling tired?	你觉得累吗
I'm sorry for being late.	对不起
I thought he loved you, but as it is, he loved another girl.	我以为他爱你
Which one is my toothbrush?	哪把是我的牙刷
Your dog is very big.	您的狗非常胖
He has a lot of foreign stamps.	他有很多外国邮票
Are you ready to order now?	您决定好要下订单了吗
Leave him alone.	让他一个人待着
Don't worry.	你不要着急
Will you put down that paper and listen to me?	你能放下文件听我说吗
He didn't respond to my question.	他没有回答我的问题
We have a 20% share of the market.	我们的市场占有率为
We love Tom.	我们爱汤姆
How lovely!	多可爱啊
Some boys came into the classroom.	有些男孩走进了教室
Do people in your country eat rice?	在您国家的人是吃米饭的吗
There are almost no books.	几乎没有任何书籍
Don't talk to others during the class.	上课中不要跟别人讲话
It's very kind of you to help me.	有你帮我真好
It was so still that you would have heard a pin drop.	安静到连针掉在地上的声音你都会听得到
Obey your teachers.	要听老师的话
It's night.	是晚上了
When did you try hugging Tom?	你什么时候试着抱过汤姆
She cried her heart out.	她哭得肝肠寸断
He looks like his father.	他看起来像他的父亲
Many moons orbit around Saturn.	许多卫星绕著土星运行
What is the matter with you?	你到底怎么回事啊
Tom took the clock apart.	汤姆把钟拆开了
Where do the airport buses leave from?	机场大巴从哪里出发
He's always been living in Tokyo.	他一直住在东京
I can't put up with the heat any longer.	我受不了这大热天了
My stomach has been hurting.	我肚子疼
I had a little fever this morning.	今天上午我有一点儿发烧
She is getting married this fall.	她今年秋天要结婚
They know how to make an atomic bomb.	他们知道如何制造原子弹
A nurse took my temperature.	一个护士量了我的体温
They granted his request.	他们批准了他的请求
Lake Towada is famous for its beauty.	十和田湖以它的美丽闻名
You haven't been listening.	你没听
It's already eleven.	已经是
I'm exhausted.	困死了
You're even taller than I am.	您比我更高
Why are the police here?	为什么这有警察
He wants affection.	他要爱
Tom said that he thought that he should study French.	汤姆说他认为他该学法语
I have received a letter from a friend.	我收到了朋友的一封信
Is there a cat on the table?	桌子上有只猫吗
Who cares when she gets married?	谁管她什么时候结婚
I must repay the debt.	我必须偿还债务
For the teacher, teaching her was fun.	对教师来说
It turned out that I was right.	结果证明我是对的
How long did it take Tom to read this book?	这本书汤姆看了多久
We found the beds quite comfortable.	我们发现这些床很舒服
I like this dog.	我喜欢这只狗
I met him by chance on the train this morning.	今天早上我在火车上偶遇他
Sales fell off in the third quarter.	在第三季时销售跌了下来
The problem was very difficult.	这个问题非常困难
He told me his life's story.	他跟我讲了他的人生故事
No matter what you say, the answer is "no."	不管你说什么
Her only pleasure is listening to music.	她唯一的乐趣就是听音乐
Tom is a student.	汤姆是个学生
Tom nodded encouragingly.	汤姆点头以示鼓励
He came to Tokyo at the age of three.	他三岁就到东京了
I like your family.	我喜欢你的家庭
Thank you very much for the wonderful dinner last night.	非常感谢您昨晚美妙的晚餐
I like to eat.	我喜欢吃
Who wants hot chocolate?	谁要热巧克力
He never looks down on poor people.	他从未看不起穷人
Let's go indoors.	我们进屋吧
Tom is waiting for you in the conference room.	汤姆在会议室等你
I dropped my fountain pen.	我的钢笔掉了
Do you like music?	你喜欢音乐吗
He was in good spirits.	他精神很好
He was arrested for drunken driving.	他因酒后驾驶而被捕
The sky cleared up soon after the storm.	风暴之后不久
The girl has no mother.	这个女孩没有母亲
She liked him right off.	她立刻喜欢上他了
The clock has stopped.	钟停了
He studies much harder than before.	他比以前学得更努力了
She's fond of taking pictures.	她喜欢拍照片
He spent all night cramming for the test.	他通宵备考
I have to help my mother.	我必须帮忙我母亲
He is not religious.	他不信教
Prices are high.	价格高
Thanks for the memories.	感谢那些回忆
All plants need water and light.	所有的植物都需要阳光和水
He didn't answer the phone, so I sent him an email.	他没有接电话
They gave a big party for me.	他们为我办了一个盛大的派对
Wear whatever you want to wear.	穿你想穿的
It's amazing.	太神奇了
His quick temper will get him in trouble one day.	他的急脾气迟早会惹祸上身
Why worry about it?	为什么要担心
Selling cars is my job.	卖车是我的工作
Take the road on the right.	走右边的道路
He's leaving for China tomorrow.	他明天出发去中国
Three voted against the idea.	有三票反对这主意
They made straight for their destination.	他们直奔目的地
It's too loud.	它太大声
Tom ripped out the page.	汤姆把这一页撕掉了
I don't know where you want to go.	我不知道你要去哪
We enjoyed playing baseball.	我们喜欢打棒球
These apples look very fresh.	这些苹果看起来很新鲜
Water the flowers before you have breakfast.	吃早餐之前先浇花
What time did you go to bed yesterday?	你昨天几点睡的
Thanks for the updates.	谢谢提供新消息
"He used to love me," she answered sadly.	他以前爱我
Excuse me, I have to get off at the next stop.	对不起
He is lazy.	他很懒
What does this word mean?	这个词是什么意思
I don't think she can speak French.	我认为她不会讲法语
The mirror was shattered.	镜子被摔碎了
That car is really expensive.	那辆汽车真的很贵
Lunch is ready.	午餐好了
My car's in the shop.	我的车在店里修理中
The gang was planning a robbery.	这伙人计划抢劫
Did you write?	你写吗
Step out of the car and place your hands behind your back.	下车
I don't feel like eating anything today.	我今天不想吃东西
As far as I know, your letter is under that book.	据我所知
I have no friends.	我没有朋友
My house has a small yard.	我的房子有一个小院子
I like playing tennis.	我喜欢打网球
Tom is in the bathroom now.	汤姆现在在卫生间
According to TV news, there was a plane crash in India.	根据电视新闻
Tell Tom that I don't need his help.	告诉汤姆我不需要他的帮助
How was your summer vacation?	暑假过得如何
How much is four times six?	6	乘以
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.	兔子长着长长的耳朵和短短的尾巴
He wants more.	他想要更多
It's too soon.	太早了
Look at that tall building.	看那栋高楼
He came at three in the afternoon.	他在下午三点钟的时候来了
Some people like summer, and others like winter.	有人喜欢夏天
He used to get up early.	他以前很早起床
That's the man whose kids are so nice.	那个男人
Shall I close the door?	我应该把门关上吗
I happened to find the camera I'd lost.	我无意间找到从前弄丢的相机
Put your weapon down.	把你的武器放下
She gets good marks in English.	她取得了优异的英语成绩
I've never met him.	我从来没有见过他
Everyone hoped that she would win.	每个人都希望她会获胜
It was raining when we left, but by the time we arrived, it was sunny.	我们走的时候下着雨
I lost my watch yesterday.	我昨天丢了我的手表
We went to the races.	我们去看了比赛
Get away!	走开
We have a warrant to search your apartment.	我们有权搜查你的公寓
I stopped smoking for the sake of my health.	为了健康
It is not good for a scientist to get emotional.	对一个科学家来说
They left.	他们离开了
All you have to do is sit here.	你要做的只是坐在这儿
She used margarine instead of butter.	她用人造黄油代替了黄油
I found this at the risk of my life.	我冒著生命危险找到了这个
Don't pull my leg!	不要拉我的腿
Why did you come home so late?	你为什么这么晚回家
I'd like you to go there.	我希望你去那里
We're the problem.	我们就是问题所在
I got up early as usual.	我和平常一样起得早
She knows a lot about the latest fashions.	她很了解最新的时尚趋势
You should seriously consider working here.	你应该认真考虑在这里工作的事
School starts next week.	学校下周开学
I made it myself.	我自己做的
Although I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.	虽然我享受打保龄球
Tom did it again.	汤姆又做了一次
This is a hospital.	这是医院
Tom doesn't want to come.	汤姆不想来
I arrived later than usual.	我比平常晚到
He kissed his daughter on the forehead.	他亲了亲他女儿的额头
Here's your tea.	这是你的茶
What are you talking about?	你在说什么呢
My hands and legs are swollen.	我的手和脚都肿了
I got on the wrong bus.	我上错车了
You're a beautiful young woman.	你是一个美丽的女孩
Can you put up with the way he behaves?	你能容忍他做事的方式么
Mt. Fuji as seen from Suruga Bay is beautiful.	从骏河湾看
It is this window that he broke.	他砸坏的是这扇窗
The river flows under the bridge.	河从桥下流过
What were you and Tom doing yesterday?	你和汤姆昨天做了什么
You can hold my hand.	你可以握住我的手
What did you tell your boss?	你跟你的老板说什么了
I was brought up by my grandmother.	我被我的祖母抚养长大
They made me captain.	他们让我当了队长
How can I get in touch with you?	我怎么联系你
I think we should reduce the price.	我觉得我们得调低价格
He threw a rock into the pond.	他扔了一块石头到池塘里
Tom is consoling Mary.	汤姆在安慰玛丽
The party will be held outdoors, weather permitting.	若天气许可的话
He is a famous composer.	他是一位著名的作曲家
I need fresh air.	我需要新鲜空气
She is getting better day by day.	她一天一天地好转
It's self-evident.	这是不证自明的
He speaks both English and French.	他会讲英语和法语
I know who lives in this house.	我知道谁住在这房子里
That's what I hope.	我希望如此
The boy I love doesn't love me.	我爱的那个男孩不爱我
Let's go!	我们走吧
I won't stay here for long.	我不会在这里呆很久
Mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven.	玛丽把围裙系在她的腰上
You can have this watch for nothing.	你可以免费拥有这支手表
The nurse is not here.	护士不在这里
I don't know what you mean.	我不懂你什么意思
Got it?	知道了没有
I should put on more clothes.	我应该多穿点衣服了
Is Tom a good guy?	汤姆是好人
Look out!	当心
I don't do that as well as I used to.	我做得不如以前好了
Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.	富士山被雪所覆盖
Anyone can join.	谁都可以参加
It won't take so long.	它不会花很长的时间
She employed him as a programmer.	她雇用他作程式设计师
The organization furnished the refugees with food.	那个团体为难民们提供食品供给
Anything else?	还有别的吗
I can't afford a car.	我买不起车子
She goes to aerobics once a week.	她每星期去作一次健美操
He crossed the street.	他穿过公路
Tom has to do that again.	汤姆必须再做一遍
How about another beer?	再来一杯啤酒怎么样
I like walking alone.	我喜欢独自行走
Come whenever you want to.	什么时候想来就过来吧
How long have you been in here?	你来这里多久了
Tom is going out this afternoon with Mary.	今天下午汤姆和玛丽会一起出去
He always wears dark glasses.	他总是带着黑色眼镜
I have to reduce my expenses this month.	我这个月要减少开支
Why are you angry?	你为什么生气
Are you here on business?	你来这里出差的
I stayed up till very late last night.	我昨晚睡得很晚
Playing tennis is a lot of fun.	打网球很有趣
This is where Tom usually parks his car.	汤姆通常把他的车停在这里
She loved me in the same way that I loved her.	她爱我就像我爱她一样
Tom is a good guy.	Tom	是一个好人
Please give me a break.	饶了我吧
They hugged.	他们拥抱
The school is located within five minutes' walk of the station.	学校坐落于距离车站步行五分钟的地方
Two people can enter with this ticket.	两个人可以用这张票入场
You're the man I've been looking for.	你就是我一直要找的人
Monday is Tom's thirtieth birthday.	星期一是
I'd like a glass of water, please.	请给我一杯水
This one's still alive.	这一个还活著
What's your hobby?	你的爱好是什么
Would you like more coffee?	你想再喝点咖啡吗
What are you hinting at?	您在暗示什么
I found some money in the park.	我在公园里找到了些钱
I knew I was going to win.	我知道我会赢
This is a small town.	这是个小镇
Get serious.	认真点
May I play the piano?	我可以弹钢琴吗
I'm going to the park.	我去公园
She turned a page of her book.	她翻了一页书
Help yourself to a piece of cake.	你自己拿蛋糕吃吧
Can I use your pen?	我可以用你的笔吗
This theory is too difficult for me to comprehend.	这个理论对我来说太难了
I want to brush up my English.	我要温习一下我的英文
Be fair.	公平点
I wrote down his phone number.	我写下他的电话号码了
He takes a bath every morning.	他每天早上洗澡
I listened, but I didn't hear anything.	我听了
I'd take it as a sign.	我会把它看作一个征兆
He should have done it that way.	他该那样做完了
Everyone is talking about Tom.	每个人都在谈论汤姆
The youngest daughter was particularly beautiful.	么女长得特别漂亮
She got married at the age of seventeen.	她十七岁结婚
I've been coming to work one train earlier lately.	我已经搭了最近比较早一点的火车来上班
Would you like anything to drink?	你想喝点什么吗
Our country's climate is temperate.	我国是温带气候
How do you spell your name?	你怎么拼你的名字的
It's late.	很晚了
The man is wanted for murder.	这人因谋杀被通缉
Aren't there any qualified applicants?	没有合格的申请人吗
Would you pass me the salt, please?	请你把盐递给我好吗
I can do this myself.	我可以自己做
Will you drive me to the hospital?	你可以载我去医院吗
Tom dealt the cards.	Tom	处理了卡片
I'm tired of watching television.	我看电视看到厌烦了
Tom told Mary something she didn't want to hear.	汤姆告诉了玛丽她不想知道的事
Rome wasn't built in a day.	冰冻三尺
Please open the door.	请开门
I'm fixing the radio I found on my way home.	我在修理回家路上捡到的收音机
Tom says they need more time.	汤姆说他们需要更多时间
I can't take this pain anymore.	我不能再忍受这种痛苦了
I'll do my best not to disturb your studying.	我会尽量不打扰你复习
She rested her head on her mother's shoulder.	她把头垂在她母亲的肩上
That's why I called you.	所以我给你打了电话
I don't agree with you on this point.	这一点我不赞成你
Tom finally understood it.	汤姆最终明白了
You should go.	你应该去
She played the guitar and he sang.	她弹吉他
Is there an app for that?	有它的应用吗
It would be helpful if you could do that for me.	您那样做的话
What did you go to Kyoto for?	你为什么去京都
We must intervene.	我们必须介入
Don't be afraid of making mistakes.	不要怕犯错
Why am I still here?	为什么我还在这里
My brother lives in a small village.	我的兄弟住在一个小村庄里
Tom needs a change of scenery.	汤姆需要换换风景
Don't worry about the past.	不要担心过去
I don't like the food at that deli.	我不喜欢那家熟食店里的食物
His mother is an English teacher.	他的母亲是一位英语教师
I don't have time to play games with you.	我没时间跟你玩游戏
I only know him by name.	我只知道他的名字
I like grape jelly best.	葡萄味的果冻是我最喜欢的
I want to learn standard English.	我想学标准的英语
When did this happen?	这事是什么时候发生的
Tom will like this place.	汤姆会喜欢这里的
I think we need a doggy bag.	看来我们得打包了
Cheers!	干杯
I was taking a bath when the telephone rang.	在我洗澡的时候
The court declared him innocent on the charge of murder.	法庭对他的谋杀罪名作出了无罪判决
Who do you think we are?	你认为我们是谁
She knit him a sweater.	她给他织了件毛衣
Would you like anything else?	还有什么想要的吗
How old are you?	你几岁
You've done a lot.	你做了很多
Do you often travel abroad?	你经常去国外旅行吗
Tom said Mary should do that now.	汤姆说玛丽应该现在行动
Tom died two days after he moved to Boston.	汤姆在他搬去波士顿后的两天死了
He won everything.	他赢得一切了
Words express thoughts.	语言表达思想
What did you do yesterday evening?	你昨天晚上做了什么
This school was founded in 1650.	这所学校建于
They aren't dead.	他们没死
Her socks are gray.	她的袜子是灰色的
What did you do?	你做了什么
I haven't made much progress.	我还没有取得那么大的进展
I have a dictionary.	我有个字典
I told her what should be done.	我告诉了她应该做什么
They went to the station by car.	他们坐车去车站
Why are you being so secretive?	你为什么这么神秘
Have a nice day, Tom.	汤姆
I will be a doctor someday.	我有朝一日会成为一名医生
Tom got to Boston yesterday.	汤姆昨天到波士顿去了
Pass me the salt, please.	请把盐递给我
Not all red apples taste the same.	不是所有的红苹果吃起来味道都一样
Could you please sign the register?	请您在登记册上签名好吗
I prefer apples to oranges.	相对于橙子
It was sensible of you to follow her advice.	你听从她的忠告是明智的
Furniture made of good materials sells well.	用优质材料做的家具卖得很好
Tom also talked.	汤姆也说话了
The parking lot is free of charge.	停车场是免费的
Tom forgot to do his homework.	汤姆忘了做作业
I think you're a lot stronger than you know.	我认为你比你想象的更强
Where are you going to be?	你会在哪里
It wasn't as expensive as I expected.	它没有我想像的那么贵
She always takes her grandmother for a walk.	她一直带奶奶去散步
He came several times.	他来了很多次了
Tom was not apologetic.	Tom	并不觉得抱歉
I thought I was dreaming.	我还以为我在做梦呢
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.	我在想你今天会不会来
Do you like Japanese food?	你喜欢日本料理吗
My brother seems to enjoy himself at college.	我弟弟似乎在大学过得很愉快
You're a good person.	你是一个好人
There's a possibility you'll have to do that.	你有可能不得不那么做
This fish is delicious.	这条鱼很好吃
The light suddenly went out.	灯突然灭了
Children love Halloween.	孩子们爱万圣节
This hotel does not serve lunch.	这家旅馆不提供午餐
Will you please let me go now?	可否请你现在让我走
Pick up the phone.	接一下电话
I still love her.	我仍然爱着她
You're not even paying attention.	你根本没有注意
Tom's not going to be happy.	汤姆不会高兴
She is dieting.	她在节食中
On the whole, the event was successful.	整体而言
The book was published in 1689.	这本书出版于
Close your mouth.	闭上你的嘴
I'm much younger than you.	我比你年轻得多
She has a cottage by the sea.	她在海边有一个度假屋
The drug problem is international.	毒品问题是国际性的
Tom doesn't like women who wear too much makeup.	汤姆不喜欢妆化太浓的女人
I'd like you to come back next week.	我想让你下周回来
It's hard to tell Englishmen from Americans just by the way they look.	只凭长相的话很难区分英国人和美国人
They congratulated us on our victory.	他们祝贺我们的胜利
I'm sure they can hear us.	我确定他们能听到我们说的话
He was busy.	他很忙
The dress that Mary is wearing looks expensive.	玛丽穿的衣服看起来价格不菲
I like to travel.	我喜欢旅行
I'm going to swim every day.	我要每天去游泳
Justice will prevail in the end.	正义终将胜利
How long does it take?	要花多久时间
How old do you think she is?	你认为她多大
Many people are suffering from hunger around the world.	世界上许多人在挨饿
I know that you still want to be with me.	我知道你还是想跟着我
When I awoke, it was snowing.	当我醒来时
As time went on, rules were added to the game to make it safer.	随着时间的推移
I went to the zoo yesterday.	我昨天去了动物园
There is an apple on the desk.	桌上有个苹果
I'd be thrilled to do that.	我很乐意这么做
We had a chat for a while.	我们聊了一会儿
I know how to drive a car.	我知道怎么驾驶汽车
Move over.	腾一下地方
He lied to my face.	他在我面前撒谎
We watched the soccer game on TV.	我们看了电视上的足球比赛
What do you eat for breakfast?	你早餐吃什么
We have to look after our parents.	我们要照顾我们的父母
Are you guys crying?	你们在哭吗
We're going out tonight.	我们今晚出去
Japan is a leader in the world's high-tech industry.	日本是世界高科技产业的领头人
I'd like to go.	我想要去
It seems so familiar.	这看起来似曾相识
This car sells well.	这辆车卖得好
I expect your help.	我期待你的帮助
I haven't eaten for days.	我好多天没吃东西了
His scores are always better than mine, even though he doesn't study very much.	他的分数总比我高
A doctor was called in right away.	医生立刻被请来了
What's this?	这是什么啊
Mary said she would do her homework.	玛丽说她会做她的功课
I had a feeling this might happen.	我早就有感觉到这可能会发生
She translated the letter from Japanese into French.	她把信从日语译成法语
I always catch colds in the winter.	我在冬季总是感冒
I'm used to staying up late at night.	我习惯晚睡
We all miss you very much.	我们都非常想你
How time flies!	时间过得真快啊
What was it we were talking about?	我们那个时候讨论的是什么
It's not spring yet.	春天尚未来临
This is the most wonderful present I have ever received.	这是我收过最好的礼物了
Everyone in his family is tall.	他家的每个人都很高
Isn't that good enough?	那不够好吗
Clearly you are mistaken.	显然的
Why don't you hug me?	你为甚么不抱我
I'd like to know the phone number of the nearest American Express office.	我想知道最近的美国运通办事处的电话号码
Please write back soon.	请快点回信
You've gone too far.	你太过分了
Tom came a little earlier today than he usually does.	汤姆今天来得比往常要早一些
It's the truth.	这是事实
Your son is dating my daughter.	你儿子正在和我女儿约会
Please fill in this form.	请填写这份表格
My neck still hurts.	我的脖子还疼
Please tell me what to do.	请告诉我该怎么做
That's neat.	那很棒
The tigers escaped from the zoo.	老虎从动物园中逃出来了
Tell me when to begin.	告诉我什么时候开始
He's not an idiot.	他不是傻的
There's too much salt in this soup.	这汤里盐放多了
I have three times as many books as you do.	我有的书是你的三倍
They can wait.	他们等得了
Who was the letter written to?	信是写给谁的
Look up the word in your dictionary.	在你的词典查一查这个词
My father works at the factory.	我父亲在工厂工作
Are you interested in politics?	你对政治感兴趣吗
It's almost midnight here.	这里已经是午夜了
I want to go for a swim.	我想去游泳
They all went to the restaurant.	他们都去了这家餐厅
We have lots of catching up to do.	我们有很多事情要做
Father bought me the latest model motorcycle.	父亲给我买了最新型的摩托车
All of these books are mine.	这些书都是我的
Her father is an excellent pianist.	她的父亲是一位优秀的钢琴家
Where were you yesterday?	您昨天在哪儿
I want Tom to let Mary finish.	我希望汤姆让玛丽完成
These dogs are big.	这些狗很大
According to the radio, it will snow tomorrow.	据广播里讲
The whole process will take months.	整个过程需要耗费数月
She told him that she believed in astrology.	她告诉了他自己相信占星术
Are you free in the afternoon?	你下午有空吗
Let's begin with this problem.	从这个问题开始吧
I don't want to have this fight.	我不想打这架
Please have a drink.	喝点儿什么
She abandoned her children.	她抛弃了她的孩子
I had a strange dream last night.	我昨晚做了一个奇怪的梦
That river is long.	那条河流很长
Few things give us as much pleasure as music.	很少有东西像音乐一样带给我们这么多的快乐
He looked like a doctor.	他看起来像个医生
You'll get lost.	你会迷路的
Can you lend me your bicycle?	你能把你的自行车借给我吗
I can't adjust myself to the climate here.	我不能适应这里的气候
Yesterday was cloudy.	昨天是多云
He's started looking for a job.	他开始找工作了
How do you feel about the issue?	你对这个问题有甚么感受
Will you accept this job?	你会接受这份工作吗
Coffee will be served after the meal.	咖啡将会在餐后供应
It cost him 50 dollars to rent a car in Hawaii.	他花了
Say it in English.	用英语说
I'm not used to walking long distances.	我不习惯走很长的路
I want a new shirt. What do you want?	我要一件新衬衫
Please don't cry.	请你不要哭
Our wallets were stolen.	我们的钱包被偷了
It'll cost about 10,000 yen.	它将花费大约
The strong wind indicates that a storm is coming.	强风暗示著即将到来的暴雨
Feel this.	来感受一下这个
When can we eat, I wonder.	我不知道我们什么时候可以吃
May I go to the bathroom?	我可以去洗手间吗
She failed the examination and I was greatly disappointed.	令我非常伤心的是她考砸了
Please find a solution to the problem.	请找到问题的解决方法
She really wants to go.	她特别想去
We'll deal with it tomorrow.	我们明天处理它
The machine was coated with dust.	机器蒙上了一层灰
Tom held up a finger.	Tom	抬起一只指头
Money has changed his life.	金钱改变了他的生活
Tom said he didn't like air conditioning.	汤姆说他不喜欢空调
Only a few people understood me.	只有一些人了解我
I don't feel like eating anything.	我不想吃任何东西
I'm a free man.	我是一个自由的人
I see you found your bag.	我见你找到了你的包
You may use my dictionary.	你可以用我的字典
I will go on ahead.	我会继续前进
English is taught in most countries.	大部份的国家都教英语
Tom left his umbrella on the bus.	汤姆把他的雨伞忘在了公交车上
Do you play any instrument other than the piano?	除了钢琴以外
I want you to wear this.	我想让你穿这件
She was by far the best singer in the class.	她曾是班上唱歌绝对的第一名
I gave Tom one of those.	我给了汤姆其中一个
Could you please lend me thirty dollars?	请问你能借给我三十美圆吗
He does not have any friends.	他一个朋友都没有
The sky turned dark.	天暗了下来
You should stay at home today.	你今天应该待在家里
Is this your notebook?	这是你的笔记本吗
We invited him to our house.	我们邀请了他到我们家
Will you stay at home tonight?	你今晚会待在家里吗
Is anybody in there?	那边有人吗
Tom has lived here since 2003.	汤姆自从
I have a large collection of stamps.	我收集很多邮票
I didn't know who was going to meet me at the airport.	我不知道谁会在机场见我
I've never seen you so happy.	我从没见过你这么高兴
I don't have any children.	我没有孩子
I'm repairing the house.	我在修房子
The bus was ten minutes late.	公车晚了十分钟
Tom was on the list.	汤姆在名单上
The police didn't find any clues.	警方没有发现任何线索
Where are you from?	你是哪里的人
Can you speak French?	你会讲法语吗
Are you satisfied now?	你高兴了吗
What's the title of your new book?	你新书的书名是什么
I'm sorry, but it's impossible.	我很抱歉
Stop yelling!	别再喊叫了
Volcanic ash disrupted air travel.	火山灰阻碍航运
This town is quite different from what it was ten years ago.	这镇子跟十年前的它差别很大
I've decided to go a little further.	我准备再前进一点
No one's going to see us.	没有人会看到我们
Don't cry.	别哭
Nobody knows when the earthquake will occur.	没有人知道地震何时会来
Our team won the game.	我们这队赢得了比赛
Where is the Japanese Embassy?	日本大使馆在哪里
They must really hate me.	他们一定很恨我
How did you draw this picture?	你怎么画这幅画
Was there anyone in the room?	房间里有人吗
I will never forget your kindness.	我永远不会忘记你的好意
Tidy up the room.	整理一下房间
Tom is now a software engineer.	汤姆现在是软体工程师
It's OK.	没关系
Do you go to a private school?	你在私立学校读书吗
I thought that that was a great story.	我觉得那是个很棒的故事
Are you still living with your parents?	你依然和父母住一起吗
I'd like to have cake for dessert.	我想吃蛋糕当点心
I got a new pair of shoes.	我得到了一双新鞋
His pictures were hung on the wall.	他的画被悬挂在墙上
I am off today.	我今天休息
She has a view that is different from mine.	她持有与我不同的观点
All of a sudden, it began raining.	突然开始下雨
I cannot help wondering if he will come on time.	我禁不住想他会不会准时到
I heard the news on the radio.	我从收音机听到了这个消息
I played tennis.	我打网球了
Follow me into the room.	跟我进房间
The enemy launched an attack on us.	敌人对我们发起了攻击
I heard him go out.	我听到他出去了
Where does your grandfather live?	你爷爷住在哪里
Hunger is the best sauce.	对于一个饥饿的人来说
He's always smiling.	他总是在笑
I work in this building.	我在这栋楼里工作
I don't think my life is very interesting.	我不认为我的人生很有趣
They helped him get to Canada.	他们帮他去加拿大
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.	不冒险
He might not be happy.	他可能会不高兴
That's a shame.	那是一个耻辱
Some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old.	有些宝宝甚至在一岁之前就学习游泳了
If you need anything, let me know.	如果你需要任何东西
What are you concerned about?	你在担心什么呢
There's no rush.	不急
I just finished breakfast.	我刚吃完了早饭
He threw a stone at the dog.	他朝着狗扔了块石头
Only a fool would do something like that.	傻瓜才会那么干
We know the identity of Tom's killer.	我们知道了汤姆的杀手身份
I am a good boy.	我是一个好男孩
He's always at home on Sundays.	他星期日总是在家里
There's nothing good on television now.	现在电视上没有甚么好看的
Give me a cigarette.	给我支香烟吧
Haste makes waste.	欲速则不达
He comes back from Sydney today.	他今天从雪梨回来
I can't find my glasses.	我找不到我的眼镜
He went back to the store.	他回店里去了
As far as I know, he did nothing wrong.	据我所知
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read it.	我会说中文
You'd better relax a bit.	你最好休息一下
I fell asleep while reading.	我看书的时候睡着了
Children depend on their parents for food, clothing and shelter.	孩子们的衣食住行靠的是他们的父母
You don't like gambling, do you?	你不喜欢赌博
My wife is afraid to drive my new car.	我的妻子害怕开我的新车
I spoke with him about the matter.	我跟他谈过这个问题
We're preparing to do so.	我们准备去做
All Tom needs is a little more time.	汤姆只是需要多一点时间
I know why Tom is studying French.	我知道为甚么汤姆学法语
I have no idea why she got so angry.	我不知道她为什么如此生气
The importation of rare wild animals to this country is strictly prohibited.	该国严禁进口稀有野生动物
My father is a skilled fisherman.	我爸爸是个钓鱼高手
Do you want this T-shirt?	你要这件
Real friendship is more valuable than money.	真正的友谊比金钱更有价值
What can go wrong?	什么可以出岔子
His story can't be true.	他的故事不可能是真的
I'm tired of dancing.	我厌倦了跳舞
I had my bicycle stolen last night.	昨晚我的自行车被偷了
This must be my book.	这肯定是我的书
There are many birds in this forest.	这个森林里有很多小鸟
When did you begin studying English?	你们什么时候开始学英语的
Tom runs faster than me.	汤姆跑得比我快
The man kept talking for an hour.	这个男人连续说了一个小时的话
You ought to have come to our party.	你应该到我们的派对的
She goes to school on foot.	她走路去上学
Will it be much longer?	还要很久吗
I'm being patient.	我很有耐心
The damage is done.	覆水难收
You look as healthy as ever.	你看起来和以前一样健康
He will be back tomorrow.	明天他会回来
My older sister often drinks tea with milk.	我的姐姐经常就着牛奶喝茶
The law isn't always fair.	法律并不总是公平的
I've already done my homework.	我已经做了我的家庭作业
Is anybody home?	家里有没有人
He's at her side.	他在她的旁边
I'll be in trouble if the story gets out.	如果有人把事情抖出来
What just happened?	刚刚发生了什么
I like to read.	我喜欢阅读
What does Tom suggest?	汤姆建议了什么
Sorry I'm late.	对不起
English has become my favorite subject.	英语变成了我最喜欢的学科
I don't care what they say.	我不在乎他们说什么
Which is your book?	哪本是您的书
Hang your coat on the hook.	把你的外套挂在钩子上
Thank you very much.	非常感谢
Tom is testing me.	汤姆在试探我
She says he will not give up smoking.	她说他不会戒烟
They demanded that the mayor should resign.	他们要求市长辞职
The coral reef is the region's prime attraction.	珊瑚礁是这个地区的主要景点
Does this belong to Tom?	这是汤姆的东西吗
I'm afraid of death.	我怕死
Call home!	打电话回家
Call Tom now.	现在给汤姆打电话
Oh no!	不会吧
I was wrong.	我想错了
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.	当我在你这个年纪时
We'd better get a move on.	我们最好快点
Stay down!	趴着
It is very simple.	这很简单
You broke the rule.	你坏了规矩
The room is fully furnished.	房间里家具齐全
Actions speak louder than words.	行动胜于雄辩
That's wet.	那是湿的
I'm certain that Tom is the only one who won't do that.	我确信汤姆是唯一不会那么做的人
The children returned home at dusk.	夜幕降临时
I take full responsibility for the action.	我会为这次行动负起全责
Tom is no fool.	汤姆不是傻瓜
He's three years older than her.	他比她大三岁
Do you miss me?	你想我吗
This pencil is better than that one.	这支铅笔比那只好
We played soccer yesterday.	我们昨天踢了足球
Tom is probably still studying French.	汤姆可能还在学法语
This is my bike.	这是我的自行车
Only then did he realize he had been deceived.	直到那时
Keep on smiling.	保持微笑
At home, we speak only French.	在家里
How many years did Tom work here?	汤姆在这里工作了几年
Don't open this door, please.	请不要打开此门
My parents are divorced.	我父母离婚了
Do you like to eat fruit?	你喜欢吃水果吗
I think I'll go by bus.	我认为我要坐巴士去
You ought to keep your promise.	你应该信守诺言
Throw it away.	扔掉
Would you like another cup of tea?	你想再要杯茶吗
I trust him.	我信赖他
How long has it been since you saw your girlfriend?	你跟你的女朋友见面以来有多久了
I can't keep up with you.	我无法跟上你
I'm sorry, I don't have change.	不好意思
I must have caught a cold.	我肯定着凉了
I like this picture, not just because it's famous, but because it really is a masterpiece.	我喜欢这幅画
A day without laughter is a day wasted.	没有笑声的一天肯定是最为虚度的一天
Tom is the only guy in this class.	汤姆是这个班级里唯一的男生
In case of fire, call 119.	遇到火警时
I'm proud of you.	我以你为荣
Women eat lighter meals when they're eating with a guy.	当女性跟一个男人吃饭时
I'm not used to drinking coffee without sugar.	我不习惯喝无糖咖啡
It's just started raining.	刚开始下雨
I used to have a friend named Tom.	我曾有个朋友叫汤姆
Tom and his friends played basketball all afternoon.	汤姆和朋友们打了整个下午篮球
I usually stay indoors on Sunday.	星期天我通常待在家里
Tom will probably be there.	汤姆可能会去那里
He asked that we be silent.	他要求我们安静
Everyone attacked my opinion.	每个人都抨击我的意见
Answer the telephone, will you?	请你接听一下电话
She almost passed out.	她几乎喝晕了
He is good at golf.	他高尔夫球打得好
Do not give in to those demands.	不要屈服于这些要求
I agree with you on this point.	我同意你这一点
What exactly does Tom do?	汤姆究竟在做什么
She might come.	她也许会来
That dog is big.	这只狗很大
Tell me what to do with it.	告诉我拿它做什么
I'm very interested in jazz.	我对爵士乐很有兴趣
She gave birth to her first child at twenty years old.	她在二十岁的时候生下第一个孩子
My mother makes the best cakes in the world.	我母亲做的糕饼是这世上最好的
Do you play the guitar?	你们弹吉他吗
I don't have a computer at home.	我家没有电脑
You go to school, don't you?	你去上学
Let me do that for you.	让我为您做这件事
I don't care.	我无所谓
The job offer still stands.	这份工作录取仍然有效
Does he study English every day?	他每天研读英语吗
Tell me about it!	跟我讲讲那件事
Tom has no one to turn to for help.	汤姆没有能求助的人
Why do you think that I'm thinking about you?	你为什么会认为我在想你
Where were you?	之前你在哪里
Tom asked Mary to buy a gift for John.	汤姆叫玛丽买一份礼物给约翰
You should apologize for your rudeness.	您该为您的粗鲁道歉
It's fun to travel.	旅行是乐事
The lady tolerated the man.	那女士容忍了那男人
Tom is coming to my house tonight.	今晚汤姆会来我家哦
It's a good thing to read good books when you are young.	年轻的时候多看点好书是件好事
It's very hot today.	今天很热
Everything's ready.	一切就绪
I am a bachelor.	我单身
The wind is blowing from the east.	风从东方吹来
Tom is a good worker.	汤姆是个好工人
He kept me waiting all morning.	他让我等了整整一上午
There's probably been a traffic accident.	可能是发生交通事故了吧
Tom has been under a great deal of strain lately.	汤姆最近压力特别大
You've got to apologize.	你应该道歉
His help has been invaluable.	他的援助真是雪中送炭
I'm playing a TV game.	我在玩电视游乐器
Please put your shoes on.	请穿上你的鞋子
Are you happy now?	你现在高兴吗
I am not going anywhere on Sunday.	我周日哪里也不去
Do you have any idea where Tom could be?	你知道汤姆能在哪里吗
It has nothing to do with you.	和你无关
My brother takes care of our dog.	我弟弟照顾我们的狗
His laziness is a bad sign for the future.	他的懒惰是他未来不好的预兆
Has he arrived yet?	他到了吗
There isn't any film in this camera.	这个相机里没有胶片
Tom wrote the report all by himself.	汤姆全靠自己写报告
Use it or lose it.	使用它或失去它
I'll give you a ring tomorrow morning.	明天早上我会打电话给你
When does your new store open?	你的新商店什么时候开张
Have you finished your work?	你完成你的工作了吗
Why do you want to leave today?	你们为什么想今天走
I was in Tokyo yesterday.	我昨天在东京
I heard an unusual sound.	我听到一个不寻常的声音
Tom used to wear glasses.	汤姆以前戴眼镜
I wish you good luck.	祝你好运
Somebody's got to do something.	得有人做点什么
At this point, he arrived.	在这时候
My parents sent me a postcard.	我父母给我寄了一张明信片
I'm here, so do you want to chat?	我在这
When did you go to bed last night?	你昨天几点睡的
I saw a cottage in the distance.	我看见远处有一间小屋
Indigenous Australians have eaten kangaroos for millennia.	澳大利亚土著已经吃了上千年袋鼠
I will do my best.	我会尽力而为
I'm a stranger here myself. I'm afraid I can't help you.	我对这里不熟
I saw them walking arm in arm.	我看见他们胳膊挽着胳膊地走路
I want to become a teacher of Japanese.	我想成为日语老师
He was just on the verge of going to sleep.	他快要睡了
They would've been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.	车子若是掉落悬崖他们早就没命了
There were two bridges.	那里有两座桥
Tom wanted to comfort Mary.	Tom	是想着去安慰
Leave more space between the lines.	行与行之间多留些空间
I don't expect anything from you.	我不指望从你身上得到什么
I prefer coffee to tea.	我喜欢咖啡胜过茶
Please return the book by tomorrow.	请明天前还书
Is it all right if I call you Tom?	我可以叫您汤姆吗
Thanks to both of you.	感谢你们两位
He extended his right arm.	他伸长了他的右手
Please wait a little while.	请稍等一下
The more books you read, the more you'll know.	你看的书越多
How about tomorrow night?	明晚怎么样
The policeman seized the boy by the arm.	警察抓住了那个男孩的手臂
I don't sleep well.	我睡不好
Tom has never been willing to help us before.	汤姆以前从不这样愿意幚我们
Lawyers are all liars.	律师都是骗子
I'm running out of ideas.	我没主意了
I know what I'm doing.	我知道我在做什么
Terrific!	很棒
I think that our living together has influenced your habits.	我觉得我和你一起住影响了你生活的方式
He speaks ten languages.	他会讲十门语言
I can't distinguish him from his brother.	我分不清他和他的弟弟
My horse is white.	我的马是白色的
In that case, let's go.	那么
I'm afraid I must say goodbye.	恐怕我必须说再见了
Please tell the truth.	请把事实说出来
Time for dinner.	吃饭时间到了
Let's drink coffee while we talk.	让我们边喝咖啡边谈
How much is your monthly gas bill?	你每个月的瓦斯费多少钱
My mom doesn't speak English very well.	我妈妈英语说得不太好
Eat up all your spinach!	把你的菠菜都吃掉
Shut the door, please.	请关门
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?	你一天照几次镜子
Please answer this question for me.	请回答我这个问题
I knew this day was coming.	我知道这天要来
He is going to be a doctor when he grows up.	他长大了会成为一名医生
I'm in absolutely total agreement.	我完全同意
The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise.	猫被陌生的噪音惊吓到了
Did Tom reply?	汤姆有回应了吗
Did you see it?	您看见它了吗
Mary grabbed her purse and left.	Mary	霸占了她的包包并且离开了
Tom asked me if I was tired.	汤姆问我我是不是累了
I wish I could figure out how to disable comments on my blog.	但愿我能找到在我的博客上屏蔽评论的办法
The picture is nice.	这画不错
Get real.	醒醒吧
Go home.	回家吧
They didn't pay me.	他们没付我钱
Answer the question.	回答问题
You don't need to answer that letter.	没有必要回那封信
That isn't important to me.	那对我不重要
My uncle gave his car to me.	我叔叔把他的车给我
Let's meet in front of the theater.	让我们在戏院前面碰面
Few students knew his name.	很少学生知道他的名字
I have the same trouble as you have.	我有跟你同样的麻烦
He lied to us.	他欺骗了我们
I don't think that anyone was satisfied.	我不认为每个人都满意这件事
I think you're quite right.	我认为你说得很对
I really agree with you.	我非常同意你
These tools are used for building a house.	这些工具是用来造房子的
I'm afraid of heights.	我恐高
Tom's intentions were quite clear.	汤姆的目的很明显
I trust that I can see you again.	我相信我能再见到你
He plays golf two or three times a month.	他一个月玩两到三次高尔夫
Did you drink tea yesterday?	你昨天喝茶了吗
The child's body felt feverish.	这个小孩身体很烫
I'm concerned about Tom.	我在为汤姆担心
Tom promised to try again.	汤姆答应再试一次
Tom got tired.	汤姆累了
Don't you know what happened yesterday?	你不知道昨天发生什么事吗
I've lost patience with Tom.	我对汤姆失去了耐心
I'm sorry to have disturbed you.	对不起打扰你了
I barely escaped being hit by the truck.	我差点被卡车撞上
He deposited the prize money in the bank.	他把奖金存到银行了
How can I reach you?	我怎样才能连络到你
He was seen to go upstairs.	有人看见他上楼
Let me try it.	让我试试
She likes oranges.	她喜欢柳橙
Everyone's tired of hearing that story.	每个人都听腻了那个故事
I've always wanted to do that.	我一直都想去做
Where's the nearest train station?	最近的火车站在哪里
This paragraph is vague.	这一个段落是模糊不清的
Follow that car.	跟上那辆车
These are my pencils.	这些是我的铅笔
Ask him where he parked his car.	问问他把他的车停在那里
I paid him a visit yesterday.	我昨天去见他了
The senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee.	议员受到了议会道德委员会的谴责
We didn't stay home yesterday.	我们昨天没有待在家里
I am staying with a friend.	我和一位朋友住在一起
The refrigerator is open.	冰箱开著
I know the truth.	我知道真相
Try to avoid making any more trouble.	尽量避免制造任何更多的麻烦
I'm not as optimistic as you are.	我没有你那么乐观
The boy made his parents happy.	这个男孩让他的父母高兴
Tom took out his key and opened the door.	汤姆掏出钥匙开了门
This is my friend.	这个是我的朋友
There's no time for explanation.	没时间解释
Try to keep from crying.	试著不要哭
Tom doesn't have a microwave oven.	汤姆没有微波炉
There was no furniture in that room.	那个房间里没有家具
Tom wasn't as handsome as Mary said he was.	汤姆并不是玛丽说得那样英俊
Let's draw lots to decide who goes first.	来抽签决定谁先走吧
I seem to have a temperature.	我好像发烧了
Could you take a picture of us?	您能好好给我们照一张相吗
English is by far the most widely-spoken language in the world.	英语是目前在世界上使用最广泛的语言
I didn't get the joke.	我没明白那个笑话
It's 7:45.	现在是
I'll be back before lunch tomorrow.	我会在明天午饭前回来
Wait a moment.	请稍等
I am okay.	我没事
She got over the shock of her father's death.	她从她父亲过世的震惊中恢复了
I can see you're good at this.	我看你擅长做这事
I love this car.	我爱这台车
This turtle is really old.	这只乌龟很老了
Tom probably knows why the meeting was postponed.	汤姆大概知道会议延期的原因
Tom didn't want to come.	汤姆不想来
Don't miss this chance.	不要让机会溜走
I don't wish to harm you.	我不想伤害你
I don't think Tom will go to Boston next weekend.	我不认为汤姆下周会去波士顿
My plan is to spend the New Year's holiday in Australia.	我打算在澳大利亚过新年
Leave me alone!	别烦我
I heard someone calling my name.	我听见有人叫我的名字
The show was wonderful, but the tickets were too expensive.	这场秀棒极了
I'll boil the potatoes for you.	我为你煮马铃薯
He is a very imaginative writer.	他是非常有想像力的作家
Thank you for always taking care of me.	谢谢你一直以来对我的照顾
In my opinion, you're wrong.	在我看来
We are looking forward to seeing you and your family.	我们很期待见到您和您的家人
I am going to major in French.	我将主修法文
I need to find somewhere to practice dancing.	我需要找个地方练舞
They decided to get married.	他们决定结婚了
I can barely stand his behavior.	我难以容忍他的行为
She carried the box under her arm.	她把箱子挟在手臂下
Do you speak French well?	你法语说得好吗
The law is full of ambiguities.	法律有很多不明确的地方
My hobby is collecting stamps.	我的嗜好是集邮
I don't wash my hair in the morning.	我早上不洗头
Demand for occupational therapy has surged in recent years.	这几年对作业疗法的需求在迅速增长
My grandfather usually eats breakfast at six.	我的祖父通常在六点钟吃早餐
To make matters worse, he isn't even conscious of annoying his neighbors.	让事情更糟糕的是
I met him at the barber's.	我在理发店碰到了他
He lives just around the corner.	他就住在附近
Whose book is this?	这是谁的书
That wasn't very good.	那不太好
He carried a rifle on his shoulder.	他把步枪背在他的肩上
She suddenly became famous.	她突然出名了
Tom likes me the most.	Tom	最喜欢我
I want to buy something to eat.	我想买点东西吃
I wasn't able to go to his birthday party.	我那时没法去他的生日派对
I'm always forgetting people's names.	我总是忘记别人的名字
He makes his living by singing.	他以唱歌为生
You're in my way.	你挡住了我的路
The talks will deal with the problem of pollution.	这场谈论即将对污染问题展开讨论
Watch your step.	走路小心
Who's the boy swimming over there?	在那边游泳的男孩是谁
We are encouraged to use our imagination.	我们被鼓励使用想像力
You look happy today.	你今天看起来很高兴
His office is near the train station.	他的办公室离车站很近
Don't come in my room.	别进我的房间
I'd like to reserve a single room.	我想预订一间单人房
Anything new?	有什么新鲜事吗
You were late for work.	你上班迟到了
Tom wanted to follow in his father's footsteps.	汤姆想追随他父亲的脚步
I'm folding my dress.	我在叠我的连衣裙
My car isn't brown.	我的车不是棕的
Bread is made from wheat.	面包是用小麦做成的
They don't like Tom.	他们不喜欢汤姆
I received her letter yesterday.	昨天我收到了她的信
I met him at the station.	我在车站遇见他
The accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow.	事故似乎和厚厚的积雪有关
Hi, my name is Tom. What is yours?	你好
I'll bring you the bill immediately.	我马上把帐单拿给您
Right now, we have blueberries, blackberries, cherries, strawberries, peaches and nectarines.	现在我们有蓝莓
The leaves fell to the earth.	树叶掉在地上
I'll swim.	我要游泳
He stuck to his promise.	他信守了承诺
He accomplished his mission.	他完成了他的使命
Tom is there already.	汤姆己经在那里了
This isn't difficult.	这个不难
I did it the way he told me to.	我照他说的做了
Tom works alone.	汤姆独自工作
I want this phone.	我想要这部电话
Please wrap it up.	请包起来
I felt like I was dead.	我感觉好像死了一样
He's not a hero.	他不是英雄
Tom is still uncertain about whether to go to college or not.	汤姆还不清楚要不要上大学
We know it was you that killed Tom.	我们知道昰你杀了汤姆
What do you want to tell me?	你想跟我说什么
There's no one in the building now.	现在楼里没人
I recognize that what he says is the truth.	我承认他说的是事实
It's a sunflower.	那是一朵向日葵
Do they speak French in Canada?	他们在加拿大说法语吗
It all depends on the weather.	一切都取决于天气
I understand that you feel uneasy, but don't worry.	我知道你不自在
She warmed herself by the fire.	她在火旁边让自己暖和起来
It was just a joke.	我这么说只是开个玩笑
I'm a little confused.	我有一点困惑了
My father's in the garden.	我爸爸在花园里
My room is three times as large as yours.	我的房间是你的三倍大
I saw a dirty dog enter the garden.	我看见一条脏狗进了花园
It was dark when I reached the hotel.	我到旅馆的时候
You can use this computer any time.	你可以随时使用这台电脑
Weeds sprang up in the garden.	花园里杂草丛生
I went to sleep about 10 o'clock.	我在
Did you have a good time yesterday?	你昨天玩得开心吗
Who took the money?	谁拿了钱
I support political reform.	我支持政治改革
No one knows what'll happen in the future.	没有人知道未来会发生什么事
We're ready to leave.	我们准备离开
Is it near your house?	它在你家附近吗
Could you come and see me tomorrow?	你明天可以来看我吗
Are you going outside?	你去外面吗
You are not a coward.	你不是个懦夫
This factory produces 500 automobiles a day.	这家工厂每天生产
I'll be flying to Boston.	我将要飞到波士顿去
He put his hands in his pockets.	他把手插进口袋里
Whose book is this?	这书是谁的
Tom had a strange dream.	汤姆做了个奇怪的梦
I've already been working here for several hours.	我已经在这里工作几个小时了
Tom likes to sit on the floor.	汤姆喜欢坐在地上
We had a lecture on environmental pollution.	我们有一节关于环境污染的讲座
Tom said that he didn't want to waste time arguing.	汤姆说他不想把时间浪费在争论上
He said he did not enter the room, which was a lie.	他说他没有进房间
He is busy.	他很忙
Where is the accent on the word 'Australia?'	“Australia”	这个词的重音要放在哪
He didn't hear his name called.	他没听见有人叫他的名字
They got thoroughly wet in the rain.	他们在雨中被淋得全身都湿了
I think that fact is very important.	我认为这个事实很重要
No medicine can cure this disease.	没有药物能够治疗这种疾病
Tom burned the letter.	汤姆烧掉了信
Well begun is half done.	好的开始是成功的一半
This desk is mine.	这张书桌是我的
You can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude.	抱著失败主义的态度你无法打一场漂亮的仗
There's an orange on the table.	桌上有一只橙子
I'm not in that much of a hurry.	我并没有很急
One of your tires is flat.	你的轮胎爆了一个
I think you understand me.	我认为你了解我
I gave Mary a book.	我给了玛丽一本书
He wrote down the telephone number.	他写下这个电话号码了
I asked a policeman for directions.	我向一个警察问路
Turn right at the next corner.	在下一个转角右转
I know those women.	我认识那些女人
He still remembers the day his mother found out he was smoking.	他还记得他妈妈发现他正在抽烟的那天
He helped an old lady get up from her seat.	他帮忙一位老太太从位子上站起来
Clean the dirt off the mirror.	清理镜子上的灰尘
He said that he wanted some money.	他说他要一些钱
Tom was able to go to college thanks to a scholarship.	因为一份奖学金
Tom is working hard.	汤姆在努力工作
You've got to be joking.	你一定是开玩笑
Tom was in Boston last weekend.	汤姆上周末在波士顿
He does speak well.	他真的说得很好
Keep to the left when driving.	车辆靠左行驶
We study music.	我们学习音乐
Tom told me that he thought that Mary used to live in Boston.	汤姆告诉我他觉得玛丽以前住在波士顿
I'm sure that he'll get angry.	我确定他会生气
I have a high temperature.	我发烧了
He's my older brother.	他是我的哥哥
I can't forget what happened that day.	我无法忘记那天发生了什么
It might rain.	可能要下雨了
A mile is about 1,600 meters.	一英里大约是
She got in at 9 p.m.	她晚上九点钟上了车
The bus stop is near our school.	巴士站离我们的学校近
I'm glad you guys are here.	我很高兴你们都在
How about eating out this evening?	今天晚上出去吃怎样
She gets good marks in English.	她英语成绩很好
I'm not so brave.	我没那么勇敢
How often do you buy flowers?	你多久买一次花
He walked in the park yesterday.	他昨天在公园里散步
We all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present.	我们所有人凑份子给老师买生日礼物
I have to change into my work clothes.	我得换工服了
No one ran ahead of him.	没有人跑在他前面
Tom studied French.	汤姆学习了法语
I'll make you a new suit.	我会给你做一套新衣服
She is proud that her son has become a doctor.	她为自己的儿子成为医生而自豪
If you would move over, there would be room for everyone.	如果您移过去一点
Do you keep a diary?	你记日记吗
That's just your imagination.	这只是幻想而已
Nobody knows what will happen in the future.	人不知道未来可能发生什么事
Are you afraid of being fired?	你害怕被炒鱿鱼吗
It wasn't that cold.	没那么冷
She was scared to cross the road.	她怕过马路
I'm not used to spicy food.	我不习惯辛辣的食物
She sells flowers.	她卖花
It is like looking for a needle in a haystack.	这好比大海捞针
He does not come here every day.	他不是每一天都来这里
Tom didn't go there yesterday.	汤姆昨天没去那里
I know that he can draw.	我知道他会画画
Tom carefully wiped his fingerprints off the knife.	汤姆小心翼翼地把刀子上的指纹擦掉
You're the only person I can trust.	你是我唯一可以信任的人
He went to New York on Monday.	他星期一去了纽约
She got married in her teens.	她十几岁时就结婚了
She gave up everything for her children.	为了孩子们她放弃了一切
I forgot to attach a stamp to the envelope.	我忘记在信封上贴邮票了
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.	波斯猫在桌子下面睡觉
Stop scolding Tom.	别再骂汤姆了
I want to buy a pair of pants.	我想买条裤子
He acknowledged his faults.	他得知了他的错误
He knows almost nothing about that animal.	他几乎对那个动物一无所知
I'll treat you to dinner.	晚饭我请客
Tom gave Mary half of the apple.	汤姆给玛丽半个苹果
Do you have a mobile phone?	你有手机吗
I'm not disagreeing with you.	我没有反对你
I thought Tom would win.	我以为汤姆会赢
I don't have a dog.	我没有狗
Mercury is the smallest planet in our solar system.	水星是我们的太阳系中最小的行星
When was the last time that you watered the garden?	你最后一次给花园浇水在什么时候
Your proposal is a bit extreme.	你的建议有点极端
Can you drive a manual transmission?	你会开手排车吗
Do you smoke?	你抽不抽烟
Tom will never see you again.	汤姆以后再也不会见你了
I'm not doing that anymore.	我不再做那事了
Stop whining.	别再埋怨了
Have you ever seen Tom angry?	你有看见过汤姆生气的时候吗
Do you ever study in the library?	你曾经在图书馆读书吗
I know that Tom is tired.	我知道汤姆累
Please turn off the light before you go to sleep.	上床睡觉之前请关灯
Tom couldn't conceal his disappointment.	汤姆不能掩饰他的失望
He shot at me.	他枪击了我
This is the best restaurant that I know.	这是我知道的最好的餐馆
He narrowly escaped being killed.	他险些被杀害
Can you stay for a while?	你能待一会吗
The road is under construction.	路正在建
Do you have anything to eat?	你有东西吃吗
He rescued the child from the fire.	他从火场中救了这个孩子
You deserve to succeed.	你的成功是应得的
There's also a park there.	那里也有个公园
This is a Chinese restaurant.	这是家中国餐厅
She is giving the baby a bath.	她正在给婴儿洗澡
He saw her and blushed.	他看到她就脸红了
Please make the bed.	请整理床铺
What do you want to say to me?	你想对我说什么
I'm glad the thief was caught.	抓到小偷真是太好了
I'm reading a book about animals.	我正在读一本关于动物的书
They're eating apples.	他们正在吃苹果
I'm afraid of earthquakes.	我怕地震
If we'd arrived ten minutes earlier, we would've made it onto the plane.	要是我们早十分钟到的话
It is a sheer waste of time.	这完全是浪费时间
We gave him up for dead.	我们为死者放弃了他
She respects her homeroom teacher a lot.	她很尊重她的导师
Tom is polite and sensitive.	汤姆既彬彬有礼又善解人意
Has something good happened?	发生了什么好事吗
What do you think about this?	你怎么看待这件事
There was nothing on the radio about the accident.	电台没有提到这个事故
He's just gone on leave.	他刚请假走了
He doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.	他好坏不分
No matter how much I think about it, I don't understand it.	无论怎么去想我都搞不清楚
Turtles are reptiles.	海龟是爬行动物
I feel like going to the movies.	我想去看电影
Could I try this on?	我能试一下这个吗
It's a real bargain.	真是物美价廉
I cannot stop it.	我无法阻止它
Tom gritted his teeth.	汤姆咬紧牙关
I have been to the barber's.	我去了理发店
She took the book back to the library.	她把书带回了图书馆
I bought some clothes.	我买衣服了
Shut the door on your way out.	出去的时候把门关上
I don't like singing in public.	我不喜欢在公共场合唱歌
That's nonsense. Nobody but a fool would believe it.	那是无稽之谈
Whose birthday was it yesterday?	昨天是谁过生日
You're no singer.	你不是歌手
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.	日本的首都是东京
No one lives in this building.	没有人住在这栋楼里
I don't trust businessmen.	我不相信商人
The topic is worth discussing.	这是值得探讨的话题
Would you like some more beef?	你想再来些牛肉吗
There was no money for rebuilding.	没有重建的钱
This summer I went on vacation in Scotland.	这个夏天
She's not as beautiful as her sister.	她不如她姊姊漂亮
She will be back within a week.	她一周之内会回来
Did you tell on me?	你告发我了吗
Tom had never lied to me before.	汤姆以前从不向我说谎
I owe you ten dollars.	我欠你
Do you live with your parents?	你和你的父母同住吗
It was cloudy yesterday.	昨天是多云
Honesty is the primary reason for his success.	诚实是他成功的主要原因
I can't stand that kind of politician.	我不能忍受那种政治家
Did she show you the picture?	她给你看过照片了吗
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.	他快要睡著的时候
I need more money.	我需要更多的钱
I often eat chicken.	我经常吃鸡
I like to listen to the radio.	我喜欢听广播
Sometimes adults behave like children.	有时候成人表现得像儿童
Why did you get up so early?	你为什么这么早起
"Whose chair is this?" "It is mine."	“	这是谁的椅子
Is this your first trip abroad?	这是你第一次出国吗
That was really boring.	那真是无聊
He looks old for his age.	他看起来比他的实际年龄大
He won't go on to graduate school.	他不会继续去上研究所
It's not quite ready yet.	还没怎么准备好
I don't agree with him.	我不同意他
I won't see him anymore.	我不会再见他了
This medicine will do you good.	这药对你有好处
I'd be grateful to you if you could teach me to do that.	如果你能教我怎么做
Please pick me up at the airport at five.	请于五点钟到机场接我
What kind of food do you have?	你们有什么菜
It's as smooth as a baby's bottom.	它像婴儿的屁股一样光滑
All the dogs are alive.	所有狗都活着
Now's the time to decide whether you really want to get married or not.	现在是你决定是不是真要结婚的时候
No other mountain in the world is as tall as Mt. Everest.	世界上任何山峰都达不到珠穆朗玛峰的高度
I often go downtown on Sunday.	我星期天经常去市中心
His pronunciation is far from perfect.	他的发音远非完美
Give me a glass of water, please.	请给我一杯水
You are a good cook, aren't you?	你很会做菜
It can't be!	不可能
We got to the station at six.	我们六点钟到了车站
It is time you had a haircut!	你到了该去理发的时候了
She has a lot of respect for her teacher.	她非常尊敬她的老师
Tom should've finished it by now.	汤姆现在应该已经完成了
I'll check your vision.	我要来检查你的视力
Should we be worried?	我们应该要担心吗
I don't know your reasons for not liking Tom.	我不知道你不喜欢汤姆的理由
Don't pay any attention to what your father says.	别在意你父亲说的话
She's seventeen.	她十七岁了
He asked me why I was laughing.	他问我为什么在笑
I understand.	我懂
The rear gate was open.	后门开着
Is this the first time you've seen this movie?	这是你第一次看这部电影吗
There's no salt.	没有盐
Won't you come over to my place?	你不会来我家吗
He is not from Hokkaido.	他不是来自北海道
He's popular with the students.	他受到学生的欢迎
There was a light rain yesterday.	昨天下小雨
I'm blessed with good health.	我很幸运有健康的身体
Our school's principal is very old.	我校校长很老了
She was wearing an ugly dress.	她穿着一条很难看的裙子
There are no cars on the street.	路上没什么车
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll give you a kiss.	如果你买给我冰淇淋
My opinion is different from yours.	我的看法跟你的不同
I still don't think I'm wrong.	我还是不认为我错了
I should've left earlier.	我应该要早点出发的
Luckily, we found an escape route.	幸运的是
She was obliged to marry the old man.	她不得不和这个老男人结婚
It's still too early to get up.	时间还早不必这么早起床
There are many ships in the harbor.	港口内有许多船
It is difficult to satisfy everyone.	众口难调
This message doesn't make sense.	这个消息没有道理
We're all looking forward to seeing you and your family.	我们都期待看到你和你的家人
The bucket was full of water.	这桶装满了水
I want beef, too.	"	我也要牛肉
We were attacked from both sides.	我们被两面夹击了
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
You never told me you could speak French.	你从没告诉过我你会说法语
He consented to help the old lady.	他同意帮助这位老太太
I wish I had a better memory.	希望我的记忆力能好一点
This is a terrible mistake.	这是一个可怕的错误
I bought two pairs of pants.	我买了两条裤子
Where is the nearest church?	最近的教堂在哪里
There must be a way to arrive at a diplomatic solution.	必须有外交解决的途径
That can't be it.	不可能的
I'll attend the meeting.	我将参加这个会议
He lost face.	他丢脸了
There is a beautiful park near my home.	我家附近有个漂亮的公园
My ear was bleeding this morning.	今天早上我耳朵流血了
Is Tom a common name in your country?	在你们国家
She's a glamorous girl.	她是个迷人的女孩子
Delete Tom's name from the list.	从名单上删掉汤姆的名字
Our train is late.	我们的车误点了
Tom has no friends who are willing to help him.	汤姆没有愿意帮助他的朋友
I bought a watch.	我买了一只手表
Don't forget Tom is allergic to peanuts.	不要忘记汤姆对花生过敏
Tom is a French teacher.	汤姆是法语老师
It is essentially a question of time.	它本质上是一个时间的问题
Tom doesn't think so.	汤姆可不这么认为
Do you go to school on Saturday?	你星期六去上学吗
She was advised by him to go to the police.	他劝她去报警
No problem at all!	没有任何问题
I didn't catch the train.	我没赶上火车
You very nearly guessed it.	你差不多猜对了
Can you imagine what the 21st century will be like?	你能想象
The cat is not dead.	那猫没死
I thought the questions were easy.	我认为这些问题很容易
The earth is smaller than the sun.	地球比太阳小
I have to go to sleep.	我必须睡了
Tom is my older brother.	Tom	是我哥哥
I'll always remember your kindness.	我会永远记得你的好意
We have no choice but to risk it.	我们别无选择只能冒着危险
Who exactly is responsible?	究竟谁要负责
I'd rather be with you.	我更愿意跟着你
He lived to be eighty years old.	他活到了八十岁
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.	因为这份工作的关系
I'd like to try on this dress.	我想试穿这件衣服
Every now and then he drops in at this bookstore on his way home from the office.	有时从办公室回家的路上他会到这家书店看一看
All I want now is a little sleep.	我现在只想睡点觉
What made you come here so early?	什么原因让你这么早来这里
Tom is likely to still be outside.	汤姆很可能还在外面
She decided to resign from her job.	她决定辞去她的工作
I'm going to miss Tom so much.	我会很想汤姆
There's no coffee left.	没有咖啡剩下来
Tom has been sick in bed for three weeks.	汤姆已经因病卧床三周了
She left the hospital an hour ago.	她一小时前离开了医院
Don't let the dog in.   别让狗进来
He had to clean his room.	他不得不打扫了他的房间
I'm developing an Android application.	我正在开发一个安卓应用
Something is starting to happen.	有什么要开始了
That's an exception.	那是例外
Tom is likely to win tomorrow.	汤姆明天可能要赢了
Do you know my name?	你知道我的名字吗
There was a sudden change of plan.	计划突然改变
Can I be of any service to you?	你需要我帮忙吗
I found it difficult to read the book.	我发现读这本书很难
The children are having fun in the park.	孩子们在公园里玩耍
He has been ill in bed for four days.	他已卧病在床四天了
I don't know what the next step is.	我不知道下一步做什么
Tom didn't know the deadline was today.	汤姆不知道今天是期限
Doing that won't take long.	做起来不会很久
Tom gave us nothing.	汤姆什么也没给我们
I'm going there alone.	我一个人去那边
He will be very busy next month.	下个月他会很忙
He will make you eat dirt.	他会让你吃灰的
It is bad manners to point at people.	用手指点别人不礼貌
Your answer is wrong.	你的答案是错的
He's sitting at an empty table.	他坐在一张空桌旁
I usually wear jeans on Sunday.	我星期天通常穿牛仔裤
I'm very tired right now.	我现在很累
Iceland used to belong to Denmark.	冰岛以前属于丹麦
What time will the game start?	比赛几点开始
Both Tom and Mary can't speak French.	汤姆和玛丽都不说法语
I always cry when I see this picture.	当我看到这张图片的时候总是哭
You've arrived very early.	你来得很早
I want a girlfriend.	我想找女朋友
I will go to the meeting.	我将要去参加会议
Laura Ingalls grew up on the prairie.	劳拉英戈尔斯是在草原上长大的
There are noticeable differences between the two.	两者之间有显著的差别
I bought a bottle of salad oil.	我买了一瓶沙拉油
My daughter wants a piano.	我女儿想要架钢琴
Tom didn't have time to finish his report.	汤姆没时间完成报告
There are a few shops next to my house.	我家旁边有几家商店
We swam in the lake.	我们在湖里游了泳
I once lived in Rome.	我曾在罗马生活过
You have too many books on the shelf.	你书架上的书太多了
I don't like studying in this heat.	我不喜欢在这么热的气温下念书
Please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning.	原谅我早上这么早给你打电话
There were many people at the concert.	音乐会上有很多人
I want to buy this dictionary.	我想买这本字典
What're you doing?	搞什么啊
I'll try to find them for you.	我会努力帮你找到他们
He took the wrong bus by mistake.	他搭错了车
Tom likes hot curry.	汤姆喜欢辣咖哩
I want your opinion.	我想要听听你的意见
I'll be leaving for Australia next month.	我下个月将去澳洲
She's just a child.	她只是个孩子
You've never had a girlfriend, have you?	你从没有女朋友
There is a church near my house.	我家附近有一座教堂
You can't fire us.	您不能炒了我们
I am sure that he will succeed.	我肯定他会成功的
He is very tall.	他很高
Father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed.	父亲确定所有的灯都关了后才去睡觉
I'm ready to die.	我已经准备去死了
I just wasn't paying attention.	我只是没注意
What do you like to do in your free time?	你空闲时间喜欢做什么
Could I see you a minute, please?	让我看你一会儿好吗
Sulfur burns with a blue flame.	硫磺燃烧著蓝色的火焰
That's weird.	奇怪
Are you able to swim?	你能游泳吗
Tom has no money.	Tom	没有钱
The boy is wearing glasses.	这个男孩戴著眼镜
She was more beautiful than all the others.	她比其他人都漂亮
He likes baseball very much.	他非常喜欢棒球
My daughter likes egg yolks.	我女儿喜欢蛋黄
Try not to forget anything.	尽量别忘掉任何事
I'm sure Tom wanted to come along.	我确定汤姆想来
Riding a horse is really thrilling.	骑马真的很令人兴奋
How long do you plan on staying?	你准备待多久
He is a doctor by profession.	他的职业是医生
My train left at 7 and arrived in New York at 10.	我乘的火车
Are both Tom and Mary Canadians?	汤姆和玛丽都是加拿大人吗
The rope wasn't strong enough to support him.	绳子不够牢固
I'm sorry I've kept you waiting so long.	让您等了很久
Had he known what was about to happen, he would have changed his plan.	要是他知道会发生什么
A cold front swept over Europe.	一股寒流侵袭了欧洲
My home is separated from his by a river.	我的家与他的隔着一条江
I got sick from drinking too much.	因为喝酒喝太多
He put a hand gently on her shoulder.	他把他的手温柔地放在她的肩上
Could you please speak a little bit more slowly?	能否请你说慢一点
Take as many cookies as you want.	想吃多少饼干就吃多少
I'm buying.	我买了
She is a native speaker of French.	她的母语是法语
All of a sudden, the enemy bombs came down on us like rain.	突然
They say that he will never return.	他们说他永远不会回来
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.	相比二十年前的日本
A wise leader knows when to listen to others.	聪明的领袖知道什么时候听取他人意见
Everyone knows that Bell invented the telephone.	任何人都知道贝尔发明了电话
I would like to retract my previous statement.	我想撤回我之前的陈述
Do you have enough money?	你的钱够吗
Tom doesn't know why I'm here.	汤姆不知道我为什么在这里
They left one after another.	他们一个接着一个地离开了
I didn't think that Tom would be scared.	我没想到汤姆会害怕
What is this?	这是什么
We don't like the rain.	我们不喜欢下雨
He confused us.	他把我们弄糊涂了
How much is this camera?	这个相机多少钱
I have been abroad several times this year.	我今年去了好几次外国
Tom walks very slowly.	汤姆走得很慢
Do you have a gift shop here?	你们这里有礼品店吗
I have to go home a little early today.	我今天要早点回家
They didn't see us.	他们没看到我们
I'm not that easily intimidated.	我不是轻易吓得住的
You told Tom you could do that, didn't you?	你告诉汤姆你可以做到
You have a wonderful voice.	你有副好嗓音
Tom's hands are large.	汤姆的手大
Please make a milkshake for me.	请帮我做个奶昔
This design is very ergonomic.	这个设计很人性化
Tom says he's not feeling any better.	Tom	说他感觉不舒服
This theory is very controversial.	这个理论很有争议
Why do you ask?	你问这个干什么
Tom helped me with the move.	汤姆帮我搬了家
This is my project.	这是我的项目
Let's not fool ourselves.	我们别再骗自己了
I felt sad and lonely.	我感到凄清与孤独
He's pale because he's sick.	他病了
Are you going to buy a dictionary?	你要去买词典吗
If he had taken his doctor's advice, he might still be alive.	如果他听了他医生的建议
I know why Tom is in trouble.	我知道汤姆为什么遇上麻烦了
He has been to Hawaii several times.	他去过夏威夷几次
Tom is good, but not good enough.	汤姆好
Tom said that he thought that would probably never happen.	汤姆说他觉得那可能永远不会发生了
I'd like to pay with a credit card.	我想用信用卡支付
I've got work to do.	我有事要做
Where is your house?	您的家在哪
Now they have three children.	现在他们有三个孩子
You can no longer hurt me.	你不再能伤害到我了
The train was late this morning.	今天早上火车来迟了
I forgot to stick a stamp on the envelope.	我忘记在信封上贴邮票了
Look at that house.	看那个房子
I noticed that Tom was smiling.	我注意到汤姆在笑
Is the teacher young?	那个老师年轻吗
It is extremely hot and humid in Bali in December.	12	月份巴厘岛极其炎热和潮湿
Can you give me your phone number?	你能给我你的电话号码吗
He took a photograph of the family.	他拍了张全家福的照片
It's the thought that counts.	礼轻情意重
We helped them as well.	我们也是帮他们的
I have two brothers and three sisters.	我有两个兄弟和三个姐妹
The bath is ready.	浴缸已经准备好了
Can you wake me up at seven o'clock tomorrow morning?	你明天早上七点可不可以叫我起床
The area of the factory is 1,000 square meters.	工厂的面积是
I think you should get more rest.	我觉得你应该多休息一会儿
You must've been asleep.	你一定睡著了
Tom isn't afraid of anything.	汤姆对甚么都不怕
He likes to read newspapers.	他喜欢看报纸
Tom is single and has a three-year-old daughter.	Tom	单身
I was ashamed of my behavior.	我对自己的行为感到羞愧
He's afraid of dogs.	他怕狗
Tom is in the living room with Mary.	汤姆和玛丽在客厅里
I always try to tell the truth.	我总是试著说实话
Air is to us what water is to fish.	空气对人来说就是水对鱼的意义
He doesn't know how to write a letter in English.	他不知道如何用英语写信
They'll try again.	他们会再尝试的
I'm bleeding.	我在流血
You should see a doctor.	你应该去看医生
What does your father do?	你父亲是做什么的
Tom went over and sat down next to Mary.	汤姆来了
I'm learning how to drive.	我正在学习如何驾驶
Yes, of course.	当然是的
He was elected mayor again.	他再次被选为市长
You should thank me.	你应该感谢我
Our refrigerator is out of order.	我们的冰箱坏了
I live in an apartment in the city.	我住在城市中的一间公寓里
He has a car.	他有辆车
The length of this ship is 30 meters.	这艘船的长度是
Where is the stage door?	请问剧场后门在哪
We reached the top of the mountain.	我们到达了山顶
Put some water into the vase.	在花瓶里装些水
Don't expect miracles.	别期盼奇迹
I saw the sunrise.	我看了日出
Tom's wrong.	汤姆错了
Let me give you some advice.	让我给你一些建议
I go to school here, too.	我也在这儿上学
Add a tiny pinch of salt.	加一丁点盐
I'm awfully sorry that I was late.	非常抱歉
Don't let Tom die.	别让汤姆死了
They must work 8 hours a day.	他们每天必须工作
What time does the play begin?	演出什么时候开始
The teacher said that the earth is round.	老师说地球是圆的
May I go out to play?	我可以出去玩吗
Not all of the passengers escaped injury.	并非所有的乘客都免于受伤
Reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people's privacy.	记者没有犹豫地去干涉了人们的私生活
The two sides hold talks this week.	双方本周举行会谈
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?	你今天下午想不想去动物园
It seemed to be cheap.	似乎很便宜
The quickest means of travel is by plane.	旅行最快的方式是乘飞机
I don't think that it's good.	我不觉得它很好
Do you think Tom was satisfied?	你认为汤姆满意了吗
Everybody did that.	每个人都做了那件事
How many hours a day do you sleep?	你每天睡几个小时
What is the price of this cap?	这顶帽子多少钱
You owe me something.	你欠我点东西
I wonder if Tom can help us.	我不知道汤姆能不能幚我们
Begin.	开始
I swear I didn't do anything.	我发誓我什么也没做
You shouldn't eat here.	你不该在这里吃饭
He works from nine to five-thirty.	他从早上九点工作到下午五点半
Cities are exciting places, but also stressful.	城市是令人兴奋的地方
We had lunch at a little coffee shop.	我们在一家小咖啡店吃了午饭
My camera is different from yours.	我的相机跟你的不同
Is his story true?	他的故事是真的吗
I have the right to speak, too.	我也有权讲话
I'm fixing the radio that I found on my way home.	我在修理回家路上捡到的收音机
Will the fine weather keep up till tomorrow?	好天气能持续到明天吗
I heard the phone ring.	我听到电话响了
Who did you talk with?	你和谁说话呢
Are you going to eat all of that yourself?	你打算自己一人把它全部吃了吗
She is fond of singing old songs.	她喜欢唱老歌
There's someone who wants to meet you.	有一个人想见你
Europeans like to drink wine.	欧洲人都爱喝葡萄酒
I want more.	我想要更多
Are you saying you don't want to go to Tom's party?	你的意思是你不想去汤姆的派对
There were two pieces of cake.	那有两块蛋糕
Some bugs were fixed.	一些程式错误被改正了
My mother made a sweater for me.	我妈妈为我做了一件毛衣
I was angry because he was late.	因为他迟到了
That's no business of yours.	这不关你的事
What were you doing in Boston?	你在波士顿做了什么
I have to go to the hospital.	我需要去医院
They'll get out of class in forty minutes.	他们四十分钟之后下课
He has all kinds of books.	他有各种各样的书
How many books are on the shelf?	柜子上有几本书
That was Tom's choice.	那是汤姆的选择
Your manners aren't very good.	你的举止不是很好
We went to school together.	我们曾一起上学的
I'm having lunch with my sister right now.	现在正和妹妹吃午饭中
A green carpet will not go with this blue curtain.	绿色的毯子和这条蓝色的帘子不配
Can I ask you some questions?	我能问你们一些问题吗
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.	明天他会在月球降落
Would you like something to drink?	你想喝点什么吗
How did you get back so soon?	你怎么回来得这么快
His shirt was stained with sauce.	他的衬衫被酱汁弄脏了
Your pen is better than mine.	你的笔比我的好
I work every day except Sunday.	我除了星期天外每天都上班
My children are twins.	我的孩子是双胞胎
Mass production reduced the price of many goods.	大量生产降低许多商品的价格
Now I remember.	现在我想起来了
Can you come for dinner tonight?	你今天晚上能来吃饭吗
It is said that treasure is buried in this area.	据说这个区域埋着财宝
I don't want to live my life in fear.	我不想在恐惧中生活
I need your advice on what I should do next.	我需要你指导我接下来该做甚么
I'm sorry to bother you.	对不起打扰你了
Tom got ripped off.	汤姆被宰了
Are you laughing at me?	你在嘲笑我吗
Your question doesn't have an answer.	你的问题没有答案
A glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather.	一杯冷水在暑热的天气里十分提神
She didn't try to hide the truth.	她没有试图掩盖真相
People call me Tom.	人家叫我汤姆
I'm going downtown.	我进城去
This factory manufactures electric stoves.	这家工厂生产电炉
Tom cut down the tree that was in front of his house.	汤姆砍了他门前的树
Ask her when she comes back.	等她回来的时候问问她
It is already eleven.	已经是
The moon was full last night.	昨晚是满月
He is the tallest boy.	他是最高的男生
It's wrong.	不对
There's no one in your bedroom.	你的卧室里没有人
There are more than 4,000 languages in the world.	全世界有超过
I applied for membership in the association.	我申请成为协会会员
We won't go out if it doesn't stop raining.	雨不停
He went to America to study medicine.	他去美国学医了
I haven't seen anything.	我什么都没看见
I didn't have lunch today.	我今天没吃午餐
Please leave.	请你离开
The moonlight is really beautiful.	月光真美
The airplane took off on time.	这班飞机准时起飞
He was seriously injured in the car accident.	他在车祸中受了重伤
Do you own a gun?	你拥有枪支吗
The gate is so narrow that the car can't pass through it.	门太窄了
I can come tomorrow.	我明天能来
She asked me where I was going.	她问了我要去哪里
There is something wrong with my car.	我的车子有问题
I can't help admiring his talent.	我不禁欣赏他的才华
Today is Thursday.	今天是礼拜四
He told his wife not to buy on impulse.	他叫自己的妻子不要冲动购物
Neither Tom nor Mary has found anything valuable.	汤姆和玛丽都没有发现什么有价值的东西
It's high time you were in bed.	你早该睡了
Do you want anything?	你想要什么吗
Everybody knows her.	每个人都认识她
I wish you could come with us.	但愿你可以跟我们一起来
She'll give her photo to whoever wants it.	她会把她的照片给想要的人
Tom's comment was inappropriate.	汤姆的评论不合适
Have you been well?	最近过得好吗
That's encouraging.	那真令人鼓舞
The door is locked at nine o'clock.	这个门在九点钟的时候是锁著的
I have to go to the toilet.	我要去厕所
What time does your office let you go home?	你们一般几点下班
Is there life on Mars?	火星上有生命吗
Tom is no dummy.	汤姆不是傻瓜
Don't let your feelings show.	不要流露你的感情
We've decided not to fire you.	我们决定不开除你
He was covered with mud.	他身上满是泥
Allow me to go.	请允许我去
The boys' bicycle is in the garage.	男孩们的脚踏车在车库里
She is wearing a hat.	她戴著一顶帽子
Here, catch!	这里
I couldn't control my anger.	我无法遏制住我的怒火
Eating too much is bad for your health.	吃得太多对健康不好
I expect you to be punctual.	我期待你能准时
I'll never see her again.	我再也不会见她了
Tom is a strange person.	汤姆是个怪人
You'll forget about me someday.	有一天你会忘了我
Don't worry about it.	不要担心它
I just said something very stupid.	我刚说了很蠢的话
How many apples do you want me to buy?	你想让我买多少个苹果
You're sick!	你有病
Mary carries pepper spray in her purse.	玛丽的包里有胡椒喷剂
Last year, he spent three months at sea.	去年他在海上度过了三个月
This is the church where we got married.	这里是我们结婚的教堂
Do you think animals have a soul?	你认为动物有灵魂吗
Put the book where you found it.	把书放在你找到的地方
You're the one who quit.	你是退出的那一个
I gave my sister a dictionary.	我给了我妹妹一本字典
I'm going to stop trying to be friendly with you.	我不跟你要好了
They will tear down the old building in two days.	他们将在两天内拆除这栋旧的建筑物
The castle is beautiful.	城堡好美
You never get my jokes.	你从来不明白我的玩笑
I must help my mother.	我必须帮忙我母亲
Could you spare me a few minutes?	你能为我腾出几分钟时间吗
Keep your voice down.	你说话小点声
It's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty.	五十岁以后学一门新的语言不是那么容易
Is this really worth it?	这样真的值得吗
My house is your house.	我家就是你家
He made me go against my will.	他让我违背了我的意愿
It's ten minutes' walk to the station.	步行到车站要花十分钟
Carelessness can lead to a serious accident.	粗心大意可能导致严重的事故
The trees are green.	树是绿的
This is mine.	这是我的
Who's dying?	谁要死了
He's a professor of biology at Harvard.	他是哈佛大学的生物学教授
I'm OK.	我没事
I'm sure that he'll come on time.	我确定他会准时来
My grandmother suffers from osteoporosis.	我外婆患有骨质疏松症
They were listening to the radio.	他们在听收音机
I don't like reading at all.	我一点都不喜欢阅读
Tom said Mary thought John might be permitted to do that next weekend.	汤姆说玛丽觉得约翰下周末可能被允许那么做
How much money does he make a month?	他每个月挣多少
He pretended not to hear me.	他假装没有听见我
I bought the book yesterday.	这本书我昨天买了
Tom decided to stay with Mary.	汤姆决定陪玛丽在一起
Tom told me that he was coming back.	汤姆告诉我他正在回来
Maybe I should just tell Tom the truth.	可能我就该告诉汤姆真相
Tom is wearing the same clothes he wore yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
What does it cost?	多少钱
You guys looked mad.	你们那时候看起来在生气
He finally got his wish.	他终于如愿以偿了
You don't understand.	你不了解
Tom knew he should help Mary.	汤姆知道他该帮玛丽
He arrived in time for the meeting.	他及时赶到了会议
We kept quiet.	我们保持了沉默
You and I are the same age.	你和我同龄
At what time does your class end?	您几点下课
It seems as if I'm the only person here capable of doing it.	看来我是这里唯一有能力做这件事的人
Being rejected is painful.	被拒绝是痛苦的
Maybe he will be a good teacher.	也许他会是一个很好的老师
You can't say no.	你无法说
Pizza is my favorite food.	比萨是我最喜欢的食物
Tom doesn't seem to agree.	汤姆似乎不同意
My cholesterol is high.	我的胆固醇很高
He likes jazz, and so do I.	他喜欢爵士乐
Are you able to play organ?	你能演奏管风琴吗
Gravity brings everything down to Earth.	重力将一切带下地球表面
How're you feeling?	你感觉如何
This company is listed on the Paris stock exchange.	这家公司在巴黎证券交易所上市了
Go on home.	回家吧
I work for three hours every Sunday morning.	我每个周末早上工作三小时
Are you tired?	你觉得累吗
The admission is ten dollars a person.	入会费一个人十美元
His ideas are always practical.	他的主意总是可行的
Who are those guys?	那些家伙是谁
He behaved as if he were crazy.	他表现的像个疯子
One man's meat is another man's poison.	甲之蜜糖
I know Tom is looking at me.	我知道汤姆在看着我
I don't want to be involved in that matter.	我不想被牵扯到这件事里
I'll drive you to the airport.	我会开车送你去机场
They became close friends.	他们成了密友
When I hear this song, I think of you, and miss you.	当我听到这首歌
Tom told me Mary is leaving tomorrow.	汤姆和我说明天玛丽会离开
It's very uncomfortable.	真让人不舒服
Who gave this to you?	这谁给你的
Everyone loves that place.	每一个人都喜欢那个地方
The elevator seems to be out of order.	电梯好像故障了
Tom often fails to keep his word.	汤姆经常不守约
They don't always obey their parents.	他们并不总是服从他们的父母
I don't mind getting up at six.	我不在意在六点钟起床
He is going to be an engineer.	他将成为一名工程师
You are not authorized to enter there.	你无权进入那里
They have English lessons three times a week.	他们一周上
Please take off your hat.	请您摘下您的帽子
Tom tried to control his emotions.	汤姆试着控制他的情绪
I know a lot about ships.	我知道很多关于船的知识
I can win this time.	我这回能赢
I'll meet to you at eight.	我八点会跟你见面
The train has already left.	列车已经出发
She invited us to her birthday party.	她邀请我们去她的生日派对
Were you playing tennis yesterday morning?	你昨天上午打网球了吗
He is difficult to get along with.	他这个人很难相处
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.	天使畏惧处
They're trying to keep costs down.	他们正努力降低成本
You cheated.	你作弊了
He is a thief.	这是一个小偷
That's a strange question.	真是奇怪的问题
I avoid discussing personal subjects with my boss.	我避免跟老板讨论个人话题
I'm open to suggestions.	我愿意接受建议
Is he tall?	他长得高吗
Tom is happy here.	汤姆在这里很高兴
Tom fell off his bicycle.	汤姆从他的自行车上掉了下来
I bought it for about twelve dollars.	我用
Running is good for your health.	跑步对你的健康有益
I thought so, too.	我也是这么想的
I told Tom I thought it was a good idea.	我和汤姆说了
Tom is in the hospital waiting room.	汤姆在医院的等候室
She also likes chocolate.	她也喜欢巧克力
I'll write or phone you next week.	下周我会给你写信或打电话的
We're still a little confused.	我们还是有点疑惑
I really don't know that woman.	我完全不认识那个女人
Don't look at Tom. Look at me.	不要看汤姆
I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.	我觉得一部电影比任何书都有趣
Mary has a bad back. It's hard for her to lift things.	玛丽的背不好
Would you like anything to eat?	您想吃点什么吗
He received quite a few letters this morning.	今天早上他收到好多信
He himself did it.	是他自己做的
I usually got to bed about eleven.	我通常约十一点钟上床睡觉
Science is fun.	科学好玩
You sing like an angel.	你唱歌像天使
We gave blood to help the child.	我们捐血来帮助这个孩子
Please stay as long as you wish.	你想待多久就待多久
He may be on the next train.	他可能在下一班火车上
I think you're stupid.	我认为你傻
I used to eat pizza, but now I don't.	我以前吃披萨
I'm interested in sports.	我对运动感兴趣
We should approach this problem from different angles.	我们应该用各种不同的角度看待此问题
Let me try.	让我试试
We've arrived.	我们已经到了
You're a friend of Tom's, aren't you?	你是汤姆的朋友
I just wanted you to look at this.	我就是想让你看看这个
He is afraid of his own shadow.	他怕自己的影子
Tom lost his balance and fell down.	汤姆失去了平衡摔落下来
There are many fish in this lake.	这个湖里有很多鱼
They buried him in the graveyard by the church.	他们把他埋葬在教堂旁的墓园
Tom really doesn't like you.	汤姆真的不喜欢你
That bicycle is mine.	那自行车是我的
I don't get what you mean.	我不明白你的意思
He doesn't have any friends to play with.	他没有任何朋友玩
Have you ever had food poisoning?	您曾经食物中毒过吗
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?	你吃过日本料理吗
I hate wine.	我讨厌酒
She appears to have many friends.	她看起来好像有很多朋友
She wept the entire night.	她一整晚都在哭
Another bottle of wine, please.	麻烦再一瓶葡萄酒
I don't make deals with people like you.	我不跟你这样的人做生意
Lake Biwa is the largest lake in Japan.	琵琶湖是日本最大的湖
Mary can dance well.	玛丽舞跳得很好
No one noticed her absence until the meeting ended.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
My mom and I are completely different.	我妈妈和我完全不同
It's me that's wrong.	是我错了
The man sitting next to me spoke to me.	坐在我旁边的男人跟我说话了
They didn't listen.	他们没听
It's a nice day, isn't it?	美丽的一天
Was that too much?	那太多了吗
He lives across the street from us.	他住在我们街对面
Both my parents are at home now.	我父母现在都在家
Even with all his wealth and fame, he's unhappy.	尽管有金钱和名誉
You can't say that.	你不能这么说
Nothing is more valuable than friendship.	没有比友情更有价值的东西
I was late for the appointment.	我约会迟到了
She told me an interesting story.	她给我讲了一个有趣的故事
She fooled him.	她愚弄了他
He made her a bookshelf.	他做了一个书架给她
Your face is familiar to me.	我对你的脸很熟悉
He ate the whole apple.	他把整个苹果都吃了
Were your mother and father home?	你父母亲在家吗
Tom is buying some flowers for Mary.	汤姆在给玛丽买花
It's not funny.	这不好笑
He was in time for the appointment.	他及时赴约了
Did you bring a hair dryer?	你有带吹风机吗
Were you at school at that time?	那时你在学校吗
Tom was just as excited as Mary.	汤姆就和玛丽一样兴奋
This is a good place to pitch a tent.	这是搭帐篷的好地方
I can't say for sure.	我不太确定
I appreciate your concern.	我感谢你的关心
Sometimes I smoke just to give my hands something to do.	有时我吸烟只是因为要给我手头点事做
You must hurry up.	您要赶快些
I'll treat you.	我请你
She put on socks.	她穿上袜子
Is it serious?	严重吗
It might sound far-fetched, but this is a real problem.	这可能听起来牵强
This makes me happy.	这让我开心
Farmers always complain about the weather.	农民总是抱怨天气
I had to change clothes because what I was wearing wasn't appropriate for the situation.	我必须要换衣服
Is Tom ready for that?	汤姆准备好了吗
Don't forget your money.	不要忘记您的钱
Tennis is very popular among students.	网球在学生中非常流行
I'll be back tomorrow.	我明天回来
We enjoyed watching the TV.	我们喜欢看电视
He caught her by the arm.	他抓住了她的胳膊
This is my book.	这是我的书
Don't mind me.	不要管我
Tom gave Mary a flashlight.	汤姆给了玛丽一把手电筒
He is very handsome.	他很英俊
Being a good conversationalist does not just mean being a good speaker of English.	作为一个良好的交谈者
My brother likes horror movies.	我哥哥喜欢恐怖电影
Tom has already gone to sleep.	汤姆已经睡了
One of the hawk's wings is broken.	鹰的一只翅膀断了
Tom usually doesn't make mistakes.	汤姆通常不犯错
There is only one book on the desk.	桌子上只有一本书
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.	如果你想做对一件事
How long ago was that?	多久以前
He gave us not only clothes but some money.	他不仅给了我们衣服
Tom didn't try to hide the truth.	汤姆并没有试著要隐瞒实情
I am a teacher.	我是个老师
You should look after the children from time to time.	你应该偶尔照顾孩子
He lost his way in the woods.	他在森林中迷了路
No students were absent.	没有学生缺席
I think you should take the test again.	我的意见是
Tom studied hard so he could get into college.	汤姆为了上大学努力学习
I'd better do it right now.	我最好马上做
He's not as tall as you are.	他没你高
The policeman told me that the last bus leaves at ten.	警察告诉我巴士的末班车在十点出发
Be quiet, or the baby will wake up.	安静
The broccoli today isn't very fresh.	今天的西蓝花不是很新鲜
They have been married for ten years.	他们已经结婚十年了
Tom typed in the password.	汤姆输入密码
The black telephone costs more than the white.	黑的电话比白的花钱多
People who will lie for you, will lie to you.	会为你说谎的人
I must help her.	我必须帮助她
When is your bedtime?	你什么时候睡觉
She graduated from high school last year.	去年她从高中毕业了
Tom felt his heart beating faster.	汤姆感觉他心跳加快
Everyone deserves a second chance.	每个人都值得被给予第二次机会
I know what you did.	我知道你做了什么
Have you heard from him?	你收到他的音讯了吗
It's hard to predict what the weather will be like tomorrow.	很难说明天的天气将会怎样
I must help her at any cost.	我必须不惜一切代价帮助她
No one here will betray you.	这里没有人会背叛你
Seriously?	认真的
I got out of the taxi.	我从出租车上下来
She took care of the poor little bird.	她照顾可怜的小鸟
The lake is deepest at this point.	这是湖的最深处
Do you have anything to remove stains?	你有除锈的东西吗
I think it's better for us to adopt his plan.	我认为采用他的计划对我们比较好
They're self-sufficient.	他们自给自足
I know her address.	我知道她的地址
I love this song.	我爱这首歌
We're having difficulty locating Tom.	我们找到汤姆有困难
The small hill turned out to be an ancient burial mound 2,000 years old.	这座小山丘原来是一座两千多年的古墓
Love is like oxygen.	爱就像氧气
My daughter loves jumping rope.	我女儿喜欢跳绳
He lives just around the corner.	他就住在拐角的地方
My brother gave me a cute doll.	我哥哥给了我一个可爱的娃娃
There's enough time for a quick snack.	有足够的时间很快地吃一下点心
Stop joking around.	别开玩笑了
It became quiet again in the forest.	森林里又再变得安静下来了
Tom said he'll ask Mary to do that.	汤姆说他会让玛丽去做
Scary movies will frighten the children.	恐怖片会吓到小孩
I'm glad we agree.	我很高兴我们同意
Tom knows me.	Tom	认识我
My mother is busy in the kitchen.	我的母亲在厨房里正忙著
He was disappointed that things didn't turn out as he'd hoped.	事情没能如他所愿让他感到失望
Tom has more books than Mary.	汤姆的书比玛丽的还多
A few days later, we left Boston.	过了几天
I have to say I envy you guys.	我不得不说我羡慕你们
They would capture as many people as possible.	他们会尽可能地抓更多的人
Water boils at one hundred degrees.	水在摄氏
Father always has the tailor make his suits.	父亲总是让这位裁缝师为他做西装
We yawn when we are short of oxygen.	我们缺氧时就会打哈欠
We helped them as well.	我们也帮助他们
You have a way with women.	你对女人有一套
Can you skate?	你会溜冰吗
I called her up.	我给她打电话
I'll never tell anyone where I've hidden the treasure.	我不会告诉任何人我藏宝的地方
He has a pleasant voice.	他的声音很悦耳
Tom started the engine.	汤姆发动了引擎
This is the dictionary I use every day.	这是我每天都用的字典
You are always watching TV.	你总是在看电视
His father eats there twice a week.	他爸爸一周在那里吃两次
We're behind schedule.	我们落后于原定计划
Please show me what to do next.	请让我看看下一步该做什么
We got behind the car and pushed.	我们到车子后面推车
Will you go on foot or by bus?	你要用走的还是搭公车
All lawyers are liars.	律师都是骗子
I'm job hunting.	我在找工作
I'm not sure.	我不确定
The street was crowded with people.	街道上挤满了人
It's all my fault.	都是我的错
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go.	如果明天下雨
She gave us some useful information.	她给了我们一些有用的讯息
Please let us know.	请让我们知道
He has great confidence in himself.	他对自己很有自信
I found this book interesting.	我觉得这本书很有意思
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read Chinese.	我会说中文
Tom certainly has a tough job.	汤姆确实有个麻烦的工作
I don't feel like taking a walk this morning.	我今天早上不想散步
I'll get you something nice.	我会给点你好东西
Tom is delighted.	汤姆兴奋不已
I don't play tennis that well.	我网球打得不那么好
Where's my father?	我父亲在哪里
You refused to do that, didn't you?	你拒绝去做
He cleaned his room on Sunday.	他在周日打扫他的房间
You'll have to leave now.	你现在必须离开
English is used by many people.	英语是被许多人使用
You know that's your duty.	你知道那是你的责任
She gave me a book for Christmas.	她给了我一本的书作为圣诞礼物
The experiment was successful.	这实验是成功的
Are these your daughters?	这些人是你的女儿吗
He got off the bus.	他下了公车
How is the weather?	天气怎样
The accident almost cost him his life.	事故差点让他丢了性命
What languages do you speak?	你会说什么语言
Tom failed to persuade Mary.	汤姆没能说服玛丽
He likes fishing.	他喜欢钓鱼
What time was she born?	她几点出生的
Do you have a pen on you?	你身上有铅笔吗
I want to see you again.	我希望再次见到你
My mother opened the door very carefully.	我妈妈小心翼翼地打开门
There is a bridge over the pond.	池塘上有座桥
How many teams are there?	那里有多少队伍
Why do I even care?	我干嘛在乎
I had no choice.	那时我没有选择的余地
I need glue.	我需要胶水
Here is a photograph of my family.	这里有一张我全家的照片
You'll need their help.	你会需要他们的帮助
From the look of the sky, it may rain in the afternoon.	从天色看起来
Hurry up, or you will miss the last train.	再不快点你就要赶不上末班车了
You didn't need to come so early.	你不必这么早来
How many kids do you have?	你有几个孩子
Tom felt cold.	汤姆觉得冷
He denied having taken part in the crime.	他否认参与了犯罪
They have been here for an hour.	他们已经在这里一个小时了
Did you make that mistake on purpose?	你故意犯那个错的吗
Do you like Indian food?	你喜欢印度菜吗
Put the chair in front of the desk.	把椅子放在桌子前面
Let me cut the carrots.	让我来切胡萝卜
If you want it, you can have it.	如果你想要的话
Where are you now?	你现在在哪里呢
The offer is too good to turn down.	此提议好得令人难以拒绝
Swimming makes your legs stronger.	游泳使腿部强健
Walk ahead of me.	在我前面走
Which hat is yours?	哪顶帽子是你的
He was forced to work overtime.	他被迫加班
I don't mind if I get wet.	我不介意被弄湿
Are there any questions?	有什么问题吗
As far as I'm concerned, she's a complete stranger.	她对我来说是一个完全陌生的人
They say that he will never return.	他们说他再也不会回来了
It's already time for us to go.	到我们该走的时候了
Do you have a bicycle?	你有自行车吗
Be kind.	友好点
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
I've got lots of questions.	我有许多问题
Let's start.	我们开始吧
Tom has been very careful.	汤姆非常谨慎
Everybody lies.	每个人都会说谎
He earned his living as a teacher.	他以当老师为生
You look very happy this morning.	你今天上午看起来很高兴
He spent the night at his uncle's place.	他在他舅舅那里过夜
I have a feeling he is right.	我觉得他是对的
Stick a stamp on the envelope.	把邮票贴在信封上
My grandfather lived a long life.	我的祖父很长寿
The car crashed into the truck.	汽车撞上了卡车
He is making cookies.	他在做曲奇
There's nothing to be afraid of.	没什么好怕的
I like playing the piano.	我喜欢弹钢琴
Come on, touch it.	来吧
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.	摇篮里学的带到坟墓
I know I heard something.	我知道我听到了什么
Everybody knew Tom could speak French well.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
It's free.	它是免费的
There is a lot of snow on the roof.	房顶上有很多雪
People who drink alcoholic beverages are not allowed to enter.	饮酒者不准禁入
My attitude towards him changed.	我对他的态度变了
Why can't ostriches fly?	为什么鸵鸟不会飞
He scraped the mud off his boots.	他刮下靴子上的泥巴
Tom wasn't finished yet.	汤姆还没完成
Umbrellas sell well.	雨伞卖得好
She has a rose in her hand.	她手里拿着一朵玫瑰
We are having a serious talk about your future.	我们在严肃地谈论你的未来
He entered the army.	他加入了陆军
Please wake me up at six tomorrow.	请在明天六点叫我起来
The plane was three hours late due to bad weather.	由于天气不好
He's highly intelligent.	他聪明得很
I asked Tom to close the door.	我要求汤姆关门
Should we have some lunch?	我们该吃午饭了吧
Tom lived in that small house for a little over ten years.	汤姆在那间小房子里住了十多年
She asked him to open the window.	她请他打开窗口
I've never climbed Mt. Fuji.	我从来没有爬过富士山
He is mean.	他很凶
This house is not for sale.	这房子不出售
If you do your best, you will succeed.	如果你尽力而为
Make another appointment at the front desk.	在服务台另外预约
He fell in love with her at first sight.	他对她一见钟情
Several cottages have been isolated by the flood water.	好几间小屋被洪水孤立起来了
What's the time in Boston now?	波士顿现在几点
Is a thousand yen enough?	1000	日元够不够
There's an old movie theater in town.	城里有一家古老的电影院
I don't feel like eating out this evening.	今晚我没心情出去吃饭
The worst is already over.	最坏的已经过去了
I don't know any of them.	他们中的任何一位我都不认识
This is smaller than that.	这个比那个更小
Our plans fell through at the last minute.	我们的方案在最后的时刻失败了
My teeth aren't as white as I'd like them to be.	我的牙齿没有我希望的那样白
I was in the bathroom.	我当时在卫生间
Switch on the light. I can't see anything.	把灯打开
We woke up very early in order to see the sunrise.	我们起得很早为了看到日出
It wasn't my fault.	那不是我的错
I am interested in sports.	我对运动感兴趣
She spent all afternoon cooking.	她花了整个下午作饭
We are sorry we can't help you.	我们很遗憾没能帮助你们
I don't know and neither does he.	我不知道
My home is far away.	我家很远
Do you have a larger size?	你有比较大的尺寸吗
How do you pronounce this word?	这个词怎么发音
Could you do me a favor?	请你帮我一个忙好吗
No security system is foolproof.	没有防傻的安全系统
There are some boys in the park.	公园里有一些男孩子
That tall boy saved the drowning child.	那个高个少年救了溺水儿童
Throw the ball back to me.	把球丢还给我
I'll have to find a part-time job.	我得找一份兼职工作
A burglar broke into his house.	一个窃贼闯进了他的房子
Tom needs to get into shape.	Tom	需要让身体好起来
Tom filled out the application form.	汤姆填写了申请表
The delegations of both countries met in Geneva.	两国代表团在日内瓦会面
I'm doubling my prices.	我正在把价格涨一倍
This medicine doesn't have side effects.	这药没有副作用
The lights in the bathroom aren't working.	洗手间的灯坏掉了
We have to stop the bleeding.	我们必须止血
If two men always have the same opinion, one of them is unnecessary.	如果两个人总是意见相同
You may use my new car.	你可以使用我的新车
Say hello to your father for me.	代我向你父亲问好
I am a student, but he isn't.	我是个学生
You don't have to do it right away.	你没必要马上去做
They accused me of having broken my promise.	他们指责我没有信守诺言
Is this edible?	这个能吃吗
Will you lend your dictionary to me?	把你的字典借给我好吗
Come what may, I won't change my opinion.	无论如何
Tom baked some chocolate chip cookies.	汤姆烤了些巧克力脆饼
Are you going, too?	你也要去吗
I was delayed by a traffic jam.	我被交通堵塞耽搁了
Are you serious?	你是认真的吗
There are a lot of eggs in the basket.	篮子里有很多鸡蛋
I don't like to use liquid laundry detergent.	我不喜欢用洗衣液
I can't live without you.	没有你我活不下去
This water tastes good.	这水很好喝
It's not necessary for us to attend this lecture.	我们没有必要出席这个讲座
I told Tom that I thought that it was a good idea.	我和汤姆说了
We don't want any freeloaders around here.	我们不希望有人在这里吃霸王餐
I don't want any bananas at all.	我一点也不要香蕉
I am interested in music.	我对音乐有兴趣
Could you please repeat what you just said?	您可以再重复一遍刚才说的话吗
Don't speak unless you have something worth saying.	除非你有什么值得说的话要说
Let's start with Lesson Ten.	我们从第十课开始吧
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.	每次他来这里点一样的菜
We postponed our departure because of the storm.	我们因为风暴推迟了起程
You used to be able to see the church from here.	你以前可以从这里看到教堂
Leave my car alone.	离我的车远一点
It is me that is wrong.	是我错了
Breakfast is from seven to nine.	早餐时间在七点到九点
Who did you see at the station?	你在车站看见了谁
I wish that we could spend more time together.	我希望我们有更多时间呆在一起
Two thirds of the employees of this company are engineers.	这个公司二分之三的雇员是工程师
Do you know how to drive a car?	您会开车吗
I succeeded in getting what I wanted.	我成功地得到了我想要的
He bought her a sweater.	他买了一件毛衣给她
I can't remember which is my racket.	我不记得哪个是我的球拍
There's not a moment to waste.	一刻也不浪费
It depends on the context.	这要看情况
Are they all like this?	他们都像这一样吗
Will it take long to recover?	复原需要花很长的时间吗
You could have done it.	你本来可以做的
May I leave now?	我现在能走了吗
I like each of them.	我喜欢他们每一个
This doll is a gift from my aunt.	这个洋娃娃是婶婶给我的礼物
You might not like this beer at first. It's an acquired taste.	刚开始的时候你可能不会喜欢这个啤酒
We could walk there together.	我们可以一起走著去
We heard a voice from the bedroom.	我们听到卧室里有声音
You can dig dirt from the ground.	你可以在地上挖土
I know those girls.	我认识那些女孩
It makes no sense whatsoever.	无论如何说不通
He was laughed at in public.	他在众人面前被嘲笑
Can I eat my lunch here?	我能在这里吃午饭吗
I really appreciate what you've done.	我真的很感激你所做的一切
I eat breakfast every morning.	我每天早上吃早餐
Is there anybody in the room?	屋里有人吗
He is busy preparing for the entrance examination.	他忙着准备入学考试
Stop meddling.	别再插手
What is Gestalt Therapy?	什么是格式塔疗法
Buy some milk on your way home.	回来的路上买点牛奶
I want to go with you.	我想和你一起去
I feel fine.	我感觉很好
Why doesn't he tell me jokes anymore?	为甚么他不再跟我讲笑话了
A bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain.	如果你把自行车留在雨中
I didn't go home yesterday.	我昨天没回家
I really do want that.	我真的很想要它
He doesn't like to eat fish.	他不喜欢吃鱼
"How do you feel?" he asked.	“	你感觉怎么样
I have a dog.	我有一条狗
I'm afraid of spiders.	我怕蜘蛛
I can teach you how to swim.	我能教你怎样游泳
Are you ready?	您准备好了吗
Light the candle.	把蜡烛点燃
The food tasted slightly of garlic.	这个食物尝起来有一点大蒜味
It'll cost about 10,000 yen.	这将花费约
He has a wonderful personality.	他有一个很好的性格
Can we go now, please?	请问我们现在能走吗
All essays must be handed in on time.	所有文章都必须在规定时间内交上来
The sky was completely dark.	天空完全变黑了
Don't put your elbows on the table.	不要把你的手肘放在桌子上
Everybody has weaknesses.	谁都有弱点
You have to leave.	你得走了
We had to go there together.	我们必须一起去
I trust his executive ability.	我相信他的执行能力
She looks unhappy.	她看起来不幸福
Tom and Mary went to the best restaurant in town.	汤姆和玛丽去了镇上最好的饭店
You've grown up.	你长大了
I don't think any more students want to come.	我觉得不会有更多学生想来了
Don't underestimate me.	别低估我
I don't like eggs.	我不喜欢吃鸡蛋
Why did you buy so many cookies?	你为什么买这么多曲奇
I wish I could go.	我希望我可以去
Tom isn't a good worker.	汤姆不是个好工人
I'm extremely tired.	我很疲惫
Some people shouldn't be forgiven.	有些人不应该原谅
It was only a partial success.	那只是部分的成功
Your father is tall.	你爸爸很高
I'm sorry she's not here.	对不起
She has an eye for beauty.	她有一双美丽的眼睛
He's the manager of the marketing department.	他是营销部的负责人
He waited for me until I arrived.	他等我直到我来
I like that singer a lot.	我挺喜欢那个歌手的
Do you feel any better today?	你今天感觉好多了吗
She sat next to me.	她坐在我旁边
She was susceptible to colds.	她易患感冒
I like traveling by train.	我喜欢乘坐火车
Our school begins at eight-thirty.	我们学校在八点半开始上课
How did you reply?	您怎么回答的
That was an excellent putt.	那是一个很棒的推杆
I'm crazy about you.	我为你着迷
Tom got ready for bed.	汤姆准备睡觉
Tell Tom I'll be there in a minute.	告诉
Let me think for a minute.	让我想想
Moderate exercise is necessary for good health.	适度运动对身体健康是必要的
His work is now complete.	他的工作现在完成了
I need a towel.	我需要一块毛巾
What'll you give Tom?	你要给汤姆什么
I need that as soon as possible.	我尽可能快地需要那个
Have you ever thought of becoming a nurse?	你曾经想过当个护士吗
It wasn't interesting at all.	一点也不好玩
The situation went from bad to worse.	情况越来越糟糕
Mail this letter.	把这封信寄了
They don't like you.	他们不喜欢你
She's dieting.	她在节食
The world is full of idiots.	世界上都是白痴
Tom hasn't talked to Mary about that yet.	汤姆还没跟玛丽谈那事
I told him what the problem was.	我告诉了他问题所在
I've lost my umbrella.	我丢了我的伞
I've gained weight.	我增加了体重
Things are getting out of control.	事情要失控了
She got first prize in the eating contest.	她在吃东西比赛里得了一等奖
If not now, when?	如果不是现在
They kept on walking.	他们继续走
The revolution has brought about many changes.	这场革命已经带来了很多改变
The price of the book was $5.	这本书的价格是
Welcome to your new home.	欢迎来到你的新家
It's all your fault.	都是你的错
Please bring us two cups of coffee.	请给我们来两杯咖啡
I didn't tell Tom what needed to be done.	我没告诉汤姆要做甚么
He bought a Honda.	他卖了一台丰田的车
Thank you in advance for your help.	我先谢谢你的帮忙
Spring is just around the corner.	春天就要来了
My son believes in Santa Claus.	我儿子相信圣诞老人
That's why he got angry.	那就是他生气的理由
You can take either road to get to the park.	哪条路都可以去公园哦
You don't get up as early as your sister, do you?	你比你妹妹起得晚
Tom has done that many times before.	汤姆之前做过很多次
He stopped to put on his shoes.	他停下来好穿鞋
Tom brings us gifts whenever he visits.	汤姆每次来看我们的时候都给我们带礼物
I can't hear you.	我听不见你
The importance of music is underrated.	音乐的重要性被低估了
Is Tom Canadian?	Tom	是加拿大人吗
Try it.	试试吧
They were satisfied.	他们满意了
Have you already bought the tickets?	你已经买了票吗
What time does the first train leave?	第一班火车什么时候出发
She's neither rich nor famous.	她既没钱
They made him do the work again.	他们要他再做一次这个工作
I made a long journey last year.	我去年做了一次长途旅行
They all laughed at his jokes.	他们全都被他的笑话逗笑了
I study about two hours every day.	我每天读书大约两个小时
What do you need?	你需要什么
I can't go with you today because I'm very busy.	今天我太忙了
Please give my regards to your father.	请替我向你父亲问好
The car he's driving is not his.	这辆他正在开的车不是他的
Tom and I are both tired.	汤姆和我都累了
You are just saying that.	你只是说说而已
My passport's been stolen.	我的护照被人偷了
Tom got ripped off.	汤姆被敲竹杠了
My dictionary is very useful.	我的字典非常有用
He got a loan from the bank.	他从银行得到了贷款
I wonder where Tom is planning to go to college.	我想知道汤姆计划去哪里上大学
Could you tell me the Wi-Fi password?	能不能请你告诉我
Printing ink is in short supply.	油墨快没了
You were at my wedding.	你出席了我的婚礼
A blast of cold air swept through the house.	冷空气疾风席卷整栋房子
We caught some large fish there.	我们在那里抓了一些大鱼
You are in a safe place.	您在一个安全的地方
What'll you be doing over the weekend?	你整个周末会做什么
Where were you yesterday morning?	你昨天上午在哪里
I don't eat bread.	我不吃面包
Please help me with my homework.	请帮我做我的家庭作业
She hugged him.	她抱了他
This sentence doesn't make sense.	这句话没意思
Tom can't drive a bus.	汤姆不能开巴士
White doves are pretty birds.	白鸽是种美丽的鸟类
It's a nice day.	今天天气很好
I am unable to finish my homework.	我无法完成我的作业
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.	善良是聋子能听盲人能看的语言
How about you?	您呢
His voice is pleasant to listen to.	他的声音听着很舒服
You have bad breath.	你有口臭
That bag is mine.	那个包是我的
My uncles come to see me from time to time.	我的叔叔们有时会来探望我
She played a waltz on the piano.	她在钢琴上弹了一首华尔滋舞曲
I love Korean food.	我爱韩国料理
I warned you not to come here.	我警告过你别来这里
The king governed the country.	国王统治了这个国家
Where can we make a phone call?	我们能在哪儿打电话
Can I use your dictionary for a minute?	我能用一下你的字典吗
I quit.	我退出
She was not in the mood for lunch.	她不想吃午饭
I feel like eating something sweet.	我想吃点甜的东西
You've got to go.	你们得走了
I will not eat ice cream.	我不会吃冰淇淋
He placed the book on the shelf.	他把书放在了书架上
It's fun to speak in French.	说法语很有趣
You're taller than me.	你们比我还高
It stopped snowing an hour ago.	一个小时前雪停了
Are you meeting someone here?	你在这里是要见谁吧
Farmers sow seeds in the spring.	农民在春天播种
Tom didn't tell Mary anything about that.	汤姆没有告诉玛丽关于那件事的任何信息
Shut the door.	关门
Open the door, please.	请把门打开
She showers every morning.	她每天早上都冲澡
I bought it last week.	我上周买了它
I want a boat.	我想要一艘船
Tom thanked everyone for waiting.	汤姆感谢每个人的等待
I'm sad without you.	没有你我很悲伤
I want to eat something that isn't sweet.	我想吃点不甜的东西
There's no salt left.	盐没了
Do it somewhere else.	到别处去做
Please sit on the sofa and relax.	请坐在沙发上放轻松
My father is always poking his nose into my private life.	我的父亲总是干涉我的私生活
We have two ears.	我们有两只耳朵
I'm sorry to put you through that.	很抱歉让你遭这罪
It's been a long war.	这是场长久的战争
He is just my age.	他和我同岁
They're fake.	它们是假的
Some people are difficult to please.	有些人很难取悦
That looks like blood.	那看起来像血
Tom never turned up again.	汤姆没有再出现
Has that secretarial position been filled?	秘书的职位已经有人了吗
Which is heavier, lead or gold?	哪个比较重
Can you demonstrate it?	您可以示范一下吗
I'm stuck here in Boston because of the storm.	我被风暴困在波士顿
Where did you get this?	这是你哪里拿的
She grew up to be a veterinarian.	她长大后成为了一名兽医
He has a lot of hobbies.	他有很多兴趣爱好
The men are wearing short sleeve shirts.	男人们穿著短袖上衣
Tom studies French as well.	汤姆也学法语
I don't think that it can get any worse.	我不认为那可以变得更糟
I've lost my pencil.	我的铅笔掉了
Their apples aren't as tasty as ours.	他们的苹果没有我们的好吃
In doing anything, you must do your best.	做任何事
Could we have a table outside?	我们在外面可以有一张桌子吗
What made her so angry?	什么事让她这么生气
You'd better not smoke while on duty.	当你值勤时最好不要抽烟
I don't think that she will come.	我不认为她会来
We didn't have computers when I was growing up.	我小时候的时候还没有电脑
Compass needles point to the north.	指南针的指针指向北边
We have to turn in our reports by the end of this month.	这个月底前
The kitten wants to come in.	小猫想进来
The earth orbits the sun once a year.	地球公转时间是一年
Tom seems to have a cold.	汤姆看来感冒了
Tom doesn't have any friends who are willing to help him.	汤姆没有愿意帮助他的朋友
Clean the room.	打扫房间
It never rains but it pours.	祸不单行
Don't ask her any questions about her marriage.	不要问她任何有关婚姻的问题
I really didn't even notice.	我真的根本没注意到
Please fill this bottle with water.	请把这个瓶子装满水
I'm sorry I misunderstood you.	我很抱歉误会了您
Who is next?	下一个是谁
You'd better do it soon.	你最好尽快去做
He made use of the opportunity to improve his English.	他利用这个机会提高英语水平
Don't talk rubbish.	别胡说
Her house is across the river.	她的房子在河的另一边
I know that you're richer than I am.	我知道你比我有钱
Do you know how to drive this thing?	你知道怎么驾驶这玩意儿吗
I'll definitely vote for Tom.	我一定要给汤姆投票
Neither of those two students passed the test.	两个学生都没通过考试
There are a lot of dictionaries in the bookcase.	书架上放着很多字典
She made cookies for the children.	她为孩子们做了饼干
She seems to have known the secret.	她好像已经知道这个秘密了
I'm seeing you in a new light.	我对你刮目相看了
Is this a duty-free shop?	这是一间免税商店吗
If you don't know the answers, guess.	如果你不知道答案
All at once she began to shout in a shrill voice.	突然间她开始用尖锐的声音大喊
I feel bad enough already.	我已经觉得够糟了
You got me.	算你狠
There are at least 500 students here.	这儿有不少于五百名学生
Studying abroad is very common now.	现在出国留学是很常见的了
Not a star was to be seen.	星星没有被看到
Didn't you write a letter to him?	你没写信给他吗
Study hard, and you'll succeed.	努力学习
I don't often do that by myself.	我不经常自己去做
Tom doesn't have to help me anymore.	汤姆不必帮我
Tom told me he was nervous.	汤姆告诉我他紧张
I ate a hasty lunch.	我匆忙的吃了午餐
I lost my way in the forest.	我在树林里迷路了
Don't waste your time.	别浪费时间
The parrot is dead.	那只鹦鹉死了
The girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom.	女孩在教室的角落啜泣
That white dress looks good on you.	你穿那件白色的衣服很好看
I'm afraid it won't work.	我怕它是行不通的
He's busy with his homework now.	他正忙着做作业
The sky is full of stars.	天空中繁星点点
I was a teacher.	我当过老师
I have a dim memory of my grandmother.	我对祖母的记忆很模糊
Am I in your way?	我碍著你了吗
I have to go.	我该走了
Tom turned red.	汤姆脸红了
He bought me a new dictionary.	他买给我一本新字典
This store is currently selling vegetables.	这家店在卖蔬菜
What you said about Tom isn't true.	你说的关于汤姆的话不是真的
He makes a living as a salesman.	他当推销员为生
I don't like you.	我不喜欢你
His methods are not scientific.	他的方法不科学
I'll miss your cooking.	我会想念你的厨艺
Tom was killed three years later.	汤姆在三年之后被杀了
We should've studied harder.	我们本该更加努力学习
I want you to grow up.	我希望你能长大
It's obvious that she's sick.	显然地她生病了
We need some more coffee.	我们需要多一点咖啡
I'm still waiting for Tom to get here.	我还在等汤姆来这里
Tom can't get his car started.	汤姆没法发动他的车
The fight is over.	斗争结束了
She returned the book to the library.	她把书还给了图书馆
She got all dolled up for her big date.	为了她的重要约会
I'm really bad at this.	我实在不擅长这个
They are arriving here soon from Hong Kong.	他们就快从香港抵达了
Let's just eat.	我们吃吧
Tom is smart.	汤姆脑子好使
That car is quite new.	那辆车十分新
Help yourself to whatever you like.	你想吃什么就吃什么
Where is the nearest police station?	最近的警察局在哪里
His name was on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn't remember it.	我都快要说出他的名字了
Keep on working.	继续工作
This kind of mistake is easy to overlook.	这种错误很容易被人忽视
My father is fifty years old.	我父亲五十岁了
I caught my finger in the door.	我的手被门夹到了
I am happy to have so many good friends.	我很高兴有这么多好朋友
You can go to the ballpark on this bus.	坐这个公车可以到球场
That's just what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
Everything is all right at home.	家里一切都好
I don't need to talk about it.	我不需要谈论它
We have time to spare.	我们有多余的时间
Tom likes them both.	汤姆两个都喜欢
Tom is an ignorant fool.	汤姆是个无知的傻子
I think it's dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it's stormy.	我认为在有风暴的时候里登山很危险
I'm going to study French.	我要学法语
"Would you like some tea?" "Yes, please."	“	来杯茶吗
We adopted a child.	我们收养了一个孩子
Tom will be there, won't he?	汤姆会在那里
She gave us a vague answer.	她给了我们一个模糊的答案
She's not a child.	她不是小孩
Quite by chance, I met my old friend at the airport.	很幸运地
Tom can't stay.	汤姆不能留下
Yesterday, the weather was very nice.	昨天天气非常好
How's it going?	你们好吗
I hate my computer.	我讨厌我的电脑
I was so homesick.	我很想家
I'd like a room with a good view.	我喜欢视野好的房子
He likes watching baseball games on TV.	他喜欢看电视上的棒球比赛
It was a calm winter evening.	这是个静谧的冬夜
Please fill this bucket with water.	请把这个桶子装满水
I haven't finished my supper yet.	我还没吃完晚饭
People are more educated now than they used to be.	现在的人教育程度比以前高得多
May I pay by check?	我可以用支票付吗
What do you think about this?	你对这件事有什么看法
Please speak more loudly.	请说大声一点儿
I went without food for a week.	我一星期没带食物去
I'm not really prepared.	我没有真的准备好
I sat by his side.	我坐在他旁边
This is Room 839.	这是
This book is really old.	这本书真的很旧
We've spent too much time here.	我们在这里花了太多时间
What is it that you want?	你想要什么
Did you go to the art exhibition?	你去看艺术展览了吗
Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are pliable.	事实是倔强的
May I introduce myself?	我可以自我介绍吗
The baby was fast asleep in her mother's arms.	孩子在母亲的怀中熟睡
This house isn't for sale.	这房子不出售
Where am I?	这是什么地方
You ought to see a dentist.	你应该去看牙医
They furnished the library with new books.	他们在图书馆装备了新的书籍
Their apples aren't as good as our apples.	他们的苹果没有我们的好
She always believes me.	她一直都相信我
Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's.	德国在
Nothing's as important as peace.	没有什么和和平一样重要
Tell Tom what Mary asked you to do.	把玛丽交代你去做的事告诉汤姆
The wind is blowing from the north.	风从北边来
He ate all of it.	他全吃光了
She will be a famous artist in the future.	她将来会是一个有名的艺术家
She has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants.	她真的有本事让别人做她想做的事
I went fishing last Monday.	上个周一我去钓鱼了
I'm pretty tall.	我相当高
My girlfriend cried.	我女朋友哭了
Sorry, I don't have any money.	抱歉
He spends lots of money on clothes.	他在衣服上花了很多钱
This is a bird sanctuary.	这是鸟类庇护所
We're not the ones getting married.	我们不是结了婚的人
You should put safety before everything else.	你应该把安全放在其他一切之上
He left Africa forever.	他永远地离开非洲了
I got scolded severely by that teacher.	我被那位老师严厉斥责了
That song was written by Tom.	那首歌是
He studies Chinese as well.	他也学习汉语
I think I'm intelligent.	我觉得我很聪明
I'm sick of English.	我厌倦了英语
I have some pens.	我有几支圆珠笔
Who's the girl at the door?	在门口的女孩是谁
This is one of the best restaurants that I've ever eaten in.	这是我吃过的最好的餐馆之一
Where's my plate?	我的盘子在哪
Once you've formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.	坏习惯一旦被养成
Bring your student ID card.	带上你的学生卡
What have you come here for?	你们来这儿干嘛
He is good at football.	他擅长足球
Have a pleasant journey.	旅途愉快
I'm having some problems compiling this software.	我编译这个程序有些困难
We had a good conversation.	我们谈得不错
She cared for her father until his death.	她照顾她的父亲直到他去世
She sometimes gets depressed.	她偶尔有忧郁的心情
He explained the literal meaning of the sentences.	他解释了句子的字面意思
Tom won't know what to do.	汤姆不会知道要做甚么
I've never seen Tom laugh.	我从没见汤姆笑
Tom snickered at Mary.	汤姆暗中笑玛丽
The kitten wanted in.	小猫想进来
This is my first time to visit Australia.	这是我第一次来澳大利亚
I miss him.	我想念他
Tom seems to really enjoy being in Boston.	汤姆看来真喜欢待在波士顿
That's the same story as I heard when I was a child.	那跟当我是个孩子时所听到的是同样的故事
Would you please take my picture?	请你帮我照相好吗
All you can do is wait.	所有你能做的就是等待
I poured water into the bucket.	我将水倒入了桶中
I was scared to be alone in the dark.	我害怕一个人处在黑暗之中
We're going to eat now.	我们现在就要吃饭
I'd like to reserve a hotel room.	我想要订房
We gave the car a push.	我们推了车
What is it that you need?	你需要什么
Arithmetic deals with numbers.	算数处理数字
I do not think that he will come.	我不认为他会来
How is your new class?	新的班级怎么样
The company abandoned that project.	公司放弃了那个项目
Please keep this secret.	请保守这个秘密
You can ask him for help.	你可以向他求助
He does nothing but complain from morning till night.	他从早到晚只是在抱怨
She looks unhappy.	她看起来不快乐
She answered my letter right away.	她立刻回信给我
War doesn't make anybody happy.	战争不会使任何人幸福
The engineer told us how to use the machine.	工程师告诉我们如何使用机器
He is about your age.	他跟您年纪差不多
He brought me coffee, when I had asked for tea.	我要的是茶
Can I borrow your digital camera tonight?	我今晚能借你的数码相机吗
I have to get up quite early tomorrow.	我明天得早起
Mary plays the piano.	玛丽弹钢琴
He was injured in the accident.	他在事故中受伤
He comes here twice a week.	他一周来这儿两次
Do you want rice?	你们要米饭吗
It seems obvious that he is sick.	似乎很明显他病了
I don't have any money with me.	我身上没有钱
He was sitting on the floor.	他坐在地上
This dictionary is mine.	这本字典是我的
The exam was two and a half hours long.	考试时间为两个半小时
I think we're ready.	我认为我们准备好了
I'm more interested in spoken English.	我对口语英语更感兴趣
He asked her seven times to marry him.	他求她跟他结婚求了七次
What's the answer to my question?	我问题的回答是什么
You look tired.	你看起来很疲倦
Stop gawking.	别再傻看着
I can't deal with this problem anymore.	我不能再管这问题了
Tom clenched the shovel.	汤姆握紧了铲子
At that time, Tom was sitting between Mary and John.	在那个时候
Tom needs Mary's help.	汤姆需要玛丽的帮助
Stay put till I get to you.	待在原地
Hold fire.	停火
Better late than never.	迟做总比不做好
My daughter is in her late teens.	我的女儿快二十岁了
Tom made a bet with Mary.	汤姆跟玛丽打了个赌
Why are we wasting time with this?	为什么我们在这上面浪费时间
Thanks for the advice.	谢谢你的建议
He likes to hunt.	他喜欢打猎
What kind of person is she?	她是怎样的人呢
Father named me after his aunt.	父亲以他姑姑的名字为我命名
They talked about love.	他们谈论了爱情
The bride seems to be very pretty.	新娘好像非常漂亮
You must not talk to Tom.	你绝不能跟汤姆说话
She spends a lot of time practicing the piano.	她花很多时间练钢琴
I'll come to your place.	我会来你的地方
Tom has no brothers or sisters.	Tom	没有兄弟也没有姊妹
Tom doesn't have to go to Boston next week.	Tom	下星期不用去波士顿
I'll pay you the money tomorrow.	我明天会付钱给你
He wrote it hurriedly.	他写得很匆忙
I love my grandmother very much.	我非常爱我的祖母
I always get along well with him.	我跟他总是相处得很好
My uncle gave me the watch.	我叔叔给了我这支表
He is an aggressive person.	他是个咄咄逼人的的人
How long have you worked with Tom?	你跟汤姆工作了多长时间
I really have to be going.	我真的得走了
I'm a professional photographer.	我是专业摄影师
You are selling him short.	你别小看了他
I'm afraid the job I've got for you won't be easy.	我恐怕我给你找的工作不轻松
I suppose he will be back soon.	我想他会很快回来的
She is fond of animals.	她很喜欢动物
Tom went blind.	汤姆失明了
Only one third of the members turned up at the meeting.	仅三分之一的成员出席了会议
Translating this sentence will be very easy.	翻译这个句子会很容易
Do you think Tom will let us do that?	你认为汤姆会让我们做吗
India is a developing country.	印度是发展中国家
Tom will go there tomorrow.	汤姆明天会去那里
They had a baby last week.	上周他们生了一个孩子
A friend in need is a friend indeed.	患难见真情
Mom is older than Dad.	妈妈比爸爸老
I have numerous books on my bookshelf.	我有大量的书在我的书架上
She lacks common sense.	她缺乏常识
Something is wrong with the brakes.	刹车出了问题
The baby is sleeping.	宝宝正在睡觉
What do you think of this one?	这个你觉得怎样
We need competent leaders.	我们需要称职的领导人
She said she had a cold.	她说她感冒了
We have a little time left.	我们还有一点时间
My parents objected to my studying abroad.	我父母反对我出国留学
There's no need to apologize.	没有必要道歉
Tom didn't think that anybody would recognize Mary.	汤姆不认为有人会认出玛丽
He spoke to me when he saw me.	他看到我的时候和我说话
Call us.	联系我们
I want him to read this.	想让他读这个
Are you doing anything special?	你在做什么特别的事吗
I was really confused.	我真的很困惑
It is said that his father died in a foreign country.	据说他爸爸在外国去世了
His face was covered with mud.	他的脸上满是泥
I shouldn't have told you anything.	我本不该告诉您什么的
You can park here.	这里可以停车
A square has four angles.	正方形有四个角
We ran short of money.	我们缺钱了
I have everything that I need.	我有我需要的所有东西
Please turn off the light before you go to bed.	上床睡觉之前请关灯
I brought you a little something.	我给你带了点东西
We have a party tomorrow evening.	明天晚上我们有一个派对
It is very hot today.	今天很热
You have to obey the law.	你必须遵守法律
You're an idiot.	你个傻子
Sorry for being late.	对不起
I love that story.	我喜欢那个故事
He found me a good seat.	他帮我找到了一个好位子
I wonder why I feel so lonely when it gets cold.	我很疑惑为什么天气变冷的时候我会觉得很孤单
This book is very interesting.	这本书很有趣
How often does the bus run?	公共汽车多久发车一次
What's wrong? You don't look too happy.	怎么了
He gave her a piece of advice.	他给了她一个忠告
Her father died when she was three.	她父亲在她三岁时死了
I know that she is Spanish.	我知道她是西班牙人
I'm not a dictator.	我不是独裁者
I can see Tom.	我看得见汤姆
I can't afford to pay so much.	我付不起这么多钱
I'd wear a helmet.	我要戴头盔
It may freeze next week.	下周可能会结冰
Learning English requires patience.	学英语需要耐性
What should they do in this situation?	在这种情况下
I go to bed very early.	我很早就去睡觉
The meeting was called off.	会议取消了
The meeting ended earlier than usual.	会议比往常早结束
Do you want to buy something?	你要买点东西吗
She put on her hat.	她戴上了她的帽子
It isn't necessary for us to attend this lecture.	我们没有必要出席这个讲座
Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.	结婚是所有离婚的主要原因
Can I begin?	我可以开始了吗
Spring will come soon.	春天快来了
This place is large, isn't it?	这个地方很大
If you bite me, I'll bite you back.	如果你咬我
I'm a loser.	我是个输家
I've already eaten breakfast.	我已经吃过早饭了
You're very shy.	你很害羞
You're the one who must decide.	你是要做决定的人
Would you like to listen?	你想听吗
Who teaches you French?	谁教你们法语
You're kidding!	你开玩笑吧
He is able to swim very fast.	他能游得很快
They're both artists.	他们都是艺术家
There wasn't a cloud in the sky.	天上没有一片云
She was on the verge of crying.	她要哭出来了
Tom is very annoying, isn't he?	汤姆是不是很烦人
Are you busy now?	现在你忙吗
He broke the window on purpose.	他故意打破了窗户
He is a promising student.	他是一位有前途的学生
The river that flows through London is the Thames.	流经伦敦的河是泰晤士河
I want to study math.	我想学数学
Can I use your phone?	我能用你的电话吗
There were no more free seats.	没有更多免费座位了
It's almost time for Tom to go.	汤姆快该走了
How lucky you are!	你运气多好啊
I have nothing to hide.	我没什么可隐藏
This is the house where he lived.	这是他住的房子
This time, it's different.	这次不一样
Who's worried about Tom?	谁担心汤姆
Australia is smaller than South America.	澳洲比南美洲小
What time will you leave?	你什么时候离开
He began to look for a job.	他开始找工作了
Is this your bicycle?	这是你的自行车吗
Can you read?	你能阅读吗
We plan to climb that mountain.	我们计划去爬那座山
I went to school yesterday.	我昨天去学校
He is eager to go there.	他渴望去那里
What time do you close?	你们几点关门
You'll never guess what Tom brought with him.	你永远猜不到汤姆带来了什么
I wish she had come last night.	要是她昨晚来就好了
We divided the money between us.	我们平分这笔钱
Are you going or not?	你去还是不去
Industry as we know it today didn't exist in those days.	我们今天所认识的工业在那个时代不存在
Tom asked me to shut the gate.	汤姆让我把门关上
I will find you your lost ring.	我会找到你丢失的戒指
I have no doubt about it.	我没有疑问
What's your mother tongue?	你的母语是什么
I like to watch baseball games.	我喜欢看棒球比赛
I didn't want to mislead anyone.	我不想误导任何人
I've been learning to drive.	我一直在学开车
He was involved in the trouble.	他被卷进了是非中
I don't remember.	我记不得了
You should go.	你最好去
Both of them are in the room.	他们俩都在房间里
The baby is playing with some toys.	这个小婴儿正在玩一些玩具
Summer is over.	夏天过去了
What fruit do you like the best?	你最喜欢什么水果
Tom no longer trusts Mary.	汤姆不再相信玛丽了
There's nothing you can do for Tom.	你无法为汤姆做甚么
I'll have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow.	你明天来的时候
Is that for sale?	这个卖不卖
I threw away my shoes.	我把自己的鞋子扔掉了
Call me if you discover anything.	如果你发现什么
This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve.	这个问题让小学生解决太难了
A fire broke out at the inn where they were staying.	火警发生在他们住的旅馆
He traveled around the country.	他周游全国各地
Do you have something to say?	您有什么事要说吗
Look at the sky.	看天上
My fingers are so numb with cold that I can't play the piano.	我的手指冻僵了
Tom was late for dinner.	汤姆晚餐迟到了
Millions were affected that day.	那天有数百万人受影响
Is it difficult eating with chopsticks?	用筷子吃饭难吗
My brother is not as tall as I was two years ago.	我弟弟没我两年前高
We were on the same train by chance.	我们偶然间乘了同一列列车
All the apple trees were cut down.	所有苹果树都被砍倒了
We got lost in the snow.	我们在雪地里迷了路
All you have to do is push this button to take a picture.	你要做的就是按这个按钮拍照
Tom told Mary he thought she was stupid.	汤姆告诉玛丽
You're the only one that can help us.	你是唯一一个能帮助我们的人
She had a healthy baby.	她生下了一个健康的婴儿
That's what I thought, too.	我也是这么想的
I think I should get right to work.	我认为我该马上去工作
What's your job here?	你在这里的工作是什么
You're a friend of Tom's, aren't you?	你是汤姆的一个朋友
I'm a vegetarian.	我是素食主义者
Get out!	滚出去
My vacation went by quickly.	我的假期一下就过完了
She applied her mind to her new job.	她专注在她的新工作上
I used a knife to cut the cake.	我是用刀切蛋糕的
Do I need surgery?	我需要做手术吗
When are you coming home?	你什么时候回家
Tell us what to do next.	告诉我们下一步该怎么做
Something is changing.	有些东西在变化
You've got to learn to hold your tongue.	你应该学著闭上你的嘴
A girl gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.	有个女生用一个橙子跟我换了一块蛋糕
Tom tried to convince Mary to knit him a scarf.	汤姆想说服玛丽给他织一条围巾
I'm very tired.	我很累
Please let me try the game.	请让我试试这个游戏吧
I can't make that decision for you.	我没有办法替你做这个决定
I'm not accustomed to getting up early.	我不习惯早起
I know that Tom is a little worried.	我知道汤姆有点担心
Nice to see you.	见到你真好
There is a TV in this room.	这个房间里有个电视机
How come you didn't say anything?	你为什么都不说话
Four is an unlucky number in Japan.	4	在日本是一个不幸的数字
He was able to solve the problem.	他能解决这个问题
He looks kind of pale.	他有点苍白
Shouting at your computer will not help.	对你的电脑吼一点帮助也没有
He was expelled from school.	他被逐出了学校
This house is haunted.	这间房子闹鬼
This is all I know.	这是我所知道的
Is it hard to speak English?	说英语很难吗
I'm not as brave as Tom.	我不像汤姆那样勇敢
Tom joined our company three years ago.	汤姆三年前进了我们公司
Salmon lay their eggs in fresh water.	三文鱼在淡水中产卵
We're almost broke.	我们快破产了
He often goes abroad on business.	他经常出国洽商
Tom frowned.	汤姆皱著眉头
You're frightening me.	你在吓我
You can bank on that.	你可以寄希望于此
Stick with it and you'll succeed.	坚持下来
The prisoner was given his freedom.	囚犯重获自由
He finally became the president of IBM.	他终于成了
London was very important for economical and cultural reasons.	伦敦过去因为经济和文化的缘故
That is why he got angry.	那就是他生气的理由
I hope you'll get better soon.	我想你快点好
I don't want Tom to see this.	我不想让汤姆看见这个
My brother took me to the museum.	我哥哥带我去博物馆
I found the comic book very interesting.	我发现这本漫画书非常有趣
You are responsible for the result.	你要对结果负责
Where is the police station?	警察局在哪里
Do you think you could make a little less noise?	你觉得你能少发点噪音吗
I see her sweeping the room.	我看见她在打扫房间
He ate all of the apple.	他把整个苹果都吃了
I visit him every other day.	我每隔一天拜访他
I'd like three pounds of chicken.	我要三磅的鸡肉
He's an excellent tennis player.	他是个很棒的网球选手
Tom woke when the phone rang.	当电话铃响的时候
Research on the causes of cancer is very expensive.	有关癌症成因的研究耗费颇巨
Tom shot himself in the head.	汤姆拿枪射自己的头
Who's to blame for the accident?	谁该为这次事故负责
My child is sick.	我的孩子病了
Come on. I want to show you something.	来吧
The boy I thought was honest deceived me.	那个我以为诚实的男孩欺骗了我
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who had to do that.	汤姆说他以为需要做那件事的就只有他一个
Where did you have your picture taken?	你是从哪里照的相
She achieved great success in her business.	她在她的事业上取得了巨大成功
Tom hid himself under the table.	Tom	躲在桌子底下
Sometimes I still miss her.	有时候
If you get sleepy, let me know.	困了的话就说哦
Tom has lost his mind.	汤姆失去理智了
What does this stand for?	这是什么意思
I'm afraid I can't help you. You must ask someone else.	我担心可能帮不了你
Keep an eye on the bags.	把包包看好
Is French easy to learn?	法语好学吗
We talked until two in the morning.	我们聊到凌晨两点
Some foods make you thirsty.	有些食物令人口渴
Tom can't afford this.	汤姆买不起这个东西
You can't fire us.	你们不能炒了我们
After I cleaned the window, I could see through it clearly.	清洁窗户后
This ball is that boy's treasure.	这个球是那个男孩的宝贝
I wish I could go to the party with you.	我希望我能和你一起参加派对
I don't want to talk about myself.	我不想谈我自己
You should have done so.	你本应该这样做的
The light turned green.	红绿灯变成绿色了
She's seventeen years old.	她十七岁了
Tom has no friends to play with.	汤姆没有朋友可以一起玩耍
Can I pay by credit card?	我可以用信用卡付帐吗
I am going to buy a new car.	我要买辆新车
Do you have a car?	你有车吗
My mother isn't at home.	我妈妈不在家
Nobody would listen to me.	没有人会听我说
Coal and natural gas are natural fuels.	煤和天然气是天然燃料
That's his house.	那是他家
Please take your hat off.	请您摘下您的帽子
I've made a mistake.	我犯了一个错
I'll give you a call tomorrow.	明天我给你打电话
I saw him looking at me.	我看见他在看我
Kissing a person who smokes is like licking an ashtray.	亲吻一个抽烟的人就像在舔烟灰缸
I can't leave.	我不能走
What is love?	爱是什么
Rome was not built in a day.	罗马不是一天建成的
Tom could write his name when he was three years old.	汤姆三岁的时候就能写自己的名字了
Tom encouraged Mary to try again.	汤姆鼓励玛丽再去尝试一次
Could you tell me where I can get a bus?	你能告诉我能在哪里上公交车吗
You're the only one I can trust.	你是我唯一能信任的人
That program is now being broadcast.	那个节目现在正在播出
Tom is still sitting in the waiting room.	汤姆还在等候室里坐着
I heard her singing.	我听见她唱歌了
This isn't the type that I like.	这不是我喜欢的类型
Where do you have pain?	你哪里痛
Tom doubts whether Mary is honest.	汤姆怀疑玛丽是否诚实
This is a friend of mine.	这是我的朋友
She seems to be unhappy.	她看起来不快乐
It belongs to me now.	它现在归我了
I started thinking about Tom.	我开始想起汤姆
Tom doesn't know how bad it is.	汤姆不知道它有多坏
Let's take the children to the zoo.	让我们带孩子们去动物园
I prefer milk to juice.	比起果汁
She married a rich man.	她嫁给了一个有钱人
We must never confuse the two.	我们决不能混淆两者
I'll stake my reputation on it.	我赌上我的名声
Did you do this on your own?	这是你自己做的吗
You're wasting our time.	你在浪费我们时间
I'm busy cooking at the moment.	我此刻正忙著做饭
Please wait for me at the entrance of the building.	请在建筑的入口处等我
We should try to avoid imposing our own beliefs on others.	我们应该尽量避免把我们自己的信念强加在别人身上
Did you give Tom the key?	你把钥匙给汤姆了吗
I'm sorry, could you say that again?	抱歉
They broke into the jewelry shop.	他们闯进了珠宝店
How did you make a living in Tokyo?	你在东京如何维持生计
I like candy.	我喜欢甜食
I really enjoyed your company.	我真的很喜欢你的陪伴
I never drink beer.	我从不喝啤酒
I thanked Mary for her help.	我对玛丽的帮助表示了感谢
I've had enough.	我已经受够了
You haven't changed at all.	你真的一点没变
Mary stayed up late last night.	玛丽昨晚熬夜
He cut down a tree in his garden.	他砍了花园里的一棵树
Tom begged me to let him go home early.	汤姆求我让他早点回家
Don't eat so fast.	别吃得这么快
There is a map on the wall.	墙上有张地图
Everybody but Tom knew he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
Are you looking for something?	您在找什么吗
Tom said that Mary looked very disappointed.	汤姆说玛丽看起来很失望
Do you have any light beer?	你有任何淡啤酒吗
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.	没有挑战就没有收获
Could you call me tonight, please?	今晚你能打电话给我吗
It is evident that he has made a mistake.	很明显的是他犯了错
He wants to be a tennis player.	他想成为一名网球选手
One can't help many, but many can help one.	一个人帮不了许多个
I have three dogs. One is male and the other two are female.	我有三只狗
The serpent tempted Eve.	蛇诱惑了夏娃
It was not until I reached home that I missed my purse.	那是在我到家以后
She wants to work at the hospital.	她想在医院工作
I want to know how long it'll take.	我想知道这需要用多久时间
She aspired to become an actress.	她立志成为一名演员
What is that big building in front of us?	我们面前的这幢高楼是什么
We were surprised to hear the news.	我们听到这个消息很惊讶
He made me a suit.	他给我做了套衣服
They won.	他们赢了
I don't know if I can help.	我不知道能不能帮上忙
Will you excuse us for a moment?	你可以等我们一下吗
I believe he is coming tomorrow.	我相信他明天会来
Let them decide.	让他们决定
I wish you luck.	祝您好运
Would you like another glass of wine?	你想再来杯酒吗
I caught the last bus.	我赶上了最后一班公车
Tom said he keeps a gun in his home.	汤姆说他的家里有把枪
He never speaks unless spoken to.	除非有人跟他说话
Now, what do you want to see?	你现在想看甚么
You'll understand someday.	你有一天会明白
I have a dictionary.	我有一个字典
We're still doing well.	我们依然做得很好
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.	我们今晚会吃很多
Today is Saturday and tomorrow is Sunday.	今天是周六
I still can't believe you're married.	我仍然无法相信你结婚了
When did this happen?	这是什么时候发生的
Tom and I have a lot more in common than I thought.	汤姆和我的共同点比我想的要多
Tom was an architect.	汤姆是建筑师
What you're saying doesn't make sense.	你说的没有意义
Tom has already gone to bed.	汤姆已经睡了
I can't believe you love me.	我不能相信你爱我
That isn't right.	不对
The cloth was dyed bright red.	布被染成鲜红
Tom is wearing the same clothes as he was yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
They made their way through the crowd.	他们从人群中挤过去了
I am expecting a letter from her.	我期待她的来信
I didn't enjoy it very much.	我不是很喜欢它
Is he afraid of death?	他怕死吗
To put it briefly, I do not agree.	简而言之
I wish I could buy a motorcycle.	但愿我能买一辆摩托车
I don't need you or anybody else.	我不需要你或别的人
She was in trouble because she lost her passport.	她遇到了麻烦
This is going to be a great trip.	这会是个绝好的旅行
Most Americans supported the decision.	大部分美国人支持这项决定
The price of rice has fallen.	米价下跌了
The room was cleaned by Tom.	这房间是由汤姆清扫的
I have finished my homework.	我已经完成我的作业
Will he be able to come tomorrow?	他明天能来吗
I'm free now.	我现在有空了
You should tell the truth.	你该把事实说出来
He threw a stone at the big dog.	他朝着大狗扔了块石头
I'm healthy.	我身体很好
Tom is a little boy.	汤姆是个小男孩
He will regret it sooner or later.	他迟早会后悔
"Shall I have him call you when he gets back?" "Yes, please."	“	等他回来
Tom sells T-shirts at a 30 percent discount.	汤姆以七折销售
The bookcase is level with the table.	书架和桌子齐平
Roll up your right sleeve.	卷起你右边的袖子
Tom didn't notice the surveillance camera.	汤姆没有注意到监控摄像头
Sorry to be late.	对不起我来晚了
This is about as large as that.	这个大约跟那个一样大
Restart your computer.	重新启动你的电脑
During the exam, Tom cheated off Mary.	在考试的时候
Be nice.	和气点
The storm had a serious effect on the economy.	这场暴风雪已经对经济造成了很严重的影响
That isn't true, is it?	那不对
We have no chance against those top players.	我们没机会赢那些一流选手
Anybody would be better than nobody.	不管是谁总比没人好
It was an uphill struggle.	这是个很艰难的斗争
We're still vulnerable.	我们还是脆弱不堪
I can do it in a week.	我可以在一周内做
He became more and more famous.	他越来越有名了
I wonder why they left my name off the list.	我奇怪他们为什么在表里把我的名字落下了
Why don't I call you?	我为什么不给你打电话
We're having lunch.	我们在吃午餐
He played the piano and she sang.	他弹钢琴
I had a really nice time tonight.	今晚我度过了一段非常美好的时光
I've always fed my dogs in the early evening.	每个傍晚我都会喂我的狗狗们
I've never seen him wearing jeans.	我从来没有看过他穿牛仔裤
He plays baseball tomorrow.	他明天将打棒球
It's pitch black.	天色漆黑
I'm afraid I wouldn't be very good company.	我恐怕不是个很好的伙伴
Move the chair nearer to the desk.	把椅子挪一挪靠近桌子
The precise time of their arrival is not known.	他们到逹的确切时间还未定
Why on earth did you sell your newly-built house?	你到底为什么把你新建的房子卖了
Do you have a car?	您有车吗
You have plenty of time.	你有足够的时间
What would you like for dessert?	你要什么甜点
He came to see me.	他来看我了
You can use the hotel's swimming pool.	你可以使用旅馆的游泳池
Where do you want to go?	你要去哪里
Tom made a list of places he wanted to visit.	汤姆列了他想去的地方的名单
Mary closed the door quietly.	玛丽悄悄地关上了门
I have to take my medicine every six hours.	我每六小时要服一次药
Don't talk nonsense.	别胡说
It may sound strange, but what she said is true.	听起来或许有点怪
Could we go somewhere and talk?	我们能去别的地方谈谈吗
What I want is some peace and quiet.	我所想要的是一点平和和安静
The population of London is much greater than that of any other British city.	伦敦的人口远远多于其他英国城市的人口
Fish and red wine don't go well together.	鱼和红酒不合
The coffee is cold.	咖啡是冷的
He was very busy all day.	他一整天都很忙
Stand up.	起立
I am online.	我上网了
He took us back in his car.	他开车送我们回来的
Years passed.	多少年过去了
She woke up on her own.	她自己起床的
We'll be here for three more days.	我们还要在这里待三天
Can you lend me 10,000 yen?	你能借给我
She thanked us for our help.	她感谢我们的帮助
Tom has to take the test again.	汤姆必须再考
It takes 165 years for Neptune to orbit around the sun.	海王星绕行太阳一周要花一百六十五年
That's an interesting piece of information.	这是条有趣的信息
She doesn't have any friends.	她一个朋友都没有
Shame on you guys.	替你们脸红啊
I've never underestimated Tom.	我从没低估汤姆
You made the mistake on purpose, didn't you?	你故意犯这个错
You don't seem happy.	你看起来不高兴
I am an honest person.	我是个老实人
Tom didn't seem to want to tell me why he'd done that.	汤姆似乎不想告诉我为什么他要那样做
Look at the large building over there.	看那边那幢高楼
Everyone inside the building felt the earthquake.	在建筑物里的所有人都感觉到了地震
He runs as fast as you.	他跑得跟你一样快
We took turns driving.	我们轮流开车
You are no better at remembering things than I am.	你记事情的能力并不比我好多少
I noticed a pattern.	我注意到一个图案
Where is my newspaper?	我的报纸在哪里
We had a late lunch at two.	我们在两点钟吃了晚午餐
I can't sleep at night.	我有失眠症
He is able to play the guitar.	他会弹吉他
Broccoli is one of the healthiest vegetables.	西兰花是最健康的蔬菜之一
While reading a book, I fell asleep.	我看书的时候睡着了
Have you handed in your homework?	你交功课了吗
Would you like bacon or sausage?	你要培根还是要香肠
I've never met such a kind man.	我从没遇到过那么好心的男人
I'd like to see a doctor.	我想看医生
Let's play soccer.	去踢足球吧
She should have arrived home by now.	她现在应该已经到家了
I can't imagine my life without you.	我无法想像没有你的生活
He was very old.	他很老
A man suddenly appeared in the doorway.	一个男的突然出现在门口
He is getting better day by day.	他一天一天地好转
I've never seen him in jeans.	我从来没有看过他穿牛仔裤
Open your eyes, please.	请睁开眼睛
You should be kind to others.	对其他人你应该和善一点
Japan has a high population density.	日本的人口密度很高
Where is the book?	那本书在哪儿
Did you see my father?	你看到我父亲了吗
What exactly happened to you?	你到底怎么回事嘛
There was a heavy rain last night.	昨晚下大雨
We traveled all over the country.	我们游遍全国各地
Swimming develops your muscles.	游泳锻炼肌肉
My father made me what I am.	我父亲让我知道了我自己是谁
A fork fell off the table.	叉子从桌上掉了下来
You're my best friend.	你是我最好的朋友
These are my books, and those are his books.	这些是我的书
His father dedicated his life to science.	他的父亲把一生奉献给了科学
Choose your favorite racket.	选择你喜欢的球拍
My brother can drive a car.	我哥哥会开车
He has gone to Britain.	他已经去了英国
I love my life.	我爱我的生活
He arrived in time.	他及时赶到
Please serve him his meal first.	请先为他上菜
Mary has just come home.	玛丽刚刚回家
Tom was questioned by the police.	汤姆被警察盘问
I'm cool.	我很酷
I almost never watch TV nowadays.	现在我几乎不看电视
You can take your time.	你可以慢慢来
Who's your most interesting friend?	你最有趣的朋友是谁
He will come back sooner or later.	他迟早会回来的
He isn't my brother. He's my cousin.	他不是我的兄弟
This room is cleaned by Tom.	这房间是由汤姆清扫的
The telephone rang several times.	电话响了好几次
Perhaps I'll be able to help you.	我可能能帮你
I want to know where they are.	我想知道他们在哪里
Just pull the door shut. It'll lock by itself.	只要推门就好了
How much is the tour per person?	一个人的旅费多少钱
I really don't sing.	我真的不会唱
Turn back, please.	请回来
It's cold.	天很冷
Tom happened to meet Mary at the supermarket.	汤姆在超市偶遇玛丽
You shouldn't have gone there.	你不应该去那里的
My blood type is A positive.	我的血型是
That's very handy.	这很方便
We don't have time to argue.	我们没有时间来辩论
A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.	一鸟在手胜过二鸟在林
Please knock before entering.	进来之前请敲门
A lot of people came today.	今天来了很多人
My dad is busy.	我爸爸很忙
Wipe the pan dry with a paper towel.	用纸巾把平底锅擦干
He is an American.	他是美国人
From now on, try harder.	从现在起
He is a pleasant person.	他是个好脾气的人
Did the police find any fingerprints?	警察找到指纹了吗
Tom isn't feeling very well.	汤姆感觉不太好
Almost everyone in our village is related to one another.	我们村里所有的村民几乎彼此都是亲戚
You should eat more vegetables.	你应该多吃蔬菜
I often go sailing on weekends.	我经常在周末去航海
They're all innocent children.	他们都是无辜的孩子
His observations are sharp, but he doesn't say much.	他的观察是敏锐的
Thanks to you I've lost my appetite.	多亏你我胃口都没了
Do you like apples?	你喜欢苹果吗
We had to live together.	我们要在一起生活
My baggage is missing.	我的行李丢了
I'm in a bad mood today.	我今天的心情不好
I stayed home because of the rain.	因为下雨
Tom is Mary's uncle.	汤姆是玛丽的叔叔
I know that feeling.	我知道那种感觉
Tom has high blood pressure.	汤姆有高血压
She wanted to wash the dirty clothes.	她想洗脏衣服
Tom is no longer a member of this club.	汤姆不再是俱乐部的成员了
I don't like school.	我不喜欢学校
I owe my success to his help.	我的成功要归功于他
These are the medicines I use.	这些是我吃的药
What do you think about that?	你认为如何
It's a little cold today.	今天有点冷
As soon as Tom sat down, he started eating.	汤姆一坐下就开始吃东西
Everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion.	大家都渴望知道前冠军得主发生了什么
This ticket is good for three days.	这张票三日有效
This beach is a paradise for surfers.	这个海滩是冲浪者的天堂
Tom tried to catch up with Mary, but he couldn't.	汤姆试图去追上玛丽
They must've made a mistake.	他们一定是犯错了
My heart was filled with happiness.	我心里充满着快乐
What's new?	有什么新鲜事吗
I can't find the broom.	我找不到扫把了
Wait for me downstairs.	在楼下等我
What have I got to lose?	我要失去什么
As is evident from the data, smoking is not decreasing among the young.	数据表明年轻人抽烟的现象没有减少
Why does no one believe me?	为什么没有人相信我
How weird!	多怪啊
She doesn't get outdoors much.	她没有常到户外
This car isn't worth repairing.	这辆车不值得修理
Tell me how you're feeling.	告诉我你的感受
I'm not feeling well.	我感觉不舒服
I want you to sleep on it.	我想要你睡在它上边
Tom seems to be a fairly successful businessman.	汤姆看来是个很成功的商人
He is married to an American lady.	他和一个美国女人结婚了
The boy made fun of the girl.	这个男孩取笑了这个女孩
He is the richest man on earth.	他是世界上最有钱的人
There were fifty passengers on the plane.	飞机上有
Behave yourself.	规矩点
Give me some milk, too.	也给我一些牛奶
Learning English is hard work.	学习英语很辛苦
Does Tom know you work here?	汤姆知道你在这里工作吗
I will play tennis this afternoon.	我今天下午会去打网球
My wish is to become a teacher.	我的愿望是成为一个老师
Why didn't you do it?	你为什么没做
Speech is silver, silence is gold.	开口是银
That's right, isn't it?	这是对的
Is it always a sin to tell a lie?	说谎总是一种罪吗
That's the computer he used to write the article.	那就是那台他用来写文章的电脑
Can you teach me how to fly?	你能教我飞吗
That's avoidable.	那是可避免的
I went to the hospital yesterday.	我昨天去了医院
Tom said Mary likes driving.	汤姆说玛丽喜欢驾车
How much are you paying Tom?	你给汤姆多少钱
Yes, I know it.	是的
I heard the song sung in French.	我听过这首歌的法语版
Tom just got divorced, too.	汤姆也刚离婚
The man robbed her bag.	这名男子抢走了她的包包
There's a basket under the table.	桌子底下有一个篮子
You're on the right track.	你在正确的轨道上
I'll be here tomorrow, I think.	看来我明天会到这里来
Tom owns two houses and a boat.	汤姆拥有两套房子和一只船
If you eat that much, you'll have a stomachache.	那么吃的话
Have a good weekend.	周末愉快
The sun rose over the horizon.	太阳升出了地平线
Where will you have lunch today?	你今天将在哪里吃午餐
The vase was shattered.	花瓶被打碎了
Do you know whose this is?	你知道这是谁的吗
Tom was a little late.	Tom	迟到了一小段时间
I'm tired of watching television.	我厌倦了看电视
I can't stand his arrogance.	我受不了他的傲慢
The nurse will tell you how to do it.	护士会告诉你怎么做
Let's clear up this problem.	让我们来澄清一下这个问题
I'm impatient.	我是个急性子
His uncle died five years ago.	他的叔叔五年前去世了
I'm not asking you. I'm begging you.	我不是要求你
Were you guys serious?	你们是认真的吗
Usually I cycle or get the bus to work.	我通常骑自行车或乘公交车去上班
Tom never saw her again.	汤姆没再见过她
I'll never allow you to do that.	我绝不会让你去做
I always get nervous just before a match.	比赛前我一直都很紧张
You have a good job.	你有一份好工作
I hope people are satisfied.	我希望人们满意
Which do you like better, dogs or cats?	狗和猫你更喜欢哪一个
I have a friend whose father is a magician.	我一哥们儿他爹是变戏法的
I don't think that he's honest.	我不觉得他很诚实
The plane takes off in ten minutes.	飞机十分钟后起飞
Have you ever seen a koala?	您曾经见过考拉吗
I want to go to America some day.	有一天我要去美国
I helped my father with the work.	我帮我父亲做这个工作
We'll have to wait and see.	你得等一等看
Tom was absent yesterday.	汤姆昨天缺席了
She has to take a remedial course in English.	她需要上英语补习班
He sang while working.	他一边唱歌一边工作
Stand back from the rope.	退到绳子后面
We'd better sit down here.	我们还是在这里坐下吧
She will accompany me on the piano.	她会弹钢琴为我伴奏
She was always quarreling with her brothers.	她一直和她的兄弟争吵
Who drew it?	谁画的
You're really useless.	你真没用
It's foggy outside.	外面起雾了
Tom needs to see you in ten minutes.	汤姆需要在十分钟内见到你
An honest man never steals money.	诚实的人从不偷钱
He was very good at playing tennis.	他打网球打得很好
I miss you so much.	我如此想念你
He wants to get a new dictionary.	他想得到一本新的字典
Keep them.	留着吧
I can't speak English at all.	我一点英文都不会说
Read this.	念这个
Someone pushed me inside.	有人推我到里面
My sister takes piano lessons twice a week.	我妹妹每周上两次钢琴课
You must go outside if you want to smoke.	如果您想抽烟的话
When are you leaving?	你什么时候离开
Where do I have to change trains?	我要在哪里换火车
The house was ablaze.	房子被火吞噬了
The recent coffee shortage brought about many problems.	近来咖啡的短缺造成了许多问题
The flood caused a lot of damage.	洪水造成了很大的损害
She never wears green.	她从来不穿绿色的衣服
Tom said that he didn't have it all figured out yet.	汤姆说他还没把事情完全搞明白
My wallet and passport are missing.	我的钱包和护照不见了
We must reduce energy demand.	我们必须降低能源需求
I have a surprise for you.	我带了一个惊喜给你
Where do you live now?	你现在住在哪里
How long are you going to stay?	你准备待多久
Please give me a minute to explain.	请给我些时间来解释
She is a wonderful woman.	她是个很棒的女人
When was the last time you watered the garden?	你最后一次给花园浇水在什么时候
As soon as she wakes up, we'll turn on the music.	她一醒
We're going to climb that mountain.	我们将要去爬那座山
Tom wears a hat every day.	Tom	每天都戴帽子
The other day I went fishing for the first time in my life.	前几天人生第一次去钓鱼了
She cannot be over thirty.	她不可能超过
My father likes strong coffee.	我父亲喜欢浓咖啡
Do you have school on Saturdays?	你星期六要上学吗
He could not breathe deeply.	他无法深呼吸
Don't distract me while I am studying.	当我学习的时候不要打扰我
Tom lit his cigar.	汤姆点了雪茄
I should be ready by 2:30.	我应该在
He crept out of the room very carefully to avoid waking her up.	他很小心地溜出房间
Tom held up one finger.	Tom	抬起一只指头
Compared with her sister, she isn't very punctual.	与她的妹妹相比
This medicine will help you.	这个药会帮助你
Horses are useful animals.	马是种很有用的动物
The number of traffic accidents seems to be on the increase.	交通事故的数量似乎在增长
Almost no one believes her.	几乎没人相信她
Are you angry with Tom?	你在生汤姆的气吗
She gave him a tender kiss.	她给了他一个温柔的吻
He looks strong.	他看起来很强壮
Hardly anyone thinks that we are sisters.	几乎没有人认为我们是姐妹
A great many people attended his funeral.	很多人都参加了他的葬礼
No one can control him.	没人管束或开导他
Please take more care in the future.	以后请注意点
I was about to leave when you came in.	你来的时候我刚好要走
You may choose any book you like.	你可以选择任何你喜欢的书
I can swim well.	我游泳可以游得很好
It's ten minutes to eleven.	还有十分钟就十一点
Why were you late this morning?	今天早上你为什么迟到了呢
I won't be fooled.	我不会上当的
I threw a stone at the bird.	我扔了块石头打向鸟儿
It is likely to be fine tomorrow.	明天天气可能很好
Are you referring to me?	你在说我吗
We cannot overestimate the value of health.	我们不能高估健康的价值
I thought it was very good.	我觉得它真的很不错
Where did you meet Tom?	你是在哪里认识汤姆的
Tom hung his jacket in the hall closet.	汤姆把夹克挂在大厅衣柜里
Your manners aren't very good.	你的礼貌不是很好
Tom told me he had lost his textbook.	汤姆告诉我他丢了课本
I know he is watching me.	我知道他在注意我
Do you plan to stay long?	你打算长时间停留吗
What are you going to do today?	你今天要做什么
This is the best movie I've ever seen.	这部电影是我迄今为止看过的最好的一部
How did you do on your exam?	考得如何
This tea tastes good.	这茶味道不错
Please come back home as soon as you can.	请尽快回家
She runs.	她跑
The plane is about to take off.	飞机快要起飞了
I prefer red wine to white wine.	我喜欢红葡萄酒胜过白葡萄酒
My sister sometimes makes our dinner.	我的妹妹有时为我们做晚餐
They're special.	他们很特别
It is going to be cold tonight.	今晚会很冷
Get on the horse.	上马
His bag is right here, so he cannot have gone to school yet.	他的包就在这儿
He ran faster than his brother did.	他跑得比他哥哥快
Will you listen to me for a few minutes?	您愿意听我说几分钟话吗
I should've gone to bed earlier last night.	我昨晚应该早点睡觉的
When you hurt others, you also hurt yourself.	你若是伤害别人
Be at the station at 11 o'clock sharp.	十一点准时到车站
The radio is too loud. Can't you turn it down a little?	收音机太响了
The main question is how does Tom feel.	主要的问题是汤姆的感受如何
Did you cut the paper?	你裁切纸张了吗
You may park here.	这里可以停车
Can you help me?	您能帮我吗
I don't like the way you talk to me.	我不喜欢你和我说话的口气
I don't want to hurt his feelings.	我并不想伤害他的感情
She left early in the morning.	她清晨离开了
The days are getting longer and longer.	白天渐渐地越来越长
Where's my wife?	我的妻子在哪里
He did not work on Sunday night.	他周日晚上不工作
I usually have a light breakfast.	我早餐通常吃得很清淡
On my way home, I met him.	我在回家的路上遇见了他
Did you receive my letter?	你收到了我的信了吗
The exhibition is already open.	展览现在已经开放
He made remarkable progress in English.	他的英语有了显著的进步
I rented a house with a garage.	我租了一间有车库的房子
I agreed with him on that point.	我在那一点上同意他
He has poor eyesight.	他的视力不佳
He said, "I want to be a scientist."	他说
Can I fix you a hot drink?	我可以为你调杯热饮料吗
This is delicious.	很美味
She stepped forward to shake his hand.	为了握住他的手
When did Tom ask you to do that?	汤姆是甚么时候让你去做的
I studied English for four years with a native speaker.	我跟英语母语者学了四年英语
I did it.	我做到了
He's the only survivor in the village.	他是村子里面唯一在世的人
Could I borrow your eyeliner?	我可以借用您的眼线笔吗
I study French after dinner every day.	我每天吃过晚饭后都会学法语
I'm famished.	我肚子饿极了
I've been to Australia three times.	我去过澳洲三次
I bought that car.	我买了那辆车
What's your favorite song?	你最喜欢的歌是什么
She hit him.	她打了他
Today is my sister's birthday.	今天是我姊姊的生日
She is always trying new things.	她总是尝试新事物
I love apple juice.	我爱苹果汁
Languages aren't his forte.	语言不是他的强项
Get me some towels from the bathroom.	给我从浴室拿几条毛巾来
She says you'll bring some friends along.	她说你会带一些朋友过来
Tom listened carefully.	汤姆仔细听
I haven't seen a thing.	我什么都没看见
I know that you hired Tom.	我知道你雇了汤姆
The old man starved to death.	这位老人饿死了
This is a dead-end alley.	这是个死胡同
He's in charge of the department.	他负责这个部门
The landlord says he wants to raise the rent.	地主说他要提高租金
How much does that cost?	多少钱
Please leave me alone.	请让我静一静
I got five hours sleep last night.	我昨晚睡了五小时
You like rain, don't you?	你喜欢雨对吧
I found it easy to speak English.	我发觉说英语很简单
He's a fast walker.	他走路很快
Tom got up from his desk.	汤姆从办公桌旁站了起来
I'll tell you the truth.	我会告诉你真相
When was she born?	她是什么时候出生的
Six divided by two equals three.	六除以二得三
I would like to become a poet.	我想要成为诗人
This is the best book that I've ever read.	这是我读过的最好的书
Pardon me, do you speak English?	对不起
I am doubtful whether he will come.	我怀疑他是否会来
Do you know what I mean?	你知道我的意思吗
Tom, what do you want for supper?	汤姆
There are some apples in the basket.	篮子里有一些苹果
I learned a lot from his books.	我从他的书学到了很多
He is terrible at math.	他的数学很不好
Go get your passport.	去拿你的护照
This is all the money I have on me.	这是我身上所有的钱
I know that you are learning French at school.	我知道你在学校学法语
She wears high heels to make herself look taller.	她穿著高跟鞋
All of our students are studying French.	我们所有的学生都在学法语
I didn't know what to do.	我不知道该怎么办
I'm drinking orange juice.	我在喝橙汁
It is about time we bought a new microwave oven.	我们是时候买新的微波炉了
I think you're dumb.	我认为你傻
We don't have another choice.	我们没有别的选择
Which season do you like the best?	您最喜欢哪个季节
Could you pass me the mashed potatoes?	你能给我土豆泥吗
They were carelessly unaware of the danger.	他们粗心大意
I learned to drive a car when I was eighteen and got a driver's license.	我十八岁时
The rope broke under the strain.	绳子被拉断了
This could be fun.	这可能很好玩
I wish Tom were my younger brother.	但愿汤姆是我的弟弟
I can't walk.	我不能走
That's exactly how I feel.	那就是我的感受
Will you put on this kimono?	你会穿这件和服吗
Tom didn't seem to be intimidated.	汤姆似乎没有被吓到
Since I couldn't pay the rent, I asked him for help.	因为我付不了租金
All the world speaks English.	世界各地都说英语
It makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month.	每个月还清信用卡负债很重要
The phone rang when I was having lunch.	当我正在吃午餐时
Believe it or not, she has three children.	她有三个孩子
Why should anyone be surprised?	为什么任何人应该感到惊喜
I've been spending too much time with Tom.	我在汤姆身上花的时间太多了
I don't have an ear for music.	我不懂音乐
I'm studying computer science.	我在学习计算机科学
We'll be busy.	我们会很忙
I know that everything I need is here.	我知道这里有我想要的一切
Tom was completely exhausted.	汤姆完全筋疲力尽了
Wait for me.	等等我
I often hiccup.	我经常打嗝
What have you come here for?	你为什么来这儿
Can you feel the difference?	你能感受到不同之处吗
What were you doing this morning?	今天早上你在做什么
Do you have these shoes in my size?	你们这款鞋子有我的尺寸吗
He doesn't like fish.	他不喜欢吃鱼
Please let me off at the next stop.	请在下一站让我下车
Come as soon as you can.	尽快来
I know this area pretty well.	我很了解这地方
I'm not sure when he'll come.	我不确定他什么时候来
I'm fed up with English.	我受够英文了
She hated him.	她恨他
You're stupid.	你二了
You worry too much about your weight.	你太担心您的体重了
I turned right.	我往右拐了
Choose the color you like the best.	选你最喜欢的颜色
Everybody likes to goof off.	所有人都喜欢偷懒
How much do you love me?	你有多爱我
You're smart.	你很聪明
The boy feared the dark.	这个男孩害怕黑夜
He is always a little irritable in the morning.	他早上总是有点脾气暴躁
I'm a hero.	我是个英雄
Tom is always absent.	汤姆总是旷课
It snowed for ten consecutive days.	雪持续下了十天
That was you, wasn't it?	那就是你
I didn't think this was your seat.	我不认为这是你的座位
Shake my hand.	和我握手
I bathe once a day.	我每天洗一次澡
He confessed his guilt.	他承认他有罪
It's not mine.	不是我的
The taller the tree, the more likely it is to be struck by lightning.	树高遭雷击
Tom recently found a good job.	汤姆最近找到了一份好工作
I bought it at a department store.	我在百货公司买了它
How much is that mountain bike?	那辆山地车多少钱
I am at home.	我在家里
What did she buy at the shop?	她在店里买了什么
What should be done?	怎么办
I made up my mind to study harder.	我决定更努力地学习
Is it large enough?	这么大的够用吗
I want you to stay a little longer.	我想让你再呆一会
She isn't at home now.	她现在不在家
He put away his toys.	他收起了他的玩具
I will love you forever.	我会永远爱你
Thank you for inviting me.	谢谢你邀请我
Where did you go last Sunday?	上周日您去哪儿了
I went swimming in the river.	我去河里游泳
Who's she?	她是谁
I don't have any sisters.	我没有姐妹
I'm afraid I have to go now.	恐怕我现在得走了
The fire was out.	火熄灭了
I'm tired.	我很累
The poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.	可怜的人民任凭残暴的独裁者处置
I'm sorry, but it's just not possible.	我很抱歉
I'm sure of his success.	我肯定他会成功的
I can't do anything but obey him.	我除了听从他之外什么也不能做
He anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.	他匿名向红十字捐了大笔钱
Will he be able to catch the train?	他能赶上火车吗
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.	我认为我现在有足够的钱买我想要的那辆车
The word is unfamiliar to me.	我对这个单词不熟
Of course.	当然
She'll cry even when no one is looking.	没人盯着她的时候
We'll find some other way to do that.	再想别的办法吧
There's still blood on the wall.	墙上还是有血
He gave me 10,000 yen.	他给了我
I don't expect that they will support my view.	我不期望
Tom clapped.	汤姆拍了手
Give me the same, please.	请给我同样的东西
He's interested in many things.	他对很多事情都有兴趣
They say you shouldn't take rumors seriously, but that's easier said than done.	人们常说不要乱相信谣言
She got out of the car.	她从车里出来了
Keep it in a cool place.	保存在阴凉的地方
It looks like it's going to snow.	看起来快下雪了
He wants to go to the United States.	他想去美国
Drive slowly.	开车慢点
What time does boarding begin?	什么时候开始登机
Please spell your name.	请拼一下您的名字
We are badly in need of food.	我们非常需要食物
Tom is not dumb.	汤姆不傻
There are three of us.	我们是三个人
You should come back immediately.	你应该马上回来
Her eyes shone with joy when she saw that her mother was not mad at her.	当她看到妈妈没在生她的气
No, I don't think so.	我可不这么觉得
The two teams fought very hard.	两队打了场硬仗
The statue of Hachiko, the faithful dog, stands in front of Shibuya Station.	忠犬八公的雕像伫立在涩谷站前
How many pens do you have?	你有多少支铅笔
I wasn't yet married at that time.	那个时候我还没有结婚
Merry Christmas!	圣诞快乐
What time do you start work?	你什么时候开始工作
She's still dependent on her parents.	她现在依然依靠父母生活
Do you care what they think?	你关心他们在想什么吗
We haven't yet been told what we need to do.	还没人告诉我们要做甚么
Who does the gun belong to?	这把枪是属于谁的
We were crowded into the small room.	我们挤进了那间小房间里
We have no electricity.	我们没有电
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle.	你昨天看到的那个男人是我叔叔
I'll carry this suitcase for you.	我会帮你提这个手提箱
I thought Tom had heard us.	我觉得汤姆听说过我们
I can't follow your logic.	我跟不上你的逻辑
Can you turn the TV down?	您能把电视开小声点吗
He cut the envelope open.	他裁开了那个信封
Why couldn't you sleep last night?	为什么你昨晚睡不着
I give you my word.	我向你保证
I'll call you as soon as I can.	我会尽快给你打电话的
My grandfather likes to walk.	我爷爷喜欢步行
The baby was in a deep sleep in his mother's arms.	孩子在母亲的怀中熟睡
No matter what I do, she says I can do better.	不管我做什么
I don't work on Sundays.	我星期天不工作
We need to go.	我们必须走了
I've never heard Tom speaking French before.	我以前从没听过汤姆讲法语
Please do that.	麻烦您那样做
She found a job as a typist.	她找到了一份打字员的工作
I will not do it again.	下次我不做了
How much sugar should I put in your coffee?	我应该往你的咖啡里放多少糖呢
This tea is very good.	这杯茶很好喝
The baby was sound asleep in her mother's arms.	孩子在母亲的怀中熟睡
Tom has been in the hospital for a month.	汤姆已经住院一个月了
They talked over the plan for hours.	他们谈计划谈了几个小时
I'm interested in history.	我对历史有兴趣
What do we have to do?	我们必须做甚么
I've just eaten lunch.	我刚吃过午饭
I know those tall girls quite well.	我跟那些高个子的女孩很熟稔
Could you give me a discount?	能不能给我打折
You broke the rules.	你触犯了规则
I can't bear to deal with her anymore.	我再也忍受不了她了
Can we roller-skate in this park?	我们可以在这个公园里玩四轮溜冰吗
Why do you hate me?	你为什么恨我
You should've done it earlier. It can't be helped now.	你本应该早点做的
I have known her for two years.	我认识她两年了
You said you'd help me.	你说过你会帮我的
Thanks for the clarification.	感谢澄清
I want you to be prepared.	我想让你准备好
Better late than never.	迟到总比不到好
Please give me a glass of water.	请你给我一杯水
She fooled him.	她骗了他
You should tell him the truth.	你该告诉他真相
She resembles her aunt.	她长得像她姑姑
She knows how to play the guitar.	她知道如何弹吉他
Don't underestimate your own strength.	不要低估自己的实力
Who is that?	那是谁
What's your name?	您叫什么名字
This is weird.	奇怪
I'm not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.	我不太确定我们是否能够满足你的要求
I'm here on business.	我在这里出差
My father often goes to America on business.	我爸爸经常去美国出差
What do you need this money for?	你需要这些钱做什么
We saw him walking across the street.	我们看见他正在过马路
I actually didn't say that.	我其实没那么说
If you listen closely enough you'll be able to hear it.	靠近一点听
There are many more students in the classroom today than yesterday.	今天教室里的学生比昨天还要多
We both won.	我们都赢了
The papers blew off.	文件被风刮起来
Tom has three cats.	Tom	有三只猫
I wish I were younger.	但愿我年轻一点
I don't know what to believe anymore.	我再也不知道该信甚么了
Why do you need this money?	你为什么需要这笔钱
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.	伯拉罕
He often plays guitar.	他常常弹吉他
Hit Tom.	去打汤姆
I so wanted to believe that.	我好想相信
Do you want to be rich?	你想致富吗
I think he'll come.	我想他会来的吧
You have beautiful lips.	你的嘴唇很漂亮
Tom is a dolphin trainer.	汤姆是海豚训练员
Tom won't stop.	汤姆不会停
They had a lovely time together.	他们在一起很愉快
It's only two miles to the village.	到村庄只有两英里
The child cried.	小孩哭了
How's the apple?	这个苹果怎么样
It's very cold here in February.	这里在二月时非常冷
This is what Tom would want me to do.	这就是汤姆想让我做的
What subject do you think he is interested in?	你觉得他会对什么主题感兴趣
Fluency in English is a must.	流利的英语是必须的
We had a very good time last night.	我们昨晚过得非常开心
I'm really concerned about your future.	我真的很关心你的未来
Where's the cafeteria?	自助餐厅在哪里
I really can't figure out why.	我真的搞不懂为什么
My blood pressure is 155 over 105.	我的血压为
She cooked vegetable soup for us.	她为我们煮了蔬菜汤
London is among the world's largest cities.	伦敦是全世界最大的城市之一
The clock has stopped.	时钟已经停止了
Tom closed his eyes.	汤姆闭上了眼睛
We have five English lessons a week.	我们一周有五堂英语课
She was at a loss for words to express her feeling.	她已经无法用语言表达她的感觉了
Can I borrow your car tonight?	我今晚可以借一下你的车吗
Would you please look over my report?	你可以仔细检查一下我的报告吗
You don't need to prepare a formal speech.	您没必要准备一个正式的演讲
I never thought something like that could happen.	我从来没想到会发生那种事
He loves to fish.	他酷爱钓鱼
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden.	斯德哥尔摩是瑞典的首都
As for me, I'm satisfied.	就我而言
They love each other.	他们彼此相爱
We had some chicken soup.	我们喝了些鸡汤
I am in touch with him.	我与他联系
The guests are in the kitchen.	客人们在厨房
I'm undressing.	我脱衣服
Your grades are better than mine.	你成绩比我好
He walks his dog every morning.	他每天早晨溜狗
Please think about the problem.	请想想这个问题
She passed away peacefully in her sleep.	她在睡眠中安详地去世了
The old man died from hunger.	这位老人死于饥饿
My house is just across the street.	我的房子就在对街
I usually go to school by bicycle.	我通常骑自行车去上学
It can be dangerous.	它有危险
You're so right.	你真是太对了
I'm not wearing any underwear.	我没穿内衣
It really is very annoying.	真是烦死了
I want that bag.	我想要那个袋子
That happens every day.	那样的事天天都有
Tom hoped that Mary wouldn't die.	汤姆希望玛丽别死
She made a lot of spelling mistakes.	她犯了很多拼写错误
We are all longing for peace in the world.	谁都希望世界和平
I wonder if Tom likes me.	我不知道汤姆是否喜欢我
Let me show you around our house.	让我带你四处看看我们的房子
How much is the commission?	手续费是多少
Tom had trouble standing up.	汤姆站立困难
I'll miss you all so much.	我会很想念你们的
The policeman was drunk.	警察醉了
Pass me the wine, please.	请把酒递给我
You're not old enough to get a driver's license.	你还没到可以拿驾驶执照的年龄
The judge's decision is final.	法官判决定谳
She must be angry with me.	她一定在生我的气
This book is small.	这本书小
Would you lend me your dictionary?	你可以借我你的字典吗
Cut the potatoes.	把土豆切一下
He played the part of Hamlet.	他扮演哈姆雷特的角色
I can't keep up with Tom.	我跟不上汤姆
Swimming at night is dangerous.	夜里游泳很危险
What happened to your friend's daughter?	你朋友的女儿怎么了
I have already changed my clothes.	我已经换了我的衣服
Where did you see her?	你在哪儿看到了她
I find that it's typical for him to come too late.	我发现他就是会很晚才来这样的人
I didn't know you didn't know how to swim.	我不知道你不会游泳
I want an MP3 player!	我想要一个
A true gentleman would not betray his friends.	一个真正的绅士不会出卖他的朋友
He's afraid of making mistakes.	他很怕出错
Of course.	当然是的
Is this your pencil?	这是你的铅笔吗
After two days our food gave out.	过两天我们的食物就发完了
Everybody's worried.	每个人都担心
Anything you say may be held against you in a court of law.	你所说的一切都将成为呈堂证供
Tom needs to speak to Mary.	汤姆需要跟玛丽说话
Our baseball team is very strong.	我们的棒球队很强
I did something really stupid.	我做了很蠢的事
I'm considering studying in America next year.	我在考虑明年去美国学习
Tom won't be here long.	汤姆不会在这里久留
Can you walk?	你能走吗
I like Tom, too.	我也喜欢汤姆
Tom is a grumpy old man.	汤姆是个脾气暴躁的老人
I'm afraid that you misunderstood me.	恐怕你误解我了
Tom is out cold.	汤姆正昏迷不醒
I wish I had seen her.	但愿我见过她
She was about to leave.	她正要出去
As the train came to a halt, all of the passengers wondered what was happening.	当列车停止时
Have you made any New Year's resolutions?	你有没有许下什么新年愿望
Can I borrow your book for a minute?	我可以借一会你的书吗
Tom is the one I want.	汤姆是我要找的人
Let's be realistic.	现实点吧
Do you actually believe that?	你真信吗
I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.	我总是想有兄弟姐妹会怎么样
The weather forecast says it will be fine tomorrow.	根据气象预报
Tom is thirty years old.	汤姆今年三十岁
My father has never been abroad.	我父亲从来没有出过国
I've done my best.	我已经尽力了
I'm sick of eating fast food.	我受够吃快餐了
Tom's hair was disheveled.	汤姆头发蓬乱
I'm a slave.	我是个奴隶
I have never been to the States.	我从来没去过美国
Do you know why?	您知道为什么吗
Well, have you decided?	那么
Mary dyed her hair blue.	玛丽把头发染成蓝色
Tom and Mary stayed in a fancy hotel.	汤姆和玛丽入住了一家高档酒店
Is it OK to take pictures here?	这里允许拍照吗
Do you regret marrying me?	你后悔跟我结婚吗
You are your own worst enemy.	你是你自己最大的敌人
He taught himself French.	他自学法语
English is taught in most countries.	英语在大部份的国家被教授
What's your nickname?	你的昵称是甚么
Come and take a look.	来看看
Is there anything in the box?	箱子里有任何东西吗
Tom often takes pictures with his phone.	汤姆经常用手机拍照
I can read Spanish easily.	我能很轻松地读西班牙文
I'm the only one who can do that.	我是唯一能做到那个的人
I would like to go to the concert with you.	我想和你一起去音乐会
Did Tom say who?	汤姆说是谁了吗
I'm walking with her.	我正跟她一起走
I have two dogs. One is white and the other black.	我有两条狗
I grow tomatoes and onions in my garden.	我在花园种了番茄和洋葱
I promised.	我答应了
Tom will be painting the fence tomorrow.	Tom	明天将漆栅栏
I invited my friends.	我邀请了我的朋友
Compare your answer with Tom's.	比较你和汤姆的答案
I've read many kinds of books.	我已经读过很多种类的书了
What do you call this flower?	这个花叫什么名字
I'm glad I could be of service.	能够出一份力太好了
It's food.	它是食物
Tom is drinking apple juice.	Tom	正在喝苹果汁
My mother made me a white dress.	我妈妈为我做了一件白色的洋装
Tom was the one who suggested that I buy this.	汤姆是建议我买这个的人
My father repaired my old watch.	我父亲修理了我的旧手表
I know the real reason you don't want to go.	我知道你不想去的真实原因
Can we meet tomorrow morning at nine?	在明天早上九点见可以吗
Watching TV is a passive activity.	看电视是一种被动的活动
I can play tennis.	我会打网球
The audience was largely made up of very young children.	大部分观众是年幼的儿童
He turned over the matter in his mind.	他在心里反复思量这件事
Large, isn't it?	很大
I borrowed this comic from his sister.	我向他的妹妹借了这个漫画
What did you come here to do?	您来这儿干嘛
Did Tom tell you where he was going?	汤姆告诉你他去哪儿了吗
Who do you suggest we talk to?	你建议我们跟谁讲话
Even his servants despised him.	连他的仆人都鄙视他
I'm not a child, but sometimes you talk to me as if I were a child.	我不是小孩子
We don't think it's serious.	我们认为这不严肃
I've lost my wallet.	我掉了我的钱包
A good idea suddenly came to me.	我的大脑里突然出现了一个很好的想法
The policeman didn't tow your car away.	警察没有拖走你的车
People used to laugh at us.	人们以前笑话我们
My father loves pizza.	我父亲爱吃比萨
Even with all the money he has, he isn't happy.	尽管他有那么多钱
I can't do any better.	我做得好到不能再好了
I had nothing to hide.	我没什么可隐藏
I have to go to the bathroom.	我要去厕所
He has been to Hokkaido.	他曾去过北海道
We still have many other things to discuss.	我们还有许多别的事情要讨论
It's likely that she'll succeed.	她很有可能会有所成就
Show him in.	让他进来
He is studying in the library now.	他现在在图书馆读书
I don't know where my watch is.	我不知道我的手表在哪里
I don't think it's a good idea.	我觉得这主意不行
I have to take a test tomorrow.	明天我必须参加考试
An old man broke into our conversation.	一位老人打断了我们的谈话
Is there anyone in the room?	房间里有人吗
I arrived in Tokyo at noon.	中午
I will ask him about it tomorrow.	我明天会问他
Let me do this for you.	让我为您做这件事
The train is here.	这班火车已经到了
I never drink tea with lemon.	我从来不喝柠檬茶
I may have made a mistake.	我可能犯了个错
My plan is to buy a car.	我打算买辆车
He played tennis all day long.	他整天打网球
Can I have the menu again, please?	麻烦让我再看看菜单好吗
She doesn't live there any more.	她不再住在那里了
How curious!	多怪啊
We've been going out three months.	我们交往了三个月
That's the way it is.	就是这样的
He suspects me of telling a lie.	他怀疑我说谎
He always plans a thing out carefully before he does it.	他每件事做之前都会细心计划
I wouldn't buy anything in this store.	我不会在这家店买任何东西
Why are you not doing it?	你为什么不做
She's concerned about your safety.	她担心你的安全
You must choose.	你必须选
I don't know what to open it with.	我不知道用什么能打开它
I'm not sure of the exact date.	我不知道确切的日期
This book is not as large that one.	这本书没那本大
You should sleep for eight hours a day.	你应该每天睡八个小时觉
The sky grew darker and darker.	天空变得越来越暗了
John is two years older than me.	John	比我大两岁
Tom has contributed a lot of money to this hospital.	汤姆捐献了很多钱给这间医院
Tom isn't likely to do that again.	汤姆不太可能再那么做了
She is nothing but a child.	她只是个孩子
Do you think it's a trap?	你认为它是陷阱吗
History repeats itself.	历史自会重演
Tom found the key that he thought he'd lost.	汤姆找到了他以为已经遗失的钥匙
She went over the list to see if her name was there.	她走过去看看她的名字是否在清单上
It's said that she's a well-known actress.	我听说她是个有名的演员
Do you have anything to declare?	你有任何要申报的东西吗
I generally walk to school.	一般我步行去学校
He was severe with his children.	他对自己的孩子很严格
Winds from the sea are moist.	从海洋吹来的风感觉湿漉漉的
You have lovely eyes, don't you?	你有一双可爱的眼睛
Tom has a plan.	汤姆有个计划
I work for a bank.	我为一家银行工作
She remained single all her life.	她终生未婚
This is my first time.	这是我的第一次
He will be back in ten minutes.	他十分钟后会回来
We must take into account the fact that he is young.	我们必须考虑到他很年轻
Are you talking to me?	你在跟我说话吗
I haven't done very much this year.	我今年没做多少事
The shooting started around noon.	拍摄是在中午十二时左右开始
He has had a crush on her.	他一直暗恋着她
A lot of people don't know how to do that.	很多人不知道怎么做
Tom knows how to behave in public.	汤姆知道在公众场合怎么样自处
She said that she was a little tired.	她说她有点累了
She looks blue for some reason.	由于某些原因
I think so.	我想是这样的
Today's even busier than normal.	今天比平时还忙
I'll give you this money.	我会给你这笔钱
You could be right, I suppose.	我猜想你可能是对的
Do you know which book sells well now?	你知道现在哪本书卖得好吗
Tom is a real good man.	汤姆是个很好的人
We don't want anything from you.	我们不想从你身上要任何东西
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health.	新鲜水果和蔬菜有益健康
We've really got to step on it.	我们真的得加紧步伐了
There's a white dove on the roof.	屋顶上有只白鸽
How large is your family?	你的家庭有多大
Do you play soccer?	你踢足球吗
I'd like three of these.	这个给我来三个
You are irresistible.	你是不可抗拒的
Tom's delighted.	汤姆兴奋不已
Tell her to come at noon.	让她中午过来
It wasn't a very interesting novel.	这不是一个很有趣的小说
These peaches aren't very sweet.	这些桃子不是很甜
Let's visit some temples tomorrow.	让我们明天参观一些寺庙
I have money.	我有钱
Tom is so hot.	汤姆非常性感
Our school is across the river.	我们学校在河的对面
I encouraged Tom to study harder.	我鼓励汤姆更努力学习
I don't think that I can help you very much.	我看我帮不上你很多忙
Tom is a friend of mine.	汤姆是我朋友中的其中一位
She stayed in that area for a short while.	她在那地方待了片刻
Prices have reached a 13-year high.	价格已经达到了十三年以来的最高点
Do as you want.	你想怎么做就怎么做
I asked him to come with me and he agreed.	我让他随我来
I just remembered that I was supposed to buy a loaf of bread.	我才想起来我之前该买个面包
When do you need it by?	您何时需要它
I prefer rice to bread.	比起面包
I don't remember where I bought it.	我记不起来我在哪里买的了
I wanted to stop Tom.	我想阻止汤姆
This must be changed.	这必须改
Do you want to go somewhere?	你打算去什么地方吗
The old man gave the child shelter.	这位老人收容了这个孩子
Where does this street lead to?	这条街通到哪里
You said you had important news.	你说你有重要新闻
He forced her to sit down.	他强迫她坐下
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想考试失败
I think jogging is good exercise.	我认为慢跑是很好的运动
What do you want to get Tom for Christmas?	你们想送汤姆什么圣诞礼物
Please sit down.	请坐一下
I have nothing to do with the crime.	这个犯罪和我一点关系都没有
Tom's check bounced.	汤姆的支票被退票了
I'm sorry I didn't make myself clear.	对不起
I'm hoping that'll happen.	我希望那会发生
I'm quite satisfied with my life.	我对我的人生很满意
Cherry blossoms are very beautiful.	樱花非常漂亮
Let's finish up in a hurry.	让我们快点做完吧
You may go anywhere.	您可以随便去哪儿
I really like what I do.	我真喜欢我做的事
We take health for granted until illness intervenes.	我们视健康为理所当然
She smiled at her baby.	她对著她的孩子微笑
I arrived in London.	我到达伦敦了
Don't eat too much.	别吃太多
The class begins at 8:30.	课程八点半开始
It's time to leave.	是时候离开了
She cursed loudly.	她大声诅咒
She called me many a time.	她叫了我很多次
Let's consider the worst that could happen.	考虑一下最坏的情况下会发生什么
I am on speaking terms with Tom.	我和汤姆无话不说
That student runs fast, doesn't he?	那个学生跑得很快
She made me a cake.	她为我做了一个蛋糕
The exhibition is now open.	展览现在已经开放
I couldn't get the point of his speech.	我不能抓到他演讲的重点
I'm here, too.	我也在这里
We have space for two beds.	我们有两张床的空位置
Finland is a small country.	芬兰是小国
What a beautiful flower!	多漂亮的花啊
A map helps us to know where we are.	地图帮助我们知道所在的位置
Could you bring my breakfast to room 305?	你可以把我的早餐送到
Traffic downtown is all backed up.	市中心的交通都堵塞了
Isn't it black?	它不是黑色的吗
Don't stand in front of me.	不要站在我前面
She said something to him.	她对他说了些话
Saturn is a planet.	土星是一颗行星
Don't you have any money?	你没有钱吗
I know none of them.	他们中的任何一位我都不认识
We got involved in a traffic accident.	我们被卷入了一场交通事故
Do you know when they will arrive?	你知道他们什么时候到吗
When did you go to work?	你什么时候上班
How much is this pen?	这支钢笔要多少钱
I played tennis after school.	放学后我打了网球
I like taking walks in the woods.	我喜欢在树林里散步
I rejected the offer.	我拒绝了报价
I'll get some help.	我会需要帮助
It's time to go.	该走了
I was right behind you.	我就在你后面
All of a sudden, it became cloudy.	忽然天气转为多云
I have no homework today.	我今天没有功课
That girl is good-looking.	那个女孩长得很好看
I like chocolate.	我喜欢巧克力
Are you ready to proceed?	准备好继续了吗
Forewarned is forearmed.	凡事要预先准备好
You won't be punished.	您不会受罚
It isn't dinnertime yet.	现在还不是晚饭时间
Tom translated the document into French.	汤姆把文档译成法语
I'd like to go with Tom.	我想跟汤姆走
What's that bird?	那只鸟是什么
It is said the house is haunted.	据说这房子是个鬼屋
He asked me whether I was busy.	他问我是否很忙
Can you solve this problem?	你能解决这个问题呢吗
The prisoner was brought before a judge.	这个囚犯被带到法官面前
She got a new CD player yesterday.	她昨天得到了一个新的
My mother made me take some medicine.	我妈妈让我吃点药
That factory makes toys.	那家工厂生产玩具
Take anything you like.	拿走你喜欢的任何东西
A gentleman wouldn't do such a thing.	一个绅士是不会做这种事的
Who told you the story?	谁告诉你这个故事
This work doesn't pay.	这份工作不付钱的
Surgery is the best solution.	手术是最佳解决方案
We watched the children play.	我们看着这孩子玩耍
Tom hid his money under his mattress.	汤姆把钱藏在床垫底下
I'm curious.	我很好奇
It's very hot in this room.	这间房里很热
I didn't know Tom was going to be arrested.	我不知道汤姆要被逮捕了
We were nearly frozen to death.	我们几乎被冻死了
He took it literally.	他按照字面上的意思
He's a comedian.	他是喜剧演员
I had a tennis match with him.	我曾与他的比赛网球
He looks young.	他看起来很年轻
I'll pay the bill.	我来付账
Don't be rude.	不要失礼
This song is very popular in Japan.	这首歌曲在日本很受欢迎
This chair is ugly.	这把椅子很难看
We were kids then.	我们那时是孩子
How old is your oldest son?	你的长子几岁
The criminal didn't let the hostages go.	罪犯没有放人质们走
She has broken the toaster again.	她再次弄坏了烤面包机
I have a bad headache today.	今天我头痛欲裂
I've put all of my energy into this plan.	我在这项计划上投入了所有精力
Did you bring an umbrella with you?	你有带雨伞吗
He is from France.	他是从法国来的
Tom was advised by Mary not to go there by himself.	玛丽建议汤姆不要独自去
She gave me a strange look.	她奇怪地看了我一眼
Equality is guaranteed by the Constitution.	平等是由宪法保障的
There is no denying that she is very efficient.	无可否认她非常有能力
I will explain it to her.	我会跟她解释的
We all have secrets.	我们都有秘密
The bike parked over there is my brother's.	那边停著的那辆自行车是我哥哥的
Tom didn't let his children go to Mary's party.	汤姆没有让他的孩子们去玛莉的派对
The king will appear in person tomorrow evening.	国王明晚会亲自出现
I suppose you like him.	我猜想您喜欢他
I wish Tom could've been there.	我希望汤姆能在那里
I'm sorry for the late response.	我很抱歉回复晚了
Because of the rain, we weren't able to play tennis outside.	由于下雨
She prepares wholesome meals for her family.	她为她的家人准备健康餐
I need a good pair of sunglasses.	我需要一副好的太阳眼镜
I had a nice chat with her.	我和她聊得很愉快
There is no school during August.	8	月份没课
I have just been to the post office.	我刚刚去了邮局
I'll go with you as far as the bridge.	我会跟着你走到桥那里
Lonely people tend to be afraid of meeting others, which ensures they will always be lonely.	孤独的人会孤独
We go to school to study.	我们去学校学习
How many days are there in a week?	一周有几天
He worked too hard, and became sick.	他工作得太多
I bought her a nice Christmas present.	我给她买了一个不错的圣诞礼物
He is crazy about jazz.	他醉心于爵士乐
I wouldn't buy that for Tom.	我不会给汤姆买那东西
A spark caused the gunpowder to explode.	一点火花让火药爆炸
A famous architect built this house.	一个有名的建筑师造了这栋房子
Asia is much larger than Australia.	亚洲比澳洲大很多
I saw a horse pulling a cart.	我看见一匹马拉著一架马车
I am familiar with the author's name.	我对这位作者的名字很熟悉
He has made a fortune through hard work.	他通过努力挣了大笔钱
I have a lot of sheep.	我有很多绵羊
Turn on the computer.	打开电脑
That white parasol is hers.	那把白色阳伞是她的
I like children. That's why I became a teacher.	我喜欢孩子
I bet he doesn't make it.	我打赌他没搞定
Is this something you want?	这是你要的吗
The students have returned.	学生们回来了
May I run with you?	我可以跟你一起跑吗
I hope to see it again.	我希望再次见到它
Will you switch seats with me?	您愿意跟我换座位吗
He is fond of watching baseball games on TV.	他喜欢看电视上的棒球比赛
A man can't escape his past.	人无法逃避过去
The bottle smashed to pieces.	瓶子摔成了碎片
The lake was frozen.	湖冻冰了
What do you think of it?	你对这件事有什么看法
"Is she coming, too?" "I hope so."	“	她也会来吗
I want some money.	我想要点钱
It's difficult for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.	法语说得快
I had a funny dream last night.	我昨晚做了一个有趣的梦
The mechanic assembled the engine.	这名技师组装了这台引擎
I had no trouble finding his office.	我毫不费劲就找到他的公司
What's the matter?	怎么了
It's too dark to play tennis now.	现在太暗了不能打网球
Half a loaf is better than none.	聊胜于无
How come you know so much about Japanese history?	你为什么知道这么多的日本历史
Could you come up here?	你能来这里吗
You can come in.	你可以进来
I'm counting on your help.	我指望你的帮助
They made their way toward the town.	他们往小镇方向去了
Sorry, we don't accept credit cards.	对不起
It wasn't very hot last night.	昨晚不是很热
Balls are round.	球是圆的
Tom hasn't talked to Mary in years.	汤姆多年没有和玛丽说话了
They're typical youngsters.	他们是典型的年轻人
Tom prepared his speech very carefully.	汤姆很认真地准备他的演讲
I can solve the problem by myself.	我可以自己解决这个问题
They'd have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.	车子若是掉落悬崖他们早就没命了
She won many competitions.	她赢了许多比赛
Vegetables are getting more expensive.	蔬菜越来越贵了
He was late because of the snow.	他因为下雪所以迟到了
Tom got into trouble.	汤姆遇上麻烦了
That coat may have cost a lot of money, but it's worth it.	那件大衣可能需要很多钱
I'm three years younger than you are.	我比你小三岁
He goes to London once a month.	他一个月去一次伦敦
I'll show you how to catch fish.	我会向你展示怎样捕鱼
They had their houses destroyed by a strong earthquake.	他们的房屋被强烈地震摧毁了
I want everyone to help me clean the house.	我希望所有人都来帮我打扫房子
Today's friends are tomorrow's enemies.	今日的朋友是明日的敌人
A dog will bark at strangers.	狗会对陌生人叫
Do you think he is good for the position?	你认为他适合这个职位吗
It's really not important.	真的不重要
I'm never coming back here again.	我不会再回来了
It's a dead end.	这是个死胡同
What kind of a person is Tom?	汤姆是个什么样的人
In spite of the heavy rain, he visited his friend in the hospital.	尽管雨下得很大
Please wait a little while longer.	请稍等一会儿
The faucet is dripping.	水龙头在滴水
I just saw Tom.	我刚刚见到汤姆了
Could you help me translate this into French?	你能帮我把这译成法语吗
I can understand him perfectly.	我十分能理解他
She always keeps her promises.	她总是信守承诺
He makes three times more money than I do.	他赚的钱比我多三倍
We can fix that.	我们可以修那个
Is there any mail for me today?	今天有给我的邮件吗
They say she and her husband can't agree on anything.	他们说她和她的丈夫不可能对任何事达成协议
He showed interest in the plan.	他对这个计划表示了兴趣
That's my toothbrush.	这把是我的牙刷
Please phone me before you come.	请你来之前打电话给我
Let's cross the street.	我们过马路吧
No one wants that.	这个没人要
You must always tell the truth.	你必须永远说实话
We can see more and more swallows.	我们能看到越来越多的燕子
You did not come to school yesterday.	你昨天没来学校
I would like mine rare.	我的牛排要生的
Classes begin next week.	课程下周开始
There are fifty members in this club.	这个俱乐部里有
I'm never at home on Sundays.	我周日从不在家
I'm sure Tom came here yesterday.	我很肯定汤姆昨天来过这里
I want to write an article.	我想写篇文章
I studied last night.	我昨晚学习了
There are a lot of books in the library.	图书馆里有很多书
Are you sure of your facts?	你确定你的资料属实吗
I'm so happy.	我好高兴
What is over there?	那是什么
Are you sure Tom can do that?	你确定汤姆能做吗
Doing this is a lot of fun.	这样做很有趣
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do what we asked him to do.	汤姆说他做不成我们要他做的事
Skating is one of my hobbies.	溜冰是我的嗜好之一
Please buy a tube of toothpaste.	请买一支牙膏
Can I talk to you privately for a minute?	我能跟你私下谈一分钟吗
I have to go to the toilet.	我要去上厕所
He came to my office yesterday.	他昨天来我的办公室
At last it's stopped raining.	终于不下雨了
You have a strange sense of humor.	你有种奇怪的幽默感
Sometimes that happens.	那有时会发生
I'm looking for my pen.	我在找我的钢笔
You haven't asked me anything.	你什么都没问我
He was elected mayor.	他被选为市长
You are not at all wrong.	你完全没错
How do I gain weight?	我怎么才能发胖
You will soon get accustomed to your new school.	你很快就会适应你的新学校
What are we having for dinner tonight?	今天晚饭吃什么
Tom works at a fast-food restaurant.	汤姆在一家快餐店工作
She is evidently sick.	她明显生病了
Do you know how to dance?	你会跳舞吗
We have to go.	我们必须走了
I thought you were listening.	我以为你在听
It was really special.	它真特别
She gave him the car.	她给了他车
Are you busy?	您在忙吗
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible to do.	她试著举起箱子
She takes a shower every morning.	她每天早上都冲澡
There are many hungry people in the world.	世界上许多人很饥饿
Send it airmail.	航空邮寄它
He did his best to help her.	他尽力帮她了
Would you like some more cake?	你想再来些蛋糕吗
By the way, I've got to tell you something.	我得顺便给你讲件事
I got on the wrong train.	我上错了火车
How frequently do you check your mail?	你多久看一次邮箱
I don't worry so much about my resume.	我对自己的履历不那么在意
I'll join you later.	我一会儿就来
He was aware that I was around, but didn't come to greet me.	他注意到我在场
Tom is a good person.	汤姆是个好人
Good morning. It's time to wake up.	早安
I played soccer yesterday.	我昨天踢了足球
Excuse me for being late.	对不起
He pretends to be deaf.	他装听不见
Tom is sick.	汤姆生病了
Dad's in an impatient mood today.	爸爸今天不耐烦
I don't understand why Tom brought you here.	我不知道为甚么汤姆把你带到这里
You should go home now.	你应该现在就回家
She cut up the cloth to make bandages.	她裁布做绷带
Who touched my gun?	谁碰了我的枪
She was always quarreling with her parents.	她总和她父母吵架
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.	情人眼里出西施
What do you think of it?	你觉得怎么样
A doctor was sent for at once.	医生立刻被请来了
Tom said he wasn't ready, but Mary said she was.	汤姆说他没准备好
Back off!	往后退点
How often have you been to Europe?	你曾多常去过欧洲
This dog is a mongrel.	这只狗是杂种狗
I think Tom is awake.	我想
We go to school together.	我们一起去学校
The only useful answers are those that raise new questions.	只有能提出新问题的回答才是有用的回答
Please get me hotel security.	请帮我叫宾馆保安
I visited my grandmother's house.	我拜访了我祖母的房子
It wasn't my intention.	那不是我的本意
Is there anything else you can tell me?	你还能告诉我甚么
She is poor, but she is happy.	她很穷
Let's hope she comes.	让我们祈盼她会来
Men should work.	男人应该工作
Is Tom autistic?	汤姆有自闭症吗
Thank you for coming to meet me.	谢谢你来跟我见面
It is rude of him not to give me a call.	他不打电话给我真是无礼
Tom probably wouldn't do something that stupid.	汤姆应该不会做那么蠢的事
Where did you get your hair cut?	你在哪里剪头发
Tom was the first to react.	汤姆是最先作出反应的
I'm looking forward to seeing him.	我期待再次见到他
She works from nine.	她九点开始工作
How far is it to the airport?	到机场有多远
I agree with his opinion.	我同意他的观点
I shouldn't have logged off.	我不该退出的
I thought Tom would sleep until noon.	我认为汤姆会睡到中午
She succeeded in drawing the truth from him.	她成功地从他口中得知了真相
You should wear a coat.	你应该穿一件大衣
He is still here.	他还在这儿
I've been feeling a little restless.	我有点不安
If you don't kill them, they'll kill you.	你不杀他们
How's everybody?	大家好吗
These are pens.	这些是笔
I like to play tennis.	我喜欢打网球
Something's wrong with my camera.	我的相机有毛病
Tom says that Mary definitely won't accept the job.	汤姆说玛丽绝不会接受这工作
Maybe I should go help Tom.	或许我该去帮汤姆
He showed me his photograph album.	他给我看了他的影集
He painted the ceiling blue.	他把天花板刷成了蓝色
Their friendship moved us deeply.	他们的友情深深地感动了我们
He was meditating on his future life.	他正在思考他未来的生活
What have you done with my pen?	你用我的笔做了什么
She paid me a visit yesterday.	她昨天来见我了
We will have learned English for five years next year.	到明年我们学英语就有
It's not going to take long.	不会花很多时间的
The police accused him of theft.	警察起诉他盗窃
The birds flew to the south.	群鸟南翔
This book is easy to read.	这本书很容易读
My hobby is playing the piano.	我的嗜好就是弹钢琴
I envy her.	我嫉妒她
This is a picture of my family.	这是一张我的全家福照片
He's a little like his father.	他有点像他的父亲
She pretended that she was sick.	她假装生病了
I think so, too.	我也这么想
His wife opened the door for him.	他的妻子为他开门了
It was very kind of you to lend me an umbrella.	你借给我伞真好
I'm very happy to meet you.	认识您很高兴
The students all laughed.	学生都笑了
Keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them.	闭着你的眼睛直到我告诉你睁开为止
You need not do it at once.	你没必要马上去做
We can do more than they can.	我们能比他们做得多
He is the man you met the other day.	他是前几天和你见过面的那个人
He was willing to work for others.	他愿意为别人工作
He works at the welfare office.	他在福利办事处上班
I wanted to earn some money, so I worked part time three days a week.	我想挣点钱
His words gave me hope.	他的话给了我希望
I'll do it tomorrow.	我明天再做
It is really time for us to go.	这真是我们该走的时候了
Every person is special.	每个人都很特别
Tom's a beginner, but he catches on fast.	汤姆是个初学者
He gets a haircut three times a month.	他一个月剪三次头发
I'm sorry my pronunciation isn't very good.	不好意思我发音不太好
The soldier groaned with pain.	这名士兵痛苦地呻吟
Many people work in industrial towns.	许多人在工业城市工作
What time was it when you entered the building?	你进这幢楼的时候是几点
Other than Sundays, I work every day.	除了星期天我每一天都工作
I've promised Tom that I'd be there.	我答应汤姆我会去那里
We want to learn some Japanese songs.	我们想学一些日文歌曲
I'm the best.	我是最好的
Fashion is not my specialty.	时装不是我的天分
That was a disaster.	那是灾难
I wish I could stop hiccuping.	我希望我能停止打嗝
They waited for their teacher.	他们等待著他们的老师
Can you distinguish silver from tin?	你能分辨银和锡吗
Do you believe in eternal life after death?	你相信死后永生吗
The only thing I want to do is go fishing.	我唯一想做的是去钓鱼
I wanted to get drunk.	我想喝醉
She was asked to convince him to paint the house.	有人要求她说服他刷房子
How long ago did the bus leave?	这辆公车多久前离开的
How do I change my cell phone's ringtone?	我要怎么换我的手机铃声呢
Tom couldn't read very well until he was thirteen.	汤姆十三岁以前读得不好
It all seems so strange.	看起来全都太奇怪了
He is facing many difficulties.	他面临著许多困难
The dress fits you very well.	这条裙子你穿着很合身
Do you want to eat noodles or rice?	你吃面条还是吃饭
It's very big.	它很大
How many forks do we need?	我们需要多少把叉子
He's a little pale.	他有点苍白
You really are hopeless.	你真的是一点希望也没有
They appointed him as a director.	他们任命他为经理
He disregarded my advice.	他不顾我的忠告
Christmas is just around the corner.	圣诞节快到了
Tom told me where Mary lives.	汤姆告诉了我玛丽住哪儿
Check Tom's pulse again.	再检查一下汤姆的脉搏
I feel a lot better today.	我今天感觉好多了
You look bored.	你看起来很无聊
He's coming closer.	他在靠近
Best of luck to you.	祝你好运
Our school is further away than the station.	去我们学校比去火车站要远
Why should I thank Tom?	我为甚么该感谢汤姆
She so wants to go.	她特别想去
She was a tall, thin girl with long, soft brown hair.	她是个又高又瘦
The value of the painting was estimated at several million dollars.	这幅画被估价数百万元
I feel lonely.	我觉得很孤独
Tom is a true man.	汤姆是个真男人
Let's go back to lesson three.	让我们回到第三课
I opened the door.	我开了门
The prisoner was released.	囚犯重获自由
Do you know a good restaurant?	你知道哪家饭店好吗
The people here are accustomed to the cold.	这里的人习惯了寒冷
Second semester has ended.	第二学期结束了
He has been busy.	他很忙
Tom said that he lost his key.	汤姆说他丢了钥匙
Tom looked pretty healthy last night.	汤姆昨晚看来很健康
The police will put you behind bars for twenty years.	警方会把你关在牢里二十年
This milk won't keep till tomorrow.	这牛奶放到明天会坏的
There are many earthquakes in Japan.	日本有许多地震
The cat is eating.	这只猫在吃东西
Can you give me a discount?	能给我打个折么
Don't share this with anyone.	不要告诉任何人这件事
I need a lot of books.	我需要很多书
She asked me if anything was the matter.	她问我是不是发生了什么事
I'd like to pay the check, please.	我想付帐
I'd like to come with you.	我想和你一起走
I bought a pen like yours yesterday.	我昨天买了一支像你那样的笔
Give me an apple.	给我一个苹果
This flag is very beautiful.	这面旗子很漂亮
Tom can run fast.	Tom	可以跑得很快
They didn't obey their parents.	他们没有遵从他们的父母
It is true that she is pretty, but she is selfish.	她确实很漂亮
People rely too much on phones these days.	现代人太仰赖手机
We know so little about you.	我们对你知道得不多
He heard a shout.	他听到了叫声
He got a master's degree in law.	他得到了法律硕士学位
Let's see what's in the box.	看看我会在盒子里找到什么
What will you do?	你要做什么
I don't like eating meat.	我不喜欢吃肉了
These shoes are too small.	这双鞋子太小了
Only four horses competed in the race.	只有四匹马参加了比赛
He set a precedent.	他开了先河
Is that true?	真的
Where can we make a phone call?	我们能在哪里打电话
I passed by her house yesterday.	我昨天经过她家
They named their son Tom.	他们给他们的儿子取名叫汤姆
I'm just looking, thank you.	我只是看看
I have a cough.	我咳嗽
Tom has no siblings.	Tom	没有兄弟姊妹
Where is your dog?	你的狗在哪里
There is a village over the mountain.	在山巅上有一个村庄
Trouble began immediately.	麻烦说来就来
Tom didn't take his shoes off.	汤姆没脱鞋
You're a professor, aren't you?	你是一名教授
It was an interesting debate.	这是场有趣的辩论
I have to get some sleep.	我必须睡一下觉
I don't think you did this.	我不认为是你做的
He looks down on women.	他小看女人
Can you use a computer?	您会使用计算机吗
My watch is five minutes slow.	我的表慢了五分钟
Tom can't go out because he has a lot of homework.	汤姆因为有很多作业不能外出
I really like to dance.	我非常喜欢跳舞
Their wedding will be tomorrow.	他们的婚礼将在明天举行
Where is my seat?	我的位子在哪儿
I can't understand how Tom could know.	我不明白汤姆是怎么知道的
Bring him to me.	把他给我带过来
My mother is a good woman.	我妈妈是个好女人
Scientists can easily compute the distance between planets.	科学家们可以很容易地计算出行星之间的距离
I don't think I'll ever meet him.	我不认为我会再跟他见面
He introduced me to his parents.	他把我介绍给他的父母认识
Please be quiet, everybody.	请大家都保持安静
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the meeting ended.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
He has no interest in politics.	他对政治没有兴趣
Tom is clean.	汤姆是干净的
She and I are the same age.	她跟我同年
You have to sit down.	你得坐下来
How much does this pen cost?	这支笔多少钱
Do I know you?	我认识你吗
I am at home.	我在家
Is there anything else you want me to do?	你还有什么事情需要我去做的吗
Tom isn't as innocent as he seems.	汤姆不像他看上去的那样无辜
I'd like to go skiing with her.	我想和她去滑雪
Is the door open?	门开著吗
She was hit by a car.	她被车撞了
I am not a teacher.	我不是个老师
Mother Nature is generous.	大自然很慷慨
In a crisis, you must get in touch with your teacher.	在危险的时候你必须跟你的老师联系
It's a waste of time.	这是浪费时间
A couple of flights were delayed on account of the earthquake.	一些航班由于地震被延误了
I quit.	我不干了
What would you like to drink?	你想喝什么
Who planted this tree?	谁种了这棵树
The party was put off for a week.	派对延期了一周
Can I see that one?	我能看那个吗
She gets up late on Sunday mornings.	她每周日早上很晚起床
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.	总体上说
I am convinced that he is innocent.	我相信他是无辜的
The old man sat down.	老人坐了下来
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.	在俄罗斯的贝加尔湖是世界上最深的湖泊
It could be just a coincidence.	可能只是巧合
Your bicycle is better than mine.	你的脚踏车比我的好
Would you like a cup of coffee?	来杯咖啡吗
Don't leave the room.	别离开房间
There's a hair in my soup.	我的汤里有一根头发
We almost had Tom convinced.	我们差不多说服
We fixed that pretty quickly.	我们很快修好了
We're going by train.	我们要乘火车去
What do you want to tell me?	您想告诉我什么
I wish I could swim.	我希望我会游泳
Your time is up.	你的时间到了
It's you I've come for.	我是为你来的
I work here.	我在这里工作
He threw a stone into the pond.	他扔一块石头到池塘里
I'm good at tennis.	我擅长网球
You must get the job done before the deadline.	你必须在到期前完成这项工作
Can you guess what I have here?	你能猜到我有什么吗
Tom used to come to Boston every summer.	汤姆以前每年夏天都去波士顿
He speaks French fluently.	他说法语说得很流利
It isn't your problem.	不是你的问题
Tom is going to help us.	汤姆要帮助我们
Will you mail this letter for me?	你可以帮我寄这封信吗
What is it that Tom wants to eat?	汤姆想吃的是什么
He is doing very well considering he lacks experience.	考虑到他缺乏经验
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any money.	汤姆不想给玛丽一分钱
After supper, she cleared the table.	晚饭后她清理了桌子
What are those numbers?	那些数字是什么
We get together once a year.	我们一年聚一次
Excuse me, do you speak English?	对不起
There is little water in the pond.	这个池塘里的水很少
She found employment as a typist.	她找到打字员的工作
I will be busy this afternoon.	我今天下午会很忙
He postponed leaving for Hokkaido until next month.	他延迟到下个月去北海道
You're not coming, are you?	你不会来
Will you please hold this edge?	能不能请你拿着这端
We all felt sorry for Tom.	我们都为
Tom is already used to that.	汤姆已经习惯了
I thought that we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.	我以为我们发现了绝妙的藏身之处
Tom tried to make friends.	汤姆试着交朋友
Tom decided not to wait.	汤姆决定不再等了
There aren't any medicines that can cure this disease.	没有药物能够治疗这种疾病
I bet ten dollars on that horse.	我在那匹马下十美元的赌注
My opinion differs from yours.	我的想法和你的不一样
My father sometimes goes abroad.	我父亲偶尔出国
This intersection is dangerous.	这个十字路口很危险
Keep trying.	继续努力
What's Tom doing?	汤姆在做什么
All the furniture was covered with dust.	所有的家具都布满了灰尘
Are those real diamonds?	那些是真钻石吗
You are now an adult.	你现在是大人了
I'm blind in the right eye.	我的右眼瞎了
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with him.	我尽力追赶他
My sister is shorter than you.	我妹妹比你矮
His advice is always very sensible.	他的忠告总是很明智
Did you hear your name called?	你听见有人叫你的名字吗
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account.	我希望我能知道如何删除我的
I lent him a CD.	我借给他一盘
I want you out of my room.	我想让你离开我的房间
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.	即使我在学校学习了三年
She likes to go to the sauna.	她喜欢去桑拿
The train has already gone.	列车已经出发
I can't believe you were the smartest kid in your class.	我不敢相信你是你们班里面最聪明的孩子
I have to lose weight.	我必须要减肥了
That boy used to drop in on me.	那男孩儿来访过我家
I never thought that would happen.	我从来没想到会发生那种事
You are a student.	你是学生
I'm going to join a demonstration.	我要参加一个示威游行
That's something to be proud of.	那是值得自豪的事
Please tell me where to go next.	请告诉我下一步去哪里
I wanted red shoes.	我要红色的鞋子
Although old, he is still very much alive.	虽然上了年纪
Was that what Tom said?	那就是汤姆说的吗
Would you please open the door?	请你开门好吗
Perhaps it'll rain in the afternoon.	也许下午会下雨
I take a bath every night.	我每晚洗澡
Are you sure you don't want to sleep on it?	你确定你不想睡在它上面吗
I'd like to visit your country someday.	我想某一天拜访你的国家
My father bought a new car.	我的父亲买了一辆新车
I work in a factory.	我在一家工厂工作
We have to have fun somehow.	我们总得找点乐子
I want to go to school.	我想去学校
Just a moment, please.	请稍等一下
Have you ever seen him swimming?	你曾看过他游泳吗
Tom will now be proud of me.	汤姆现在会以我为傲
I'm closing the door.	我在关门
She would often go to the theater when she was in London.	她在伦敦的时候
You look like you've just lost your best friend.	你看上去就像是刚刚失去了自己最好的朋友似的
It all makes sense now.	现在一切都明白了
They're eating their apples.	他们在吃他们的苹果
That house is very small.	这房子非常小
They won't hurt us.	他们不会伤害我们
How about taking a rest?	休息一下怎么样
I'm not the boss.	我不是老板
Your view is too optimistic.	你的看法过于乐观
The baby was sleeping soundly in his mother's arms.	孩子在母亲的怀中熟睡
Getting started was difficult.	开始很难
He went out in spite of the rain.	尽管下着雨
We agreed to share the housework.	我们同意分担家务
The storm has died down.	暴风雨平息下来了
There used to be a prison here.	这里以前有一座监狱
Tom is drinking juice.	Tom	正在喝果汁
A typhoon is approaching Japan.	台风正接近日本
It's better to chill white wine before you serve it.	在你侍酒前最好先将白葡萄酒冷却一下
Who do you think I am?	你把我当什么啦
I never make a speech without being nervous.	我没有一次演讲的时候是不紧张的
I can't find my glasses.	我的眼镜不见了
At last, we reached our destination.	我们终于达到了我们的目标
We'd like another bottle of wine.	我们想再来一瓶葡萄酒
What else do you want me to say?	你想让我再说什么
God exists.	上帝存在
Tom has lost his keys.	汤姆遗失了他的钥匙
Tom wants to pay back the money he owes.	汤姆想去还欠的钱
I hope it'll be fine tomorrow.	我希望明天将是美好的
Tom plays the violin well.	汤姆拉小提琴拉得很好
He demanded that I should pay the money at once.	他要求我马上付钱
Are you certain this is what you want?	你确定这就是你想要的吗
You don't need to do that right away.	你没必要马上去做
I do all the work.	工作都全由我做
Every man has his price.	每个人都有个价
They're digging a hole.	他们正在挖一个洞
People still think Tom is a liar.	人们仍然认为汤姆说谎
Please turn off the TV.	请把电视关掉
As long as you're here, I'll stay.	只要你在这儿
This is a very hard mattress.	这个床垫很硬
I like you.	我喜欢你
Car exhaust causes serious pollution in towns.	汽车尾气在城镇里造成了严重的污染
Freedom is not free.	自由是有代价的
Cows provide us with milk.	奶牛为我们提供牛奶
The shower doesn't work.	淋浴坏了
I don't hate you.	我不恨你
All you have to do is to write your name and address here.	你只要在这里写下你的姓名和地址就行了
Please open the bottle.	请打开瓶子
The meeting has been postponed until tomorrow.	会议已经被延迟到明天了
If she was displeased, she never showed it.	如果她不高兴
I have a new car.	我有辆新车
These paintings are beautiful.	这些画很美
I was a little bit nervous.	我有点紧张
You must go to bed now.	你现在必须上床睡觉
I wonder if he loves me.	我不知道他是否爱我
Tom turned on the electric fan.	汤姆打开了电风扇
My aunt made a new skirt for me.	我舅母做了一条新裙子给我
I'd like a window seat, please.	请给我靠窗口的位子
When does the game begin?	游戏几点开始
Beauty is only skin deep.	美貌只是表面性的东西
I saw a stranger enter that house.	我看到一个陌生人进了那间屋子
I'm going to stay here for a couple of days.	我将要在这里待几天
I don't know when he'll come.	我不知道他什么时候来
I tried not to wake you up.	我设法不让你醒
He traveled all over the world.	他周游世界各地
I want you to go.	我要你去
I built a new house.	我盖了栋新房子
I wonder what happened to her.	我想知道她发生什么事了
Call Tom and Mary this evening.	今晚给汤姆和玛丽打电话
He will not be able to do the work.	他没能力做这个工作
Tom is in the living room, sleeping on the couch.	汤姆在客厅
I'm very happy to make your acquaintance.	认识您很高兴
Tom got drunk yesterday.	汤姆昨天喝醉了
They kept me waiting for an hour.	他们让我等了一个小时
My brother is a first-year student.	我弟弟是个一年级的学生
We're on the third floor.	我们在三楼
What does it contain?	它包含了什么
The map is on the wall.	地图挂在墙上
She cooked us a delicious dinner.	她为我们煮了一顿美味的晚餐
Don't mention it.	您不必感谢我
I agree completely.	我完全同意
She married a rich old man.	她嫁给了个有钱老头
He agrees with my opinion.	他同意我的意见
What Tom really wanted was enough money to buy Mary some flowers.	汤姆真正想要的是有足够的钱给玛丽买一些花
Spring will be here soon.	春天快来了
A ring and some cash are missing.	少了一个戒指和一点现金
Long time, no see. I hear that you've changed your job again.	好久不见
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the train.	我用尽全力跑
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.	我要知道汤姆为什么要我们那样做
He'll do whatever you ask him to.	他会做任何你要求他做的事
The doctor examined the patients.	医生检查了病人
Tom doesn't want to talk about it.	汤姆不想谈这件事
I went to see the movies yesterday.	我昨天去看了电影
There are many hotels downtown.	市中心有很多旅馆
There's nothing more painful than losing one's child.	没有比失去孩子更让人悲伤的事
I don't think I really have a problem.	我不认为我真的有问题
What are you staring at?	你在看什么
I wish you had told me the truth.	我希望你告诉我真相了
Did anyone call me while I was out?	我出去的时候有人打我电话吗
I have no idea what to wear.	我不知道要穿什么
We celebrate Christmas every year.	我们每年都庆祝圣诞节
It's much more convenient.	这方便得多了
Don't ask Tom any questions about his job.	别问汤姆他的工作的问题
I don't want any excuses.	我不想听解释
The man finally confessed.	那个男人最终供认了他的罪行
I don't want to go there again.	我不想再次去那儿
She sat on the bench.	她坐在长椅上
How long do you plan on staying in this country?	你打算在这个国家待多久
Come in.	进来
Evidently, it's going to rain tomorrow.	明天肯定会下雨
He heard the news on the radio.	他从收音机听到了这个消息
My father is a teacher.	我父亲是老师
May I use your phone?	我能用你的电话吗
Tom sits in front of his computer eight hours a day.	汤姆每天都花八个小时看电脑
He's eligible for the presidency.	他有资格当选总统
He said, "I'm from Canada."	他说
Tears were flowing down her cheeks.	眼泪顺着她的脸颊流下来
You are free to do as you please with your money.	你可以随你高兴的用你的钱
Guess what he told me.	猜猜看他告诉了我什么
Beginners should learn spoken English first.	初学者应先学习口说英语
He doesn't eat raw fish.	他不吃生鱼
His house is across the street.	他的房子在街对面
I want the fan.	我要那个电风扇
I'm having my house painted next month.	我下个月刷我的房子
I see a book.	我看到一本书
Everyone knows me.	大家都认识我
I had my wallet stolen.	我的钱包被偷了
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.	我觉得汤姆不太可能会当选
I'm thinking the same thing.	我也是这么想的
We're having fun.	我们在高兴地玩
Tom said he hasn't decided what needs to be done.	汤姆说他还没决定要做甚么
Tom told me that he had lost his textbook.	汤姆告诉我他丢了课本
Anyway, you'll never know.	不管怎样
The button came off.	扣子掉了
Tom and I were business partners.	Tom	跟我是商业伙伴
What time will you leave the office?	你几点离开办公室
It sounds like a good idea.	听起来是个好主意
The clown made a funny face.	小丑做了个鬼脸
You do have choices.	你有选择
My uncle lives in an apartment.	我叔叔住在公寓里
Can she endure a long trip?	她能忍受长途旅行吗
Seen from the moon, the earth looks like a ball.	从月球上看的话
I didn't recognize anyone in the room.	房子里面的人我一个也不认得
Where will we go afterwards?	我们以后往哪走
Nobody else offered to help.	没有其他人伸出援手
We had a rest in the shade.	我们在树荫下休息
Tom is playing with my dog.	汤姆在和我的狗一起玩
I am a shy boy.	我是一个害羞的男孩
It turned out that the rumor was false.	谣言最后被证明是假的
My pulse is fast.	我的脉搏很快
No student is allowed to enter the room.	学生不准进入这个房间
He is giving his whole attention to that.	他全神贯注
I was mistaken.	我想错了
My father is free this afternoon.	我父亲今天下午有空
I know what you mean.	我知道你的意思
We like to play soccer.	我们喜欢踢足球
This food is too salty.	这个食物太咸了
He is confined to bed now.	他现在卧床不起
I have a dog and a cat.	我有一只狗和一只猫
These pictures are really very beautiful.	这些照片真美
Take your time.	你可以慢慢来
Tom said he'd wait.	汤姆说他会等
Tom did a good job predicting who would win the election.	汤姆很会预测选举
Maybe Tom did that.	可能是汤姆做的
Tom put the vase on the table.	汤姆把花瓶放在桌上
How much is this?	这是多少
I heard him play the piano once.	我听过一次他弹钢琴
Open your mouth and close your eyes.	张开嘴巴闭上眼睛
Please give me something to eat.	请给我点东西吃
Tom is never going to cry.	汤姆永远不会哭
Let's go to the beach.	让我们去海边吧
You'd better have your hair cut at once.	你最好立刻剪头发
Your problem is similar to mine.	你的问题类似于我的
Time passes quickly when we're doing something we like.	在做喜欢的事情的时候时间过去得很快
I can hear it.	我听得到
I want some potatoes.	我要几个土豆
I'll give you this pendant.	我会给你这个坠饰
I remember locking the door.	我记得锁门了
I couldn't help but be impressed by Tom's courage.	汤姆的勇气给我留下了深刻印象
Do you have siblings?	你有兄弟姐妹吗
We visited the museum last week.	我们上周参观了博物馆
I collect dolls from different countries.	我收集各国的娃娃
Will you pass me the salt?	请你把盐递给我好吗
Is that not enough?	不够吗
I baked cookies.	我烤了曲奇
It's not a bug. It's an undocumented feature.	这不是一个漏洞
When did it begin to rain?	什么时候开始下雨的
I'm sorry to disappoint you.	我对让你失望感到抱歉
We can't force people to do that.	我们不能强迫人去做
Your room is very big.	你们的房间很大
My mother is a very good cook.	我妈妈的厨艺很好
I looked around me.	我看了看周围
She was buried in her hometown.	她被安葬在她的家乡
The police broke up the fight.	警察驱散了这场斗殴
Tom isn't an idiot.	汤姆不是白痴
Can I borrow your scissors?	我能借用你的剪刀吗
We should've been more careful.	我们应该更小心的
She went to the park with him.	她跟他去公园了
What's in the living room?	客厅里有什么
Turn the key to the right.	往右边转动钥匙
I have to say this.	我得说这事
Everyone was invited, except for me.	除了我每个人都被邀请了
I haven't seen her since then.	我从那时起就没有见过她
It's time to go to bed.	睡觉时间到了
I don't want to go there. He doesn't want to go either.	我不想去那儿
Do you believe in ghosts?	你相信鬼存在吗
I can't put up with him.	我受不了他
I'd like to check out right now.	我想现在结帐离开
Tom is looking for a job.	Tom	正在找工作
A true scientist would not think like that.	一个正确的科学家不会那样想
You're not supposed to be in this area.	你不应该待在这里
The ladies' room is on the third floor.	女厕所在三楼
I got the money back from him.	我拿到了他还给我的钱
Turn around.	转过来
Why aren't you listening?	你为甚么不听
She always speaks in a low voice.	她总是低声地说话
Tom told me that he has no intention of marrying you.	Tom	告诉我他们有想要娶你的想法
I bought this yesterday.	昨天我买了这个
I was in school yesterday morning.	昨天上午我在学校
I'll go by taxi.	我坐出租车去
It isn't as hard as you think.	那个没你想象的那么难
The boat was tied with a short line.	船被用短绳系著
My father walks.	我爸爸走路
Is it next Monday that Tom returns?	汤姆是在下个星期一回来吗
You should have known better than to take an examination without preparing for it.	你应该知道要为考试作准备
We should've taken the schedule into consideration.	我们本该考虑一下行程
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want to."	“	为什么你不来
She was appointed chairperson.	她被任命为主席
Sometimes the Allies could not avoid battle.	有时候盟军无法避免战争
How long will it take to get there?	到那边需要多长时间
Tom disappeared.	汤姆不见了
Let him play your guitar.	让他弹你的吉他
Maybe you should study harder next time.	你可能下回要更努力地学习
Why don't you want to tell us the truth?	为甚么你不想告诉我们真相
Is Tom eating?	汤姆在吃饭吗
There will be a math test tomorrow.	明天有一个数学测验
Boil some water.	烧一点水
I like the way she laughs at my jokes.	我喜欢她因我的笑话而欢笑的样子
Tom paid me back the money that he owed me.	汤姆把欠我的钱还给我了
The patient is in a deep coma.	患者现在处于深度昏迷状态
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan.	虽然她在日本被抚养长大
I'm busy getting ready for tomorrow.	我正忙著为明天作准备
What an idiot I am!	我真是个白痴
It's a basic human right.	它是基本人权
Tom said Mary thought that John might be permitted to do that next weekend.	汤姆说玛丽觉得约翰下周末可能被允许那么做
He is playing in his room.	他在自己房里玩
We're not looking.	我们没有看著
The snails are eating our lettuce.	蜗牛在吃我们的生菜
There are a lot of eggs in the box.	这个盒子里有很多蛋
Most people think computers will never be able to think.	大多数人认为计算机永远不会有思考的能力
The barber gave him a haircut.	理发师为他理了头发
We're finally alone.	终于就剩下我们了
I am eating rice.	我在吃米饭
Stop bothering me.	不要烦我
I was quite thirsty and wanted to drink something cool.	我很渴
Do I have to take off my shoes here?	在这里我必须脱鞋吗
It isn't something that I'm very good at.	这不是我所擅长的事
I need more space.	我需要更多空间
Looking down, we saw a concrete jungle.	我们往下看
She was very happy with my gift.	她对于我送的礼物感到很开心
The policeman aimed his gun at the man.	警察瞄准了那个男人
She enjoyed herself a lot at the party.	她在聚会上玩得很开心
Could you please repeat that?	你能重复一遍吗
We took strong measures to prevent it.	我们使用了强大的措施来预防
It is Sunday tomorrow.	明天是星期天
Put handcuffs on him.	把他铐上
Marriage is the main cause of divorce.	婚姻是造成离婚的主因
Don't ask questions. Just follow me.	别问问题
I didn't mean to disturb you.	我没有想打扰你
He has little confidence in himself.	他对自己没有多少信心
How are things at work?	工作怎么样
Her hair grew back.	她的头发长回来了
Don't use computer translation.	别用机翻
I saw a dog swim across the river.	我见过狗游泳渡河
She was accepted to Harvard.	她被哈佛大学录取了
Suppose you had a thousand dollars, what would you do with it?	假如你有
We had a party last night.	我们昨晚有一个聚会
Why is my internet access so slow?	我的网怎么会这么慢
Is this bag yours or his?	那个包是你的还是他的
Those flowers have died.	那些花已经枯死了
This is just what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
Please tell me when to go.	请告诉我什么时候该走
I always keep a dictionary close at hand.	我总是在离手不远的地方放一本字典
Do you know me?	你认识我吗
I can't tolerate this noise any longer.	我不能再忍受这个噪音了
Butter and cheese are made from milk.	奶油和乳酪是由牛奶做成的
I can drive.	我会开车
There's a telephone in the hall.	走廊里有一部电话
There are no clouds in the sky.	天上没有云
Today is the hottest day this year.	今天是今年最热的一天
You need a car if you live in the suburbs.	要住在郊区的话
Do you like any of these pictures?	你喜欢这些照片里的任何一张吗
I'm all ears.	我洗耳恭听
This coffee is too hot for me to drink.	这咖啡热得我没办法喝
The curry at this restaurant is good.	这家饭馆的咖哩挺好
Mom is preparing a meal in the kitchen.	妈妈正在厨房里做饭
I decided to be a doctor.	我决定当个医生了
How's the weather there?	那里的气候怎么样
Tom probably knew who I was.	汤姆可能知道我是谁
He tried to unify the various groups.	他试著统一不同的团体
Who wrote these poems?	这些诗的作者是谁
This is my question.	这是我的问题
What's your favorite beverage?	你最喜欢的饮料是什么
He lost his balance and fell off the ladder.	他失去了平衡
I don't mind if it's a little cold.	稍微冷一点没关系
None of your business.	这不是你的事
I'm crazy about football.	我爱足球爱疯了
Can you feel it?	你感觉得到它吗
I can comfort her.	我可以安慰她
Who invented the telephone?	谁发明了电话
We'll talk later.	我们过一会再谈
I'm tired of homework.	我厌倦了功课
We're not young.	我们不年轻
Sweet dreams!	祝你好梦
He had a hungry look.	他面有饥色
I'd like a glass of water.	我想要一杯水
That's a good idea.	那是一个好主意
I don't like these remarks.	我不喜欢这番话
We are traveling on a tight budget.	我们很节省地旅行
This is way better.	这样好多了
This is not salt.	这不是盐
You're doing it wrong.	你这样做是错的
Tom doesn't like Boston.	汤姆不喜欢波士顿
Let me die.	让我去死
You may think those shoes are in fashion, but they aren't.	你可能认为那些鞋子很时髦
How much money do you owe Tom?	你欠汤姆多少钱
She earns 30 dollars per day.	她每天挣
The case is closed.	结案了
Tom is afraid of heights.	汤姆恐高
You don't have to help me.	你不用帮我
You'll love it.	你会爱它
I didn't know that you were watching something.	我不知道你在看东西
I get off at the next station.	我下一站下车
I think we should try it.	我认为我们该试试
Someone told me that this boy cannot hear.	有人告诉我这个男孩耳聋
This is a fake.	这是一个伪造品
I ripped the envelope open.	我撕开了信封
He told the truth.	他说了实话
All their efforts were in vain.	他们的努力都白费了
What time is it?	几点了
The doctor told her that she should take a rest.	医生告诉她要静养
He's younger than me.	他比我年轻
Do you know each other?	你们认识吗
I don't like his affected manner of speaking.	我不喜欢他做作的说话方式
We weren't able to find Tom.	我们找不到汤姆
I don't know if I can go to the party.	我不知道我是否可以去派对
I didn't find anything.	我甚么也没找到
Don't eat that!	不要吃那个
Put away your bicycle.	把你的自行车放好
These things aren't mine!	这些东西不是我的
I love my wife.	我爱我的妻子
Who was in charge of today's party?	谁负责今天的派对
I'm used to it by now.	我现在已经习惯它了
He read a book written in English.	他读了一本用英文写的书
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.	如果你没好话说
If possible, I'd like to go home now.	如果可以的话
The old man loaded his mule with bags full of sand.	老人在骡子的背上放上了一个个装满了沙的袋子
I washed the dishes after supper.	晚饭后我洗了碗碟
I'll go with you if necessary.	如果必要的话
I could answer all the questions.	我可以回答所有问题
"More coffee?" "No, thanks."	“	还要咖啡吗
There used to be a bridge here.	以前这里有一座桥
I eat here.	我在这里吃
Did you see yesterday's eclipse?	你看了昨天的月蚀了吗
I told Tom I thought that it was a good idea.	我和汤姆说了
I finally got hold of that book I wanted.	我最终得到了我要的那本书
In case it rains, I won't go.	万一下雨
The girl who works at the bakery is cute.	在面包房工作的姑娘很可爱
How is your work coming along?	你的工作进行得怎么样
Do you have any idea what's been going on?	你知道现在正在发生甚么吗
Take off your socks.	把袜子脱掉
The rain lasted a week.	雨下了一周
We could see the sunset from the window.	我们能从窗户看到日落
Did Tom help his mother yesterday?	汤姆昨天帮他妈妈的忙吗
He was wounded in the war.	他是在战争中受伤的
I don't know what I should do now.	我不知道现在应该做什么
Why don't you talk to him?	你为甚么不跟他讲
Would you like to go abroad?	你想出国吗
You'll soon get used to speaking in public.	你很快就会习惯在大庭广众说话了
I'm not moving to Boston.	我不搬去波士顿
Tom can swim as fast as you.	汤姆游泳可以游得跟你一样快
I'd like a receipt, please.	麻烦我要一张收据
She speaks relatively fast.	她说话相当快
I waited for him all day long.	我等了他一整天
This word comes from Latin.	这个词源于拉丁语
He plays the guitar well.	他吉他弹得很好
I want you to wait for me.	我想让你等我
I met a friend at the airport.	我在机场见了个朋友
I am writing a letter.	我正在写一封信
I'm a university student.	我是一名大学生
She lived for a long time.	她活了很久
In some countries, the punishment for treason can be life in prison.	在一些国家
This tape recorder is not new.	这个磁带录音机不是新的
This is a book about stars.	这是本关于星星的书
I would go if I were you.	要是我是你
He rescued a boy from drowning.	他救了一个溺水的男孩
It is rude to stare at someone.	盯著别人看是不礼貌的
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street.	公车突然在路中央停下来
You had better not start until they arrive.	你最好不要在他们来之前开始
Nobody wants that.	这个没人要
If she had married you, she would be happy now.	如果她和你结婚了
He and his friend sat on the bench.	他和他朋友坐在长凳上
Man is the only animal that can speak.	人是唯一会说话的动物
He was determined to go abroad.	他下定决心要出国了
It's six o'clock already.	已经六点钟了
He lived abroad for much of his life.	他大半生都住在国外
She always dresses in black.	她总是穿著黑色的衣服
I know how to make beef stroganoff.	我知道怎么做俄式炒牛肉片
I'll stay here for a bit.	我在这待一会
I enjoyed watching TV yesterday.	昨天我很开心地看电视
Tom wanted this to be a surprise.	汤姆想把这留作惊喜
He read the letter over and over.	他把信读了一遍又一遍
Tom is Canadian.	汤姆是加拿大人
Tom isn't satisfied with the result.	汤姆对结果不满
The fire has gone out.	火已经灭了
How hot is that?	那个东西有多热
You shouldn't go out.	你不应该出去
She's only interested in fish and cockroaches.	她只对鱼和蟑螂感兴趣
I always take a bath before going to bed.	我睡觉前总要洗个澡
I heard the door close.	我听到门关了
You can see many animals in this forest.	你可以在这片森林里看到很多动物
That was fabulous.	那真是极好的
This may not be a real diamond.	这可能不是真的钻石
They left there the day before yesterday.	前天
Those are encouraging signs.	那些都是好迹象
Let me think.	让我想一想
They acted on the information.	他们根据情报采取行动
This program is a rerun.	这个节目是重播
Fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet.	蔬果对平衡饮食必不可少
Where's the nearest travel agency?	最近的旅行社在哪里
Let's keep in touch.	让我们保持联络
I will follow you wherever you go.	无论你去哪里我都会跟著你
I need evidence.	我需要证据
Maybe I'm just a fool.	可能我就是个傻子
She likes going to the library.	她喜欢去图书馆
Sit down anywhere you want.	随便坐
It is easier than I thought.	它比我想的容易
He witnessed the murder.	他目睹了谋杀案
I'm really looking forward to summer vacation.	我真的非常期待暑假
This is the worst book I've ever read.	这是我读过的书里面写的最差的一本了
I didn't sleep a wink last night.	我昨晚一夜没阖眼
Hurry up, otherwise you'll be late for lunch.	快点
I took Highway 58.	我走
Are you interested in foreign languages?	你们对外语感兴趣吗
Have you ever eaten a banana pie?	你吃过香蕉派吗
He quickly went out of the room.	他很快地走出了房间
She grabbed him by the hand.	她抓住他的手
Tom followed.	汤姆跟着
He passed away yesterday.	他昨天去世了
He treats me like his slave.	他对待我就像他的奴隶
Tom has never been in prison.	汤姆从没进过监狱
Tom still doesn't know the truth.	汤姆还是不知道真相
It's about to rain.	天快要下雨了
I've got blisters on my feet.	我的脚起水泡了
If you're tired, go to bed.	你若累了
He has been secretly in love with her.	他一直暗恋着她
She can sing and dance beautifully.	她会唱歌而且舞跳得很美
She held her breath.	她止住了呼吸
She visited the old man in the hospital every day but Sunday.	她每天都去探视在医院里的老人
Tom wrote down something in his notebook.	汤姆在他的笔记本上写了东西
I met your girlfriend.	我见过你的女朋友
Do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls?	你知道春卷为什么叫春卷吗
He wanted to reduce the tax on imports.	他想要减少进口品的税
I won't stay silent.	我不会保持沉默的
Has he finished his homework yet?	他完成他的功课了吗
Is there anybody who can drive a car?	有人会开车吗
I can't believe it!	我没法相信
Tom is lonely and unhappy.	汤姆又孤单又不幸
I like taking walks.	我喜欢散步
That's not fair.	那是不公平的
We'll save a seat for you.	我们会给你留个位置
He took me to the station.	他带我到车站
Tom found me a taxi.	汤姆帮我叫了辆计程车
He is on goods terms with all of his classmates.	他和所有同学的关系都不错
She wants to hug him.	她想拥抱他
I came by car.	我开车来的
I didn't do it alone.	我没有独自做
Not everything can be bought with money.	不是所有的东西都可以用金钱买到
I will not go to school tomorrow.	我明天不会去学校
You may take anything you like.	你可以拿你喜欢的东西
What is your phone number?	你电话号码是多少
I was hoping Tom would come here today.	我希望汤姆有一天会来这里
Was I wrong?	我错了吗
It depends on the context.	这得看情况
J.F. Kennedy was buried in Arlington Cemetery.	约翰甘迺迪被安葬在阿灵顿公墓
He made a few grammatical mistakes.	他犯了一些文法错误
I'm sorry that you are leaving here.	我很遗憾你要离开这里
We have to put off the game till next Sunday.	我们不得不把游戏搁到下周日了
He built a new house for himself.	他给自己盖了一栋新房子
Perhaps you're right.	也许您有道理
Tom is doing what he loves.	汤姆在做他喜欢做的事
I've had a bath.	我洗了澡
Tom is on his way here.	汤姆正往这里来
The capital of Brazil is Brasilia.	巴西的首都是巴西利亚
He looks like an honest man.	他看起来忠厚老实
It wouldn't be wise to ignore Tom completely.	完全忽视汤姆不会是明智的
We'll eat lunch together at 12:30.	我们中午十二点半要一起吃午饭
Tom isn't very good at speaking French.	汤姆说法语说得不太好
Would you leave the door open, please?	请你让门开著好吗
Don't underestimate me.	别瞧不起人
She's about the same age as I am.	她大约跟我同年纪
Your cake is delicious.	您的蛋糕很美味
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.	不入虎穴
I'm stuck in my job.	我被工作困住了
Tom thanked Mary for coming.	汤姆感谢玛丽的光临
He cannot afford to buy a car, much less a house.	他买不起一辆汽车
Our team lost the first match.	我们队输了第一场比赛
Tom isn't unhappy.	汤姆不是不高兴
I know that it's hard to believe.	我知道
Tom didn't like the idea of Mary going out with John.	汤姆希望玛丽不会跟约翰谈恋爱
Where does she want to go?	她想去哪里
The university was founded by his father twenty years ago.	大学在
Scary, isn't it?	是不是吓人
Who are you working for?	你为谁工作
The project is ongoing.	该项目正在进行中
Guess what happened to me.	猜猜我遇到什么事了
We're late.	我们迟到了
Bears can climb trees.	熊会爬树
You'd better not have eaten the cake.	你最好不要吃了蛋糕
Your dog is here.	你的狗在这
It took me three years.	它花了我三年
Leave your umbrella in the hall.	把你的雨伞放在走廊里
He did not know what to say.	他不知道说什么好
Did you tell Tom about your problems?	你告诉汤姆你的问题了吗
I love the people here.	我爱这里的人们
You may take this.	您可以拿着这个
Buddhism originated in India.	佛教来自印度
Tom let out a big sigh.	汤姆大声叹了口气
There were so many things I wanted to ask Tom.	我有很多事想问汤姆
Don't forget about me.	别忘了我
That's good, isn't it?	那太好了
Please go to the bank.	请去银行
She told us the road was closed.	她告诉我们道路被封闭了
I belong to the swimming club.	我参加游泳社
My mother hates writing letters.	我妈妈讨厌写信
You've cut my hair too short.	你把我的头发剪得太短了
Tom stood behind me.	汤姆站在我后面
"Where have you been?" "I have been to the station to see a friend off."	“	你去哪儿了
He doesn't care much for baseball.	他不太关注棒球
I don't think this is correct.	我觉得这不是真的
It was nice meeting you here.	在这里见到您真是太好了
He got thrown out of the house.	他被赶出了这栋房子
I need a new toothbrush.	我需要一把新的牙刷
I don't like eggs.	我不喜欢鸡蛋
Call my husband.	给我老公打电话
Tom is waiting for Mary to come back.	汤姆正在等着玛丽回来
He does not like us.	他不喜欢我们
Are you afraid of bugs?	你怕虫子吗
The cancer has spread to her stomach.	癌细胞已经扩散到她的胃
I saw him enter the room.	我看到他进房间
My brother is an idiot.	我的兄弟是个笨蛋
How much do you want in terms of salary?	您想要多少工资
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.	我找工作已经很久了
I found the field trip very educational.	我发现实地考察很有教育意义
I don't remember any of it.	我对这些都没有印象
I'm unmarried.	我单身
It's nonsense to try that.	这种尝试很荒谬
Sometimes I see him at the club.	我偶尔会在俱乐部碰到他
He's very good at guitar.	他非常擅长吉他
More than 40 percent of the students go on to university.	40%	以上的学生去读大学
I can't bear the pain.	我无法忍受这个痛苦
We have four French classes a week.	我们一周有四堂法语课
That would be relevant.	那会有关系
He went to Africa to see wild animals.	为了看野生动物
I have not finished breakfast yet.	我还没吃完早饭
Our library is on the third floor.	我们的图书馆在三楼
Dogs have a keen sense of smell.	狗的嗅觉灵敏
I miss Mary's cooking.	我想念
Sunday is not a workday for me.	星期天不是我的工作日
Please excuse me for being rude.	请原谅我的鲁莽
You can sit anywhere you want.	你可以坐你想坐的任何地方
That meat is chicken.	那个肉是鸡肉
I kept singing.	我继续唱歌
Ten minutes remained until the end of the lesson.	离下课还有十分钟
She has a lot of work to do.	她有很多事要做
My father goes to church on Sunday.	我爸爸周日上教堂
Who wants it?	谁想要它
I don't need your help.	我不需要你的帮助
A white dove is on the roof.	屋顶上有只白鸽
My father began jogging last month.	我父亲上个月开始慢跑
I know you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?	我知道你已经等很久了
You're going too far.	你太过分了
I sometimes watch TV.	我有时看电视
Turn left at the corner.	请在那个拐角左转
Tom wants me to join his team.	汤姆希望我加入他的团队
I received your letter yesterday.	我昨天收到了你的信
I wrote my mother a letter.	我写了一封信给我的母亲
She has achieved her goals.	她达到了目标
Shouldn't you be at school today?	你今天不是应该在学校的吗
Unfortunately the telephone was out of order.	不幸的是电话坏了
It was not very cold yesterday.	昨天不是很冷
They have nothing to eat.	他们没有东西吃了
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.	该由你来决定我们去不去那儿
I'm a computer scientist.	我是一名电脑科学家
I didn't do anything.	我什么事都没有做
I am always at home on Sundays.	我星期日总是在家
She has had to stay here.	她不得不待在这儿
Don't put books on the table.	不要把书放在那张桌子上
Stop reading.	别再念了
He tends to be late for meetings.	他开会往往会迟到
She substituted margarine for butter.	她用人造黄油代替了黄油
I was offended by his behavior.	他的行为冒犯了我
I awoke to find it snowing.	当我醒来时
I come from a large family.	我从一个大家庭来
Tom is a little drunk, isn't he?	汤姆是不是有点醉了
Don't tell anyone our plan.	不要把我们的计划告诉任何人
I suspected that Tom was interested.	我怀疑汤姆也感到兴趣
I'm suffering from a bad cold.	我患上了重感冒
He reads a good deal.	他读很多书
I don't have a lot of work, but it's enough to keep me in the office this week.	其实我工作并不多
They gave in to my opinion.	他们屈服于我的看法了
Tom already knew that.	汤姆已经知道了
Tom doesn't celebrate Christmas.	汤姆不庆祝圣诞
After a storm comes a calm.	否极泰来
Did you buy a round-trip ticket?	你买了往返的票吗
There are so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.	我有太多话想和你说
Here's how we do it.	以下是我们怎么做的
We go to school by bus.	我们乘公共汽车去上学
Whether you succeed or not depends on your own efforts.	你成功与否取决于你自身的努力
He disappeared without a trace.	他没有留下痕迹就消失了
You have to clean your room.	你该打扫你的房间
I dislike big cities.	我不喜欢大城市
I had no idea there'd be this many people here.	我没想到这里有这么多人
I played catch with my father.	我和我爸爸玩接球
Arabic is read from right to left.	阿拉伯语要从右往左读
What's your husband's name?	你丈夫叫什么
I can't stop sneezing.	我止不住打喷嚏
Sorry, I don't have any change.	不好意思
I'm back.	我回来了
I can't agree with you.	我无法同意你的意见
Who are the two women over there?	那边的两位女士是谁
Everyone likes Tom.	大家都喜欢汤姆
This book will do.	这本书就行了
This is much better.	这样好多了
I'm not well at all.	我一点都不好
We instantly became friends.	我们马上成为了朋友
All he thinks about is himself.	他只顾自己的利益
Do you take part in any community activities?	你参加社团活动吗
She greeted me with a big smile.	她面带大大的笑容向我招呼
I want it to be different this time.	我想让这次变得不一样
I began running.	我开始跑
Despite his riches, he's not contented.	尽管他很富有
Why don't we order pizza?	为什么我们不订披萨呢
The police arrested him for smuggling.	警察以走私为由逮捕了他
Tom asked Mary some questions, but she refused to answer them.	汤姆问了玛丽一些问题
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.	您很容易就能看出区别
She laughed at the sight of his hat.	看到他的帽子
I can't move this.	我挪不动它
What does this key unlock?	这钥匙能打开什么
I have asked him.	我问过他
There's something we need to talk about.	我们有些事要谈
How much time has passed?	过了多长时间
Why do people commit suicide?	为什么人们会自杀
All of us like her.	我们都喜欢她
Many goods are now transported by air.	如今很多的货物都由飞机运送
I have a lot of regrets.	我觉得太遗憾了
What are you lingering for? Hurry up and go.	你磨蹭什么呀
How much money will it cost to get that book translated?	翻译那本书要多少钱
I would like to speak English fluently.	我想把英语说得很流利
I don't have an excuse.	我没有任何借口
She's my daughter.	她是我女儿
She was born in America.	她生在美洲
I'm a junior high school student.	我是个国中生
They look familiar.	他们很眼熟
Would you mind coming with me?	你介意跟我一起来吗
You seem to ask Tom a lot of questions.	你看来问了汤姆很多问题
As soon as he sat down, he picked up the telephone.	他一坐下
Did you go to the book fair?	你去书展了吗
I will let you know in advance.	我会让你提前知道
They are here.	他们在这里
I don't like the taste of tomatoes.	我不喜欢蕃茄的味道
I'll wait till four o'clock.	我会等到四点
In my room, there are no clocks.	我的房间里没有时钟
You can't use this washing machine.	您不能使用这台洗衣机
I have known her for five years.	我已经认识她五年了
Tom admitted that he'd killed Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
I'm a waiter.	我是跑堂
I can't sing that song.	我不会唱那首歌的
He can play tennis very well.	他网球打得很好
Tom mostly kept to himself.	汤姆大多一个人独处
My mother made me a sweater.	我妈妈为我做了一件毛衣
They trust Tom.	他们信任汤姆
I wanted to go there.	我想去那里
She told me that her mother had bought it for her.	她告诉我她妈妈买给她了
Waiter, please bring me some water.	服务生
Tell me you didn't do this.	告诉我你没有这么做
He knows who they are.	他知道他们是谁
He is very sensitive.	他很敏感
The war has not ended.	战争还没结束
I still need to talk to you.	我还有话要对您说
I'll call you on Monday.	我会在星期一给你打电话
Tom used to live near Mary.	汤姆以前跟玛丽住得近
I'm the captain of this ship.	我是这船的船长
I asked for my father's help.	我请我父亲帮忙
She traveled around the world last year.	她去年环球旅行
Are you really not coming?	你真的不来吗
If we don't hurry, we'll miss our train.	再不快点我们就赶不上火车了
I owe everything to Tom.	我什么都欠汤姆的
There's nobody in the building now.	现在楼里没人
What's the meaning of this word?	这个词是什么意思
I have to go meet with Tom.	我必须去见汤姆
Have you given Tom everything?	你全都给汤姆了吗
It's time to take a bath.	是时候洗个澡了
His second son married and settled down.	他的第二个儿子结婚并定居下来了
We surrender.	我们投降
How do I sign up?	我怎样报名参加呢
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.	他通过驾驶考试的事让每一个人都觉得惊讶
You're a good painter, aren't you?	你是个很棒的画家
Do you know how to use this camera?	你会用这台相机吗
I read lips.	我读唇语
Tom was killed in an accident.	汤姆在一场意外中丧生
Tom called the police.	汤姆叫了警察
What is your date of birth?	你的生日是几号
Tom began talking.	汤姆开始说话
Do you have children already?	你已经有孩子了吗
My guess is that it will be fine tomorrow.	我猜明天会是好天气
Tom is used to cooking on a campfire.	汤姆习惯用营火做菜
I'll send it to you tomorrow.	我明天把它寄给你
Can you please tell me your name once more?	请问你能再告诉我一遍你的名字吗
Has the mailman already come?	邮差已经来过了吗
I heard that Tom attempted suicide.	我听说汤姆试图自杀
The sky is full of dark clouds.	天空乌云密布
I had hoped that my mother would live until I got married.	我曾经希望我妈妈能活到我结婚的时候
You should study harder.	你应该更努力学习
He likes adventure.	他喜欢冒险
These are my books.	这些是我的书
Nobody knows the truth.	没有人知道真相
She naturally accepted the invitation.	当然
Every time I went to his place, he was studying.	每次我去他住处
Tom looked well.	汤姆看上去很精神
I will not see him any more.	我不会再见他了
On Sunday, I go to church.	周日我去做礼拜
I am glad that you have succeeded.	我很高兴你们成功了
Paper catches fire easily.	纸容易着火
He has a lot of money in the bank.	他在银行里有大量钱财
Tom doesn't like people who smoke in no smoking areas.	汤姆讨厌在禁烟区吸烟的人
The wall is partly covered with ivy.	墙被常青藤覆盖了一部分
What's causing it?	是什么原因
The information is very important to us.	这些信息对我们非常重要
I'm getting old.	我在变老
He should have arrived by now.	现在他应该已经到了
What do you think about it?	关于那个你有什么看法
I support you whole-heartedly.	我全心全意地支持你
This watch is made in Japan.	这块手表产自日本
I've rented a room not far from here.	我租了一间离这里不远的屋子
I'm saving up to buy a new car.	我在省钱买新车
You may go home now.	你现在可以回家了
You have beautiful legs.	你有着漂亮的腿
This is the book that you're looking for.	这是你要找的书
It is just your imagination.	这仅是你的想像而已
I don't care all that much.	我不那么在意
The plane is ready.	飞机准备好了
I'm exhausted.	我累死了
Tom said he'd never been to Boston.	汤姆说他从来没去过波士顿
She took me for my brother.	她把我认作我弟弟了
I am very, very sorry.	我非常
Old dogs can learn new tricks.	老的犬可以学新的诡计
I worry about him.	我担心他
The horse stopped and wouldn't move.	马停了下来
What time do you go home?	你几点回家
You should return what you borrow.	有借有还
Whose car is this?	这辆汽车是谁的
What'll you be doing at this time tomorrow?	你明天这个时候会是在做什么
What would you all like to eat?	你们想吃什么
She resented being called a coward.	她对被称为懦夫很反感
His doctor advised him to quit smoking.	他的医生建议他戒烟
Which countries have you visited?	你去过哪些国家
I'm reformed.	我改过自新了
She stayed in the house all day.	她整天待在房子里
Time is more precious than anything else.	时间比什么都宝贵
She looked away.	她转移了视线
I haven't been to Australia.	我没去过澳大利亚
I tried to convince Tom to come home.	我试着说服汤姆回家
I get a kick out of her cheerful personality.	她开朗的个性使我觉得快乐
My vision is getting worse these days.	这些天我的视力正在变差
I want something to drink.	我想喝点什么
What made you so angry?	什么让你这么生气
He drove the car, listening to music on the radio.	他一面开车一面听收音机的音乐
Clean your room.	打扫一下你的房间
Are you absolutely certain about this?	你绝对确定这事吗
The hawk caught a mouse.	这只鹰抓到一只老鼠
I used to be a forest ranger.	我以前是护林人
