Don't let the dog in.   别让狗进来
I'll have to come here every year.	我每年必须来这里
You're no longer a mere child.	你不再只是一个孩子了
What are you after?	你想要什么
I didn't know you didn't know how to swim.	我不知道你不会游泳
My older brother lives in a small village.  我哥住在一座小村庄里
Choose one person.	从中选择一人
A dolphin is a mammal.	海豚是哺乳动物
I want a boat.	我想要一艘船
I will wait here until he comes back.	我会在这里等着到他回来的
They hugged each other.	他们互拥
Could we go somewhere and talk?	我们能去别的地方谈谈吗
We were unable to make contact with them until it was too late.	我们联系上他们已经为时已晚
The boy has come home.	男孩到家了
I'll never allow you to do that.	我绝不会让你去做
How's the weather there?	那儿是什么天气
Please tell me your name.	请告诉我你的名字
Please don't ask.	请不要问
That store sells newspapers and magazines.	那家店卖报纸和杂志
There's probably been a traffic accident.	可能是发生交通事故了吧
I'm a university student.	我是个大学生
Probably you are allergic to pollen or dust.	你可能对花粉或灰尘过敏
Are you feeling under the weather?	你感觉不舒服吗
What do you plan to sell?	你计划卖甚么
You should go in person.	你应该亲自去
He is my old friend.	他是我的一位老朋友
He is different from what he used to be.	他和从前不一样
Would you please shut the window?	能不能请你把窗关了
I visited my grandmother's house.	我拜访了我祖母的房子
Tom was very scared.	汤姆当时非常害怕
Read it once more, please.	请再读一次
He asked me two questions.	他问了我两个问题
Do you have a mobile phone?	你有手机吗
What do you plan to major in at college?	你计划去大学后主修什么吗
Tom won't tell Mary the real reason that he did that.	汤姆不会告诉玛丽他做那件事的真实原因
It's impossible.	这是不可能的
That black bird is not a blackbird.	那只黑鸟不是乌鸫
Ouch! My finger got caught in the door.	好痛
It's not mine.	不是我的
I work long hours.	我工作数小时
The meeting ended.	会议结束了
I still live at my dad's place.	我还住在我父亲的房子里
I just cut my finger.	我刚刚切到手指了
We're fed up with your complaining.	我们受够了你的抱怨
You should look after the children from time to time.	你应该偶尔照顾孩子
I take a bath almost every day.	我几乎每天洗澡
It's raining.	在下雨
It's hard to maintain one's reputation.	维持一个人的声誉是很难的
They ruined my life.	他们把我的生活毁了
He will have to go to the station.	他该去火车站了
What's your home address?	你家的地址是什么
A famous architect built this house.	一个有名的建筑师造了这个房子
I hope you don't die.	我希望你别死
Don't cry.	别哭
We must learn to live in harmony with nature.	我们必须学会与自然和谐共处
She seems to be in love with my brother.	她似乎喜欢上了我哥哥
What is done cannot be undone.	覆水难收
I think Tom's cheating.	我觉得汤姆有外遇
Tom has lived here since 2003.	汤姆自从
I often slept on that bench when I was homeless.	当我无家可归的时候
I envy him.	我羡慕他
A hare raced with a tortoise.	兔子和乌龟赛跑
The compass points to the north.	指南针指向北边
The number of people suffering from heart disease has increased.	遭受心脏病困扰的人数增加了
We spoke briefly.	我们简短地谈了谈
English has become my favorite subject.	英语变成了我最喜欢的学科
The barber gave him a haircut.	理发师为他理了头发
It may never happen.	它可能永远都不会发生
Only an expert can tell them apart.	只有专家能区分出它们的不同
It's too early.	太早了
That coat may have cost a lot of money, but it's worth it.	那件大衣可能需要很多钱
The students have returned.	学生们回来了
Tom thought he had a chance to make a lot of money on the stock market.	汤姆觉得他有机会在股市赚一大笔钱
Of course.	当然了
I'd like to see your father.	我想去看你的父亲
There's narrow road to the village.	到村庄有条窄路
I'm suffering from a bad cold.	我患上了重感冒
He became famous.	他出名了
I thought that I could be of some help.	我认为我能帮点忙
There is no clock in my room.	我的房间里没有时钟
They became very nervous.	他们变得很紧张
He looked over my report.	他仔细看了我的报告
Answer my question carefully.	仔细回答我的问题
Tom is grinning.	汤姆露齿而笑
My father often reads the newspaper during meals.	我父亲经常在吃饭时读报纸
This car runs on natural gas.	这辆车靠天然气驱动
The bucket was full of water.	这桶装满了水
There's a soccer match tomorrow.	明天有一场足球比赛
Doesn't Tom have any friends?	汤姆没有朋友吗
The dress that Mary is wearing looks expensive.	玛丽穿的衣服看起来价格不菲
My hobby is making model planes.	我的嗜好是做模型飞机
Could I have the bill, please?	请把帐单给我好吗
Tom is wearing what he wore yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
Tom is going to help us.	汤姆要帮助我们
I still can't speak French.	我还是不会说法语
The picnic was called off because of rain.	由于下雨
Mary hugged her doll.	Mary	拥抱她的娃娃
He lost everything he owned.	他失去了他拥有的一切
He has been busy.	他很忙
Have you already voted?	您已经投了票了吗
His behavior never ceases to surprise me.	他的所作所为总是让我惊讶
What are you reading?	你在看什么
I give up.	我放弃
I can open the window.	我可以打开这扇窗
We discussed a wide range of topics.	我们谈论了各种各样的话题
Parents love their children.	父母爱自己的孩子
Tom looked for his pen.	汤姆找他的钢笔
It's nothing to worry about.	没什么好担心的
Tom can swim almost as fast as I can.	汤姆几乎能游得跟我一样快
They sometimes help us.	他们有时帮我们
I like going to watch baseball.	我喜欢去看棒球
He is getting along with his neighborhood.	他和他的邻居相处
This is a picture of an airport.	这是一张机场的照片
I don't like kids.	我不喜欢小孩
I wish we could spend more time together.	我希望我们有更多时间呆在一起
I don't feel very well. I should go home.	我感觉不太好
He's always been kind to me.	他总是对我很亲切
Tom doesn't drink beer.	汤姆不喝啤酒
We need your help.	我们需要你的帮忙
Tom's office is on the third floor.	汤姆的办公室在三楼
Tom hasn't called Mary yet.	汤姆还没打给玛莉
The children are having fun in the park.	孩子们在公园里玩耍
Where is the Japanese Embassy?	日本大使馆在哪里
She loves chocolate, too.	她也喜欢巧克力
Please hide the blueberry jam where Takako can't see it.	把蓝莓酱藏在享子看不到的地方
My neighbor's dog is dead.	我邻居的狗死了
Please wait a bit.	请稍等一下
You're not special.	您不特别
I like oranges better than apples.	我喜欢橘子胜过苹果
I like your family.	我喜欢你的家庭
Do this work by tomorrow if possible.	如果可能的话
Listen carefully.	仔细听着
She is sitting on the bench.	她坐在长椅上
We took a walk along the river.	我们沿著河散步
The service is excellent in this hotel.	这家酒店服务很好
Tom owns two houses and a boat.	汤姆拥有两套房子和一只船
Your prophecy has come true.	你的预言成真了
I've finished cleaning my room.	我已经打扫完我的房间了
He's a bit energetic.	他有点活泼
Tom could've dealt with the problem in a better way.	汤姆本可以用更好的方式处理问题
Tom doesn't think so.	汤姆可不这么认为
I haven't discussed that with Tom.	我还没和汤姆讨论过那个
I always eat before going to school.	我总是在上学前先吃饭
She has already left the office.	她已经离开了办公室
I must help my mother.	我必须帮忙我母亲
Tom is hammered.	汤姆醉了
He always takes sides with her.	他总是支持她
Put some salt into the boiling water.	放点盐到滚水里
You shouldn't have paid the bill.	你本来不应该付账的
The storm developed into a typhoon.	暴风雨发展成了一个台风
Do you want another cup of coffee?	你想要另一杯咖啡吗
An honest man never steals money.	诚实的人从不偷钱
Put down your weapons.	放下你们的武器
Tom isn't going to give me that.	汤姆不会同意的
I don't procrastinate as much as I used to.	我不像我以前那么拖延了
Tom knew that Mary wanted him to go to Boston with her.	汤姆知道玛丽想让他跟自己去波士顿
He was an intelligent and practical man.	他是聪明能干的人
He did the reverse of what I asked.	他做的和我要求的相反
Had I arrived earlier, I could have seen Kelly.	如果我早点到
Tom has many cats.	汤姆有很多猫
I think she will divorce him.	我想她会和他离婚
Who's in charge of the sales section?	谁负责销售部门
You can use my dictionary.	你可以用我的字典
Everybody looks up to Tom.	每个人都看向汤姆
I had hoped to meet you there.	我曾希望在那里遇见你
Tom is a very generous man.	汤姆是个大方的人
The poor girl went blind.	这可怜的女孩瞎了
I'd like to speak with Tom alone.	我想和汤姆单独谈一谈
I'd like to order drinks now.	我现在想点饮料
She made a man of him.	她使他长大成人
All men are equal under the law.	法律之前人人平等
Is everything going OK at work?	工作一切顺利吗
I won't see him anymore.	我不会再见他了
I have to say goodnight to Tom.	我必须跟汤姆说晚安
I just didn't want to go to work yesterday.	昨天我只是不想去工作
Bringing up a baby is hard work.	养大一个宝宝是一项艰难的工作
I was born in 1988.	我生于
I lost my money.	我丢了我的钱
It is never too late to learn.	活到老
Tom went swimming in the river, but when he got out, his clothes had been stolen.	汤姆去河里游泳
It's hot today, isn't it?	今天很热
I was really moved by this.	这件事让我真的很感动
She lost her father when she was three years old.	她父亲在她三岁时死了
Are you students at this school?	你是这所学校的学生吗
I thought that, too.	我也是这么想的
Why do that now?	为什么现在做那个
What's your job?	你做什么工作
The dog is sitting by the bowl.	狗坐在碗旁边
The prosecutor asked me a leading question.	检察官问了我一个引导性的问题
That movie is worth seeing.	那部电影值得一看
Is there a bus stop nearby?	这附近有公交站吗
We're eating apples.	我们正在吃苹果
Did you find what you were looking for?	你找到你要找的东西了吗
Today is Valentine's Day.	今天是情人节
The car pulled up in front of the bank.	这辆车在银行前面停下来了
One hundred years is called a century.	一百年称为一个世纪
I went swimming in the river yesterday.	我昨天去河里游泳了
She complained about my low salary.	她抱怨我的工资低
Tom left early this morning, so he should be in Boston by now.	汤姆今天早上走得很早
He doesn't know English at all.	他一点也不懂英语
We don't like our neighbors, and they don't like us, either.	我们不喜欢我们的邻居
Graham Greene is my favorite author.	格雷厄姆格林是我最喜欢的作家
Is this the right train for Tokyo?	这是开往东京正确的火车吗
He has a pleasant voice.	他的声音很悦耳
Complaining won't change anything.	抱怨不会改变任何东西
I wasn't aware that Tom was sleeping.	我不知道汤姆在睡觉
My scalp is very itchy.	我的头皮非常痒
He's an expert in astronomy.	他是个天文学专家
I can't find him anywhere.	我在哪儿都没找到他
How many times a minute does the average person blink?	人平均一分钟眨几次眼睛
Someday I'll buy a cotton candy machine.	有一天我买了一台棉花糖机
Turn on the computer.	打开电脑
You're the one who suggested that we sing together.	你是那个建议我们一起唱歌的人
You should keep your mouth shut.	你应该闭上你的嘴
This vending machine isn't working.	这台自动贩卖机故障了
She lives in New York.	她住在纽约
You do your part and I'll do the rest.	你做你的部份
Tom also likes to eat fish.	汤姆也喜欢吃鱼
Thanks for coming, Tom.	感谢你的到来
An opportunity like this only comes along once in a lifetime.	一辈子只会出现一次像这样的机会
How much is the entrance fee?	门票多少钱
How about you?	那你呢
I said it might rain.	我说了可能要下雨
Could you please pass me the pepper?	请你把胡椒递给我好吗
Don't let children play in the road.	别让孩子们在马路中间嬉戏
I did it myself.	我自己做的
He entered the army.	他加入了陆军
The stream flows into the pond.	溪水流进这个池塘里
One of my suitcases is missing.	我的其中一个行李不见了
Turtles are reptiles.	海龟是爬行动物
I lent him a CD.	我借给他一盘
There's always someone talking.	总是会有人谈论
Are you ready?	你准备好了吗
She likes going to the library.	她喜欢去图书馆
How's it going?	你们好吗
Don't blame the mistake on her.	不要把这个错误归咎于她
She boiled the eggs.	她煮了蛋
I admire your courage.	我佩服你的勇气
No one will bother you here.	这里没人会打扰你
Tom is wearing the same clothes that he wore yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
Has Tom come back already?	汤姆已经回来了吗
I am yours and you are mine.	我是你的
I think he won't come.	我认为他不会来
Do you have this jacket in different colors?	你有不同颜色的外套吗
Who is to blame?	是谁的错呢
Tom isn't a very good driver.	汤姆不是一个好司机
Is there anything else you want to say?	你还有甚么想说的
Tom was embarrassed to have to ask for help.	汤姆很不好意思去求帮忙
She glanced shyly at the young man.	她羞怯地看了一眼那个年轻人
You're on the right track.	你在正确的轨道上
You don't deserve it.	你不配
It doesn't sound like Tom.	听起来不像汤姆
This is a company town.	这是个企业生活区
This dress cost me over 40,000 yen.	这件衣服花了我
Take your time. There's no rush.	慢慢来
The doctor cured her of her disease.	医生治好了她的病
You'll understand someday.	你有一天会明白
I don't know how to use it.	我不知道如何使用它
Optimists see opportunities in disasters while pessimists find disasters in every opportunity.	乐观者在灾祸中看到机会
I plan to go there.	我打算去那里
Can you walk?	你能走吗
Tom works on his own.	汤姆独自工作
He was jealous of my success.	他嫉妒我的成功
Tom definitely looks younger than Mary.	汤姆看起来的确比玛丽年轻
These patients have trouble walking.	这些患者走路有困难
I am a professor.	我是大学教授
She kept the secret to herself.	她守著这个秘密
I want to ride a horse.	我想骑马
He could not answer that question.	他无法回答这个问题
If her nose were a little shorter, she would be quite pretty.	若她的姿态能再低一点就更完美了
I don't agree with him.	我不同意他
I respect the elderly.	我尊敬长辈
That's my money.	那是我的钱
Tom picked up the jar and read the label.	汤姆拿起罐子读标签
What did you get for Christmas?	你耶诞节得到了什么
The reservation is already made.	预订好了
He sent me a birthday card.	他寄给我一张生日贺卡
My house is near the station.	我家离火车站很近
Don't tell Tom the truth.	别把真相告诉汤姆
I want to know where they are.	我想知道他们在哪里
No arrests were ever made.	根本就没实施过逮捕行动
I doubt his story.	我怀疑他的故事
I just saw Tom.	我刚刚见到汤姆了
My brother died of cancer last year.	我弟弟去年死于癌症
Why are you wearing that scarf?	你为什么戴那条围巾
Your behavior leaves much to be desired.	你的行为离要求的太远了
I do forgive Tom.	我真的原谅汤姆
I was very moved by her kindness.	我深深地被她的仁慈所感动
She got all dolled up for her big date.	为了她的重要约会
He decided not to go to the party.	他决定不要去派对了
Tom plays chess very well.	汤姆下棋下得很好
You should eat more vegetables.	你应该多吃蔬菜
Tom doesn't even talk to Mary anymore.	汤姆甚至不和玛丽说话了
Don't use computer translation.	别用机翻
One who doesn't take risks will not win.	不冒险
He prefers football to baseball.	他喜欢足球胜过棒球
People are counting on us.	人们正在依赖着我们
Please save my place.	请保留我的位置
It's difficult to keep secrets.	守住秘密很难
I know Tom is tired.	我知道汤姆累
I'm glad I could help you.	能够出一份力太好了
Your answer is right.	你的答案是正确的
She's good at bargaining the price down.	她很善于砍价
Tom's face is red.	汤姆的脸红了
What kind of wine do you have?	您有什么样的葡萄酒
The plan is workable.	计划行得通
When do you want to go?	你什么时候要去
Could you solve the problem?	你能解决这个问题吗
This is going to be very expensive.	这要花很多钱
She had the nerve to speak out.	她有胆量说出来
Who's the man playing the piano?	那个正在弹钢琴的男人是谁
I can't leave.	我不能走
The young man put out his hand and I shook it.	年轻人伸出他的手
I went to the hospital to have my eyes tested.	我到医院去检查了眼睛
Tom said that he thought that he should study French.	汤姆说他认为他该学法语
He was considered very qualified for the job.	人们认为
They should all be fired.	他们全部都应该被开除
Shouldn't you be at school today?	你今天不是应该在学校的吗
The fire has gone out.	火已经灭了
Tom doesn't talk much.	汤姆说话不多
This is all I know.	这是我所知道的
Can you save Tom?	你能救汤姆吗
Tom is used to getting up early.	汤姆习惯早起
Show it to me.	给我看下它吧
This is my house.	这个房子是我的
Let me remind you again that March 31st is the due date.	让我再次提醒你
He felt in his pocket for his wallet.	他在口袋里摸着找他的钱包
The child will be six.	那孩子要六岁了
She could hardly keep from laughing when she saw the dress.	当她看到那件衣服
Tom realized he had lost his wallet.	汤姆意识到他丢了钱包
I went to the zoo yesterday.	我昨天去了动物园
He occasionally reads detective novels.	他偶尔会阅读一些侦探小说
Sorry, I don't have any money.	抱歉
He made the best of the opportunity.	他善用了这个机会
He'll succeed for sure.	他一定会成功
Tom has been very careful.	汤姆非常谨慎
Tom is a politician.	汤姆是位政治家
He thinks he knows everything.	他以为什么都知道
Are you satisfied now?	你现在满意了吗
She appears to have a headache.	她看起来头痛的样子
He returned at six.	他六点回来了
It's about the size of an egg.	它的大小就像鸡蛋
My stomach's full.	我吃得很饱
I think Tom is still alive.	我认为汤姆还活著
You owe me money.	你欠我钱
I think it's time for me to buy a house.	我想我该是时候买间房子了
Their father is a taxi driver.	他们的父亲是一个计程车司机
Tom has admitted that he was there that night.	汤姆承认他那晚是在那里
I got acquainted with him last night.	我昨晚认识了他
Where are you going on vacation?	你要去哪里度假
The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved.	诗人对他爱的女人表达了他火热的激情
The bike parked over there is my brother's.	那边停著的那辆自行车是我哥哥的
The lights are out.	灯已关了
Tom wasn't wearing glasses.	汤姆没戴眼镜
Tom was drunk.	汤姆醉了
You shouldn't talk to Tom that way.	你不该那样跟汤姆讲话
He kept me waiting for an hour.	他让我等了一个小时
I have a new car.	我有辆新车
I'm just about done.	我差不多完成了
That scandal cost him his reputation.	丑闻让他付出了失去声誉的代价
She's fond of taking pictures.	她喜欢拍照片
Where would you like to go next?	接下来你们想去哪里
She owns two thousand books.	她拥有二千本书
I wanted to become a philosopher.	我想成为哲学家
He snored loudly while he slept.	他睡着的时候
Tom, I want to have a chat with you.	Tom，	我想和你谈谈
I told you to stop, didn't I?	我告诉了你停下来
He was tired, but he kept working.	他累了
It goes without saying that health is important.	不用说
An elephant has a long nose.	大象有长鼻子
Tom had a strange dream.	汤姆做了个奇怪的梦
Could you call me tonight, please?	今晚你能打电话给我吗
Are those new shoes?	那是新买的鞋子吗
The world is full of dumb people.	世界上都是白痴
Sometimes I go, sometimes I don't.	有时我去
In general, consumers prefer quantity to quality.	一般来说
I asked Tom to close the door.	我要求汤姆关门
It's already 7:00.	已经是早上七点了
Please close the door behind you.	请随手关门
It would be great if you could sing.	如果你唱歌的话一定很棒
Here comes the train.	火车来了
I like to eat meat.	我喜欢吃肉
There's a full moon tonight.	今晚月亮很圆
Tom hid under the table.	Tom	躲在桌子底下
It's snowing today.	今天下雪
I'm really concerned about your future.	我真的很关心你的未来
I could hear dogs barking all night.	我整夜都能听到狗叫
I haven't seen her since last month.	我从上个月开始就没有看到她了
I've decided to become an engineer.	我决定当个工程师
I have to wake Tom up.	我得叫醒汤姆
Tom arrived here before sunrise.	汤姆天亮前就到这了
This city is 1,600 meters above sea level.	这座城市海拔
We have four French classes a week.	我们一周有四堂法语课
I wanted to stop Tom.	我想阻止汤姆
Do you want anything to eat?	您想吃点什么吗
Where did you go for vacation?	你去哪里度假了
My uncle made a will last year.	我叔叔去年立下了遗嘱
Mary is very pretty.	玛丽很漂亮
Did you go to school yesterday?	你昨天去上学了吗
You make me feel so guilty.	你让我感到很内疚
Tom said nothing.	汤姆什么也没说
Tom isn't the best player on our team.	汤姆不是我们队里最棒的球员
He's playing Tetris.	他在玩俄罗斯方块
I'm not satisfied with my English ability.	我不满意我的英语能力
You'd better have your hair cut at once.	你最好立刻剪头发
I'll be there in a minute.	我马上就到了
Did you find anything interesting?	你找到有趣的东西了吗
If you want a pencil, I'll lend you one.	如果你需要铅笔
How to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem.	如何克服日元升高是个大问题
How old are your parents?	你父母多大了
Are you off tonight?	你今天晚上有没有要上班
I need you.	我需要你
The bridge is under construction.	桥在建造中
Are you able to swim?	你会游泳吗
We will go on a picnic tomorrow.	我们明天要去野餐
I don't understand any French.	我一点法语都不懂
He gave a ball.	他举办了一场舞会
His son was expelled from school.	他的儿子被学校开除了
Four hundred million people speak English as their first language.	四亿人以英语作为他们的第一语言
Tom has started studying karate.	汤姆已经开始学习空手道了
She thought that I was a doctor.	她以为我是大夫
Keep trying.	继续努力
I've lost my watch.	我把我的表丢了
I have a new red car.	我有一辆新的红色汽车
How come you didn't say anything?	你怎么什么话也没说
We hurried in the direction of the fire.	我们急忙跑向火
A bird can fly.	鸟会飞
This is my first time to visit Australia.	这是我第一次来澳大利亚
The car he's driving is not his.	这辆他正在开的车不是他的
I can't keep up with you.	我无法跟上你
I asked him to come with me and he agreed.	我让他随我来
I should've asked.	我本应该先问的
My mother isn't at home.	我妈妈不在家
My wife's part-time job brings in a little extra money.	我太太兼职的工作赚进了一些额外的钱
The horse stopped and refused to move.	马停了下来
I'd like another beer.	我想再来一杯啤酒
I don't mind if you go to bed before I get home.	我不介意你在我回到家之前先去睡觉
How long is this?	这有多长
He's a very romantic boyfriend who brings me flowers each night.	他是个非常浪漫的男友
I'd like to get some sleep.	我想睡点觉
I didn't mean to keep it secret.	我不是有意要保密的
I don't know what to say to make you feel better.	我不知道该说什么来安慰你
Tom learned French.	汤姆学习了法语
You've done a perfect job.	你做了一项完美的工作
I play the tenor saxophone.	我吹次中音萨克斯风
I am the tallest in our class.	我在班里是最高的
Tom isn't accustomed to walking barefooted.	汤姆不习惯光着脚漫步
My dog slept in the bed with me.	狗跟我一起睡在床上
We were worried.	我们很担心
How much time do you spend on Facebook?	你花多少时间在
It is getting dark. Let's go home.	天渐渐黑了
What subjects are you taking at school?	你在学校里读哪些科目
Tom is plastered.	汤姆醉了
I saw a lot of buses.	我看见了很多大巴车
Does it sound like I'm in love?	听起来像是我恋爱了吗
You can use this computer any time.	你可以随时使用这台电脑
If he is innocent, then his wife is guilty.	如果他是清白的
I can't remember his name.	我不记得他的名字
I have no place to sleep tonight.	我今晚没地方睡觉
It's hard to tell Englishmen from Americans just by the way they look.	只凭长相的话很难区分英国人和美国人
May I have something hot to drink?	我可以喝一点热的东西吗
We're all going to die anyway.	不管怎样
We helped them as well.	我们也是帮他们的
I wasn't implying anything.	我没有暗示甚么
I'll be leaving for Australia next month.	我下个月将去澳洲
I prefer red wine to white wine.	我喜欢红葡萄酒胜过白葡萄酒
Tom very often takes a nap for an hour after lunch.	汤姆很经常在午饭后小憩一小时
I would like to speak English fluently.	我想讲一口流利的英语
You got here fast.	你来得很快
Is there life on Mars?	火星上有生命吗
You work too hard.	你工作太努力了
Tom took off his wedding ring.	汤姆拿掉了他的婚戒
Can I stay here with you?	我可以和你一起待在这儿吗
Is Tom in a lot of trouble?	汤姆是不是麻烦事很多
No one noticed her absence until the end of the meeting.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
Who do you think we are?	你认为我们是谁
I was very confused by his questions.	我对他的问题感到非常困惑
The bath is ready.	浴缸已经准备好了
Is there a cat on the table?	桌子上有只猫吗
Lie on your right side.	躺在你右边
Are we going to lose?	我们将会输了吗
It turned out that I was right.	结果证明我是对的
Out of these cakes, I like this one the best.	这些蛋糕中我最喜欢这个
Scientists are working hard to put an end to AIDS.	科学家们正努力终结艾滋病
Is this your apple?	这是你们的苹果吗
He's always been living in Tokyo.	他一直住在东京
He's three years older than me.	他比我大三岁
Everyone inside the building felt the earthquake.	在建筑物里的所有人都感觉到了地震
You don't understand.	你不了解
You must not go out after dinner.	晚饭后你不可以外出
No fewer than 50 passengers were killed.	不下
Will it be necessary for us to buy a book for this class?	我们有必要为上这门课买本教材吗
They must work 8 hours a day.	他们每天必须工作
Are you busy?	您在忙吗
It's already October.	已经是十月了
I called her up.	我给她打电话
I spoke to Tom last night.	昨晚我和汤姆说话了
We're still a little confused.	我们还是有点疑惑
There was a car accident yesterday.	昨天发生了一场车祸
Tom closed his eyes and began to count sheep.	汤姆闭上了眼睛开始数羊
We can begin.	我们能开始
How many does he want?	他要多少
My father will come home at the end of this week.	我爸爸会在这周末回家
Somebody came.	有人来了
Almost everyone came.	几乎每个人都来了
I don't have time to read.	我没时间阅读
I go to bed after I study.	我读完书之后就去睡觉
May I play the piano?	我可以弹钢琴吗
Where is your house?	您的家在哪
I am glad to have her company.	我很高兴有她的陪伴
Police shouldn't take bribes.	警方不应该收取贿赂
You're really beautiful.	你真的很漂亮
I wasn't quite sure what to say.	我不太确定要说什么
I'll pay you back next week.	我下周去还你钱
You need two to make a pair.	你需要两个才能凑成一对
Your question has no answer.	你的问题没有答案
He has great confidence in himself.	他对自己很有自信
Gravity brings everything down to Earth.	重力将一切带下地球表面
I think this machine is in need of repair.	我认为这机器需要修理
I love Korean food.	我爱韩国料理
You are not a doctor.	您不是医生
Let's forget it for now.	让我们现在忘了它吧
I'm tired of eating fast food.	我受够吃快餐了
Look out for cars when you cross the road.	当你过马路的时候要当心汽车
You'd better take it easy.	你最好放松
I'd like to check out right now.	我想现在结帐离开
I can barely see you.	我几乎看不到你
Are you and Tom working together?	你跟汤姆一起工作吗
I got up about six.	我六点左右起床
Does it taste good?	好吃吗
Tom isn't a good driver.	汤姆不是一个好司机
Death is like dreaming.	死了就像做梦似的
Tom likes them both.	汤姆两个都喜欢
What are your plans for tonight?	你今晚有什么打算
He turned a deaf ear to their request.	他对他们的请求置若罔闻
Tom quit smoking cold turkey.	汤姆突然戒烟了
Would you like another apple?	你要再来颗苹果吗
My father is a skilled fisherman.	我爸爸是个钓鱼高手
Death is like dreaming.	死亡就如同做梦一样
Tom bought new gloves.	汤姆买了新手套
Can I do anything to help?	我能帮上忙吗
Tom isn't going to stop.	汤姆不会停
Apparently, there is nothing that cannot happen today.	显然
I thought that it would be worse.	我觉得会更糟
I got my hair cut.	我把我的头发剪了
My sister goes to a university.	我妹妹上大学
There is no point in pretending to be sick.	装病是没用的
Can we meet tomorrow morning at nine?	在明天早上九点见可以吗
How do you want this handled?	你想怎么处理
One of them is a spy.	他们其中一人是间谍
I prefer rice to bread.	比起面包
I should not have said that.	我不该说那个
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.	一个老人在树荫下休息
Don't make fun of people.	不要取笑人
I'd rather be with you.	我更愿意跟着你
A stranger is just a friend you haven't met yet.	所谓陌生人
I'd like to send these to Japan.	我想将这些寄送到日本
Let's leave as soon as he arrives.	他一到
Why are you here?	你为什么在这
We reached the top of the mountain.	我们到达了山顶
There are subtle differences between the two pictures.	这两张图片之间有细致的差异
These are my books, and those are his books.	这些是我的书
Help me.	帮我一下
You must not talk to Tom.	你绝不能跟汤姆说话
Tom took a step back and fell.	汤姆后退一步跌倒了
He wants to go to America.	他想去美国
They're trying to control you.	他们设法控制你
I had no trouble finding his office.	我毫不费劲就找到他的公司
Hurry up.	赶快
I arrived here yesterday.	我昨天到这里的
I have a brother in Boston.	我有个在波士顿的兄弟
It's nice to have friends.	有朋友真好
He stuck his pencil behind his ear.	他把他的铅笔放在他的耳朵后面
I have no regrets about what I did.	我对我做过的事不后悔
We worked on a farm last summer.	我们去年夏天在一个农场上工作
Why do you want to study abroad?	为什么您想到外国读书
There's no reason to be afraid.	没有理由害怕
I don't have the slightest idea.	我没有丝毫的想法
He is an expert at fishing.	他是捕鱼达人
Tell me the truth.	告诉我真相
She was ashamed of her children's behavior.	她为自己孩子的行为感到羞耻
You're the prisoner.	你是囚犯
A burglar broke into his house.	一个窃贼闯进了他的房子
Please answer my question.	请回答我的问题
Dinner will be ready by six-thirty.	晚餐将在六点半前开饭
That couldn't have gone any worse.	再糟糕不过了
I turned right.	我往右拐了
Everybody knew she could speak English well.	大家都知道她的英语说得很好
She teaches reading and writing.	她教阅读和写作
You're absolutely right.	你完全是对的
Tom is always late.	汤姆总是迟到
Does Tom work in the kitchen?	汤姆在厨房里工作吗
Hurry up, or you'll miss the bus.	快点
I had lost a camera the previous day.	我前一天丢了一台相机
I like chocolate.	我喜欢巧克力
Tom is not as old as you.	汤姆的年纪不比你大
Do you know how to cook meat?	你知道怎么煮肉吗
The area was quiet.	这地区很安静
The boss has a good opinion of your work.	老板对你的工作有很高的评价
What's your hobby?	你的爱好是什么
No one is calling you a thief.	没人叫你小偷
Tom tried to push the door open.	汤姆试着把门推开
It won't take much time.	不会花很多时间的
Because our kids got married, we are now in-laws.	我们成亲家了
Thank you for coming to meet me.	谢谢你来跟我见面
We lived together for three years.	我们在一起生活了三年
What's your favorite way to cook potatoes?	你最喜欢用什么方式煮马铃薯
I don't like you.	我不喜欢你
Our train is late.	我们的车误点了
Tom said he'd never been to Boston.	汤姆说他从来没去过波士顿
I haven't eaten lunch yet.	我现在还没有吃过午饭
I'm a night owl.	我是个夜猫子
Tom hoped that Mary wouldn't die.	汤姆希望玛丽别死
There is no salt left.	没盐了
Did you bring your family with you?	你带著家人一起来吗
You must not eat too much.	你不该吃太多
He took something out of his pocket.	他从口袋中拿出了什么
"There's an apostrophe missing. It's and its are different." "I know. It was a typing error."	“	你漏写了一个撇号
You're lying, aren't you?	你在撒谎
He has no right to interfere in our family affairs.	他无权干涉我们的家庭事务
I am grateful to you for inviting me to the party.	谢谢你邀我参加派对
You've been had.	您被骗了
He has just published an interesting series of articles.	他刚发表一系列有趣的文章
I'm home.	我在家里
I went into the navy.	我加入了海军
I'll never be able to live this down.	我以后不能在这镇上生活了
Enjoy your holidays.	度假愉快
I need your cooperation.	我需要你们的合作
What we need is a little more time.	我们只需要再多一点时间
I had intended to go shopping this afternoon.	我这个下午本来想去逛街
He doesn't have to go to school.	他不必上学
Don't underestimate us.	别瞧不起人
The police were able to find the criminal.	警方能够找到罪犯
Why are there still wars in the world?	为什么这世界上还有战争
We got to be friends.	我们交了朋友
There aren't many books on these shelves.	这些书架上没有很多书
They're typical youngsters.	他们是典型的年轻人
Have you ever tried scuba diving?	你曾试过用水肺潜水吗
I climbed in through the window.	我从窗口爬进来的
I got it free.	我是免费得到的
She seems to be very ill.	她看来病得严重
Clean the window with a damp cloth.	用湿布清洁窗户
She always takes care of her children.	她毫无间断地照顾自己的孩子
Are you free now?	现在有空吗
Sunday is not a workday for me.	我在星期日不工作
Could you drive Tom home?	你能载汤姆回家吗
Are you dating anyone?	你跟人约会吗
This problem is worth discussing.	这个问题是值得讨论的
I was bored with his old jokes.	我厌倦了他的老笑话
I'm a college student.	我是一名大学生
He doesn't like fish.	他不喜欢吃鱼
Would you like anything else?	还有什么想要的吗
Your mother must've been beautiful when she was young.	你母亲年轻的时候一定很美
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.	您很容易就能看出区别
Tom died.	汤姆去世了
We have no choice but to risk it.	我们别无选择只能冒着危险
I couldn't sleep.	我睡不著
You should tell him the truth.	你该告诉他真相
Tom told me he had a right to see it.	汤姆告诉我他有权看它
What does it sound like?	那听起来像什么
Our friendship was put to the test.	我们的友谊受到了考验
I always drink milk with my breakfast.	我早餐一定会喝牛奶
We were surprised to hear the news.	我们听到这个消息很惊讶
Tom wrote postcards to us.	Tom	写明信片给我们
May I use your pencil?	我可以用你的铅笔吗
Who do you suggest we talk to?	你建议我们跟谁讲话
I'll pick you up at your home.	我会去你家接你
The kidnappers showed no sign of giving up.	这些绑匪没有放弃的迹象
She translated the letter from Japanese into French.	她把信从日语译成法语
This case might not get resolved for a while.	这个案件可能不会在短时间内就解决
We moved to New York last fall.	我们去年秋天搬到了纽约
Close the door.	关门
We had three tries and failed each time.	我们试了三次
Get it done as soon as possible.	尽快把它完成
I'm staying home.	我在家里待著
The taxi's here.	出租车到了
Tom is the best barber in town.	汤姆是镇里最好的理发师
Is there any coffee in the kitchen?	厨房里有咖啡吗
What do you want to do with your life?	你想如何过完一生
I don't laugh very often.	我不常笑
My uncle lives near the school.	我叔叔住在学校附近
I like everything you do.	我喜欢你做的任何事
I thought that you had to get up by 7:30.	我以为你要
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.	俄罗斯的贝加尔湖是世界上最深的湖泊
We were deeply impressed by the lecturer's eloquent speech.	演讲者精彩的演说给我们留下了深刻的印象
He is giving his whole attention to that.	他全神贯注
Some object to Tom's opinion.	有些人反对汤姆的意见
For me, this is not a problem.	对我来说这就不是个问题
Tom is from Australia and Mary is from New Zealand.	汤姆来自澳大利亚
Stop shooting.	停止射击
He found me a good seat.	他帮我找到了一个好位子
Not everyone is smiling.	不是每个人都在笑
What are you eating?	在吃什么呢
What is it that you need?	你需要什么
Have you ever seen Tokyo Tower?	你曾看过东京铁塔吗
Their wedding will be tomorrow.	他们的婚礼将在明天举行
It seems that no one knew the truth.	貌似没有人知道真相
Tom has been on the wanted list for three years.	汤姆已经上通缉令三年了
I'm very tired, but I can't get to sleep.	我很累
Mathematics is my favorite subject.	数学是我最喜欢的科目
I won't allow you to do that.	我不会让你做那事
Will you be at home this afternoon?	你今天下午会在家吗
Is it love?	那是爱吗
Instead of going to Europe, I decided to go to America.	我决定去美国
Is he correct?	他对吗
Keep going straight.	继续直行
The accident took place at that corner.	事故发生在转角
I wish I could buy that guitar.	但愿我可以买那把吉他
Tom has a good head on his shoulders.	汤姆脑瓜灵
They dropped out of school.	他们辍学了
It's bad manners to point at people.	用手指点别人不礼貌
I'm grateful for what Tom did.	我很感激汤姆所做的
This happens all the time.	这是常有的事
He was re-elected mayor.	他再次被选为市长
Can I have some tea?	可以给我一些茶水吗
That isn't Tom's fault.	那不是汤姆的错
What's the title of your new book?	你新书的书名是什么
I think that you ought to apologize to her.	我认为你应该跟她道歉
Tom was sitting alone at one of the tables near the door.	汤姆独自坐在门边一个桌子旁
This is the best movie I've ever seen.	这部电影是我迄今为止看过的最好的一部
Tom finally stopped.	汤姆终于停了
I should've gone to Australia with Tom.	我本该和汤姆一起去澳大利亚
This clock is mine.	这个表是我的
Are you really not coming?	你真的不来吗
Actually, I was wrong.	实际上我错了
He asked his friends for help.	他寻求他的朋友的帮助
You will exist but you will never know what it is to live.	你活着
Turn on the light, please.	麻烦开灯一下
You look very tired.	你看上去非常累
I think you should see a doctor.	我觉得你应该去看医生
As soon as Tom sat down, he started eating.	汤姆一坐下就开始吃东西
She has a strong objection to my plan.	她强烈反对我的计划
I wish I could go to Japan.	要是能去日本就好了
He wants to go to the United States.	他想去美国
His clothes are worn out.	他的衣服穿坏了
I've just finished eating breakfast.	我刚吃完了早饭
Tell me how to use the washing machine.	告诉我洗衣机怎么用
I want you out of my room.	我想让你离开我的房间
This isn't my car.	这不是我的车
There's no reason to get angry.	没有生气的理由
He would often come to see us when I was a child.	当我还是个孩子时
You and I are the same age.	你和我同龄
There's a white dove on the roof.	屋顶上有只白鸽
My father is in the hospital now.	我父亲现在在医院
You're old enough to know better.	你年龄足够大了
My brother and I are in the same class.	我的兄弟和我在一个班级
Where's the nearest shopping mall?	最近的大卖场在哪里
My girlfriend cried.	我女朋友哭了
I can hardly walk.	我几乎不能走路
I don't want to have an operation.	我不想接受手术
How much is this?	多少钱
I'm sure I've seen him before.	我确定我以前见过他
When I was a child, I spent most of my time indoors reading.	当我是个孩子的时候
He'd prefer not to eat that.	他宁愿不吃这个
My passport was stolen.	我的护照被人偷了
Put on your glasses.	把眼镜戴上
I don't want to read this book.	我不想读这本书
Don't be cruel to animals.	不要虐待动物
I got her to clean my room.	我让她清扫了我的房间
I despise you.	我鄙视你
I just need you to come with me.	我只要你跟我来
Well, let's get the ball rolling.	那么
The Diet will meet on Tuesday.	国会将在周二开会
I was given a nice watch by my uncle.	我叔叔给了我一块漂亮的手表
She wears high heels to make herself look taller.	她穿著高跟鞋
Tom lost his car keys.	汤姆丢了车钥匙
You're still young.	你仍然很年轻
I can't agree with you.	我无法同意你的意见
That might not have happened.	也许那没有发生
Spring has come.	春天到了
We don't have class on Wednesday afternoons.	我们周三下午没课
How many teams are there?	那里有多少队伍
Fish and red wine don't go well together.	鱼和红酒不合
They make good use of their rooms.	他们好好地利用他们的房间
Tom is an excellent father.	汤姆是个杰出的爸爸
Man is the only animal that can talk.	人类是唯一能够彼此交谈的动物
Let me take your blood pressure.	让我量量你的血压
The news distressed her.	新闻使她不安
An unforgettable event occurred.	一场令人难忘的事件发生了
Tom doesn't drive as carefully as I do.	汤姆不像我这样开车小心
I'll follow you anywhere.	到哪里我都会跟着你
My father is free this afternoon.	我父亲今天下午有空
Tom is almost six feet tall.	汤姆差不多有六呎高
Everyone was drunk.	所有人都喝醉了
The armed forces occupied the entire territory.	军队占领了整片领土
Tom thought Mary would like doing that.	汤姆以为玛丽会喜欢那么做
London is one of the largest cities in the world.	伦敦是全世界最大的城市之一
I don't blame you for doing that.	我不怪你那样做
Would you carry my luggage upstairs?	你可以把我的行李拿到楼上吗
I am glad to see her.	见到她我很高兴
How was the French class?	法语课上得怎样
Do you think Tom is too young?	你觉得汤姆是不是太嫩了
I'm relaxed.	我很放松
The polar bears are dying.	北极熊正在死去
His doctor advised him to quit smoking.	他的医生建议他戒烟
What does that gentleman do for a living?	那位先生靠什么生活
Are both Tom and Mary Canadians?	汤姆和玛丽都是加拿大人吗
His word is law.	他的话就是命令
We must get up at dawn.	黎明时我们必须起床
The tsunami alert was cancelled.	海啸的警报解除了
How old are you?	你几岁
When will we go?	我们甚么时候出发
My parents aren't home.	我父母不在家
We intended to let you in on the secret.	我们打算让你知道这个秘密
I'm sorry about being late.	对不起
She will be a famous artist in the future.	她将来会是一个有名的艺术家
Perhaps I'll be able to help you.	我可能能帮你
His second son married and settled down.	他的第二个儿子结婚并定居下来了
I don't work on Sundays.	我星期天不工作
Trees do not grow on prairies.	树不会长在草原上
The horse broke its neck when it fell.	马倒下时脖子断了
Did you enjoy the party yesterday?	昨天的派对你玩得开心吗
I was mistaken for a salesman.	我被误认为是推销员
I saw a man get hit by a car.	我看到有个男人被车撞了
He bought his daughter a new dress.	他买了新衣服给他的女儿
Any bed is better than no bed.	任何床都比没有床好
You gave me only fifty cents.	你只给了我五十美分
Tom is waiting for you in the conference room.	汤姆在会议室等你
You must've been asleep.	你一定睡著了
I saw him at the station a few days ago.	几天前我在站看到了他
I have things to take care of.	我有些事
I don't have a partner.	我没有伙伴
It's ten minutes to eleven.	还有十分钟就十一点
Tom died two days after he moved to Boston.	汤姆在他搬去波士顿后的两天死了
He's much younger than Tom.	他比
What are you waiting for?	还在等什么呢
You're not getting it.	你不懂
How I've missed you!	我多么想念你
The reporter criticized the politician.	记者批评了政治家
I'm now busy writing a book.	我现在正忙于写一本书
This book is not as large that one.	这本书没那本大
Field hockey is not very popular in China.	曲棍球在中国不是很流行
The weather promises to clear up.	有望会变晴
Please lock the door.	请把门锁上
We're traveling on a tight budget.	我们用少的预算旅行
I gave it to the little boy.	我把它给这个小男孩
English is a universal language and is used all over the world.	英语是一种世界性的语言
I want you to relax.	我要你放松一下
Tom has to do that again.	汤姆必须再做一遍
Who's at fault?	是谁的错呢
She didn't like her husband drunk.	她不喜欢让自己丈夫喝醉
Someday I'll run like the wind.	有一天
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope?	你知道显微镜和望远镜的差别吗
You'll be punished if you break the law.	如果你违反了法律
Please pass me the butter.	请把黄油递给我
Women tend to live longer than men.	女人往往比男人活得更长
People love to talk.	人们就是爱说话
Didn't you hear her speaking French?	你没听到她说法语吗
I'll be back by seven or eight o'clock.	我会在七八点回家
What symptoms do you have?	你有什么症状
I have no idea of what's going on in there.	我不清楚这里发生了什么事
His comments about the book were favorable.	他给这本书正面的评价
I may be unsociable, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.	我或许不善于社交
I've been very busy recently.	我最近很忙
She has a flower in her hand.	她手上有一朵花
Will you mail this letter for me?	你可以帮我寄这封信吗
She came home very late.	她很晚回家
I can't figure him out.	我不了解他
Many people were waiting in line.	许多人在排队等候
What do you think of this plan?	你觉得这个计划如何
How old are your parents?	您父母多大岁数了
Hi, my name's Tom. What's yours?	你好
I've had a headache for three days and I can't get rid of it.	我已经头疼三天了
That was pretty neat.	那真整洁
Where is the bank?	银行在哪里
I'm not going to tell you until I tell Tom.	我在告诉汤姆之前不会告诉你
They were frightened.	他们被吓到了
My daughter likes egg yolks.	我女儿喜欢蛋黄
What's new?	有什么新鲜事吗
What're you up to?	你打算做什么
My room is twice as big as his.	我的房间是他的两倍大
I've finished reading the book.	我看完了这本书
I consider fruit to be the healthiest food.	我将水果视为最健康的食物
Frankly speaking, he's wrong.	坦率地说
I am interested in sports.	我对运动感兴趣
Has the movie started?	电影已经开始了吗
These scissors don't cut well.	这把剪刀不好用
These scissors don't cut well.	这把剪刀不好使
He'll be glad to see you.	他会很高兴见到你
It must be done more carefully.	应该更谨慎地处理它
It's business.	公事公办
What else do you want me to say?	你想让我再说什么
Which do you like better, rock music or classical music?	你比较喜欢哪一个
Mary won't listen to her friend's advice.	玛丽不会听她朋友的忠告
Tom is afraid to go out alone at night.	汤姆害怕晚上一个人出门儿
Tom needs to be told what to do.	汤姆需要被告知怎么做
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.	我穿著睡衣吃早饭
Tom needs to update his website.	汤姆需要更新他的网站
I haven't been to Australia.	我没去过澳大利亚
They say this old house is haunted.	据说老房子闹鬼
Don't forget Tom is allergic to peanuts.	不要忘记汤姆对花生过敏
This is delicious.	很美味
A few minutes later, the telephone rang.	几分钟后
That's Mary's husband.	那是玛丽的丈夫
You have a very nice family.	你有个温馨的家庭
She had my mother take care of the baby.	她让我母亲照顾孩子
He gave her a piece of paper.	他给了她一张纸
The cake is too sweet.	这个蛋糕太甜了
I wish I were a good singer.	但愿我是一个好歌手
I don't like the way he speaks.	我不喜欢他说的话
I'm so stupid.	我真蠢
Got it?	你懂了吗
The students could not give an answer.	学生们无法给出一个答案
I need to go to work.	我得去工作了
No pain, no gain.	苦尽甘来
Every man has his price.	每个人都有个价
You dropped your pencil.	你把你的铅笔弄掉了
I got up early.	我起床早
You have to finish this by 2:30.	你必须在两点半之前完成它
I play tennis once in a while.	我偶尔打网球
Tom baked some chocolate chip cookies.	汤姆烤了些巧克力脆饼
My internet connection was cut off.	我的网路连线被切断了
My heart was filled with happiness.	我心里充满着快乐
Can I see that one?	我能看那个吗
I guess I'll have to leave now.	我想我现在得走了
I will do the shopping for her birthday.	我要去给她生日买点东西
The children are afraid of Tom.	孩子们怕汤姆
She says you'll bring some friends along.	她说你会带一些朋友过来
I was terribly confused by his question.	我对他的问题感到非常困惑
Let's pray.	让我们开始祈祷吧
Tom didn't want to do that.	汤姆不想去做那件事
Tom began talking.	汤姆开始说话
He always plans a thing out carefully before he does it.	他每件事做之前都会细心计划
I would like to have a look at your collection of stamps.	我想看看您的邮票收藏
They're digging a hole.	他们正在挖一个洞
Are you busy at work?	你工作很忙吗
I can't stand this pain any more.	我不能再忍受这种痛苦了
I go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days.	除了雨天
We receive many telephone calls from abroad.	我们接到许多来自国外的电话
Is Tom helping Mary?	汤姆在帮玛丽吗
I can't find anything wrong with his theory.	我在他的理论中找不到任何问题
What's the matter?	怎么了
The mouse ran into the hole.	这只老鼠跑进洞里
He is always forgetting things.	他总是忘记事情
His horse jumped over the fence.	他的马跳过了栅栏
I had to choose between the two.	我必须在两者中选择
April showers bring May flowers.	四月春雨
It's really bad for your eyes.	它对你的眼睛有害
She is now staying at her uncle's house.	她现在正待在她叔叔家
She is walking.	她在行走
I heard Tom scream.	我听到汤姆尖叫
We just moved in.	我们才刚搬进来
Tulips will bloom soon.	郁金香很快将盛开
Could you help us after school?	你能在放学后帮助我们吗
What are you cooking?	你在煮什么
He stayed at his aunt's house.	他呆在他阿姨家
A true gentleman never betrays his friends.	一个真正的绅士不会出卖他的朋友
What about you?	你们呢
I'm sorry.	我很抱歉
We talked until two in the morning.	我们聊到凌晨两点
I'm glad to hear that.	我很高兴听到这个消息
What were you and Tom doing yesterday?	你和汤姆昨天做了什么
Please take off your shoes.	请脱掉你的鞋子
Young children are often fascinated by science.	小孩常常对科学很有热情
I do not think that he will come.	我不认为他会来
Some of the money was stolen.	一部分钱被偷了
Why were you late?	你为什么迟到
He was seen to go upstairs.	有人看见他上楼
You knew about this already, didn't you?	你已经知道了
That rumor soon spread.	那个谣言很快传播开来
I'm no longer your assistant.	我不再是你的助手了
He convinced me of his innocence.	他让我相信他是无辜的
What's your nickname?	你的昵称是甚么
The woman glared at us.	女人瞪了我们
She is busy preparing supper now.	她现在正忙著准备晚饭
We are encouraged to use our imagination.	我们被鼓励使用想像力
I'd like to see a doctor.	我想看医生
Would you like a tour?	你想去参观吗
Don't follow me.	别跟着来啊
Someone told me that this boy cannot hear.	有人告诉我这个男孩耳聋
This book is easy to read.	这本书很容易读
Everyone, say cheese.	所有人
She so wants to go.	她特别想去
Interest rates and inflation were high.	利率和通货膨胀很高
Tom likes to make paper airplanes.	汤姆喜欢折纸飞机
The door was kicked open.	门被踢开了
Tom ran out of matches so he couldn't light the fire.	汤姆用尽了火柴
Are you going to school tomorrow?	你明天要去上学吗
How many books do you think you've read so far?	到目前为止
Wherever you go, I will follow you.	无论你去哪里我都会跟著你
Do you understand?	你明白了吗
He is the tallest boy.	他是最高的男生
On Sunday, I go to church.	周日我去做礼拜
The importation of rare wild animals to this country is strictly prohibited.	该国严禁进口稀有野生动物
I already apologized.	我已经道歉了
This decision is final.	这是最终决定
Where's your dog?	你的狗在哪里
Lots of companies have implemented an eight-hour working day.	很多公司实行
He grasped the rope with two hands.	他用两只手抓住了绳子
Come on. I want to show you something.	来吧
There's no rush.	不急
Throw it away.	扔掉
We are spending the night at my uncle's house.	我们睡在我舅舅家
We swam in the lake.	我们在湖里游了泳
I don't like studying.	我不喜欢学习
Where's the next train going?	下一列火车去哪里
I slept a little during lunch break because I was so tired.	我在午休时间睡了一会儿
Children should drink milk every day.	孩子们应该每天喝牛奶
I have a stomachache.	我胃痛
These pants fit me well.	我穿这条裤子很合身
How much longer will you stay in Boston?	你在波士顿再待多久
My cell phone has a built-in digital camera.	我的手机有内建的数位相机
I'm too sleepy to do my homework.	我太累了
One of the dogs is alive.	这些狗中的其中一只是活的
Can I ask you a question?	我可以问您一个问题吗
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.	他昨天抵达东京
He loved to laugh and enjoy life.	他爱笑以及享受生活
I can't go with you because I'm very busy.	我不能和你们一起去
Let's consider the worst that could happen.	考虑一下最坏的情况下会发生什么
There are many fish in this lake.	这个湖里有很多鱼
A thousand yen will do.	1000	日元足够了
I am able to drive a car.	我会开车
Excuse me, how much is this sweater?	请问下
Let's make some more.	我们做多一点
I'll stop by your place on my way home.	我会在回家的路上顺便去你家
I don't feel like eating sushi.	我不想吃寿司
Are you for or against the plan?	你赞成还是反对这个计划
It belongs to my brother.	它属于我兄弟
Everything is normal.	一切正常
Tom won't be here long.	汤姆不会在这里久留
Tom put his money in the safe.	汤姆把他的钱放在保险柜里
Both you and I are men.	你和我都是男人
I want to participate.	我想参加
I forget where I put my hat.	我忘了我把我的帽子放在哪里了
Let's meet in front of the theater.	让我们在戏院前面碰面
He lied to me. That is why I am angry with him.	他对我说了谎
I find it much easier to speak French than English.	对我来说法语比英语说起来简单得多
Are you able to play organ?	你能演奏管风琴吗
Beethoven was a great musician.	贝多芬是一个伟大的音乐家
You know quite a lot about Sumo.	你对相扑知道得很多
Can I help you?	我能帮你吗
She is lacking in common sense.	她缺乏常识
He has a lot of money in the bank.	他在银行里有大量钱财
Pass me the salt, will you?	请把盐递给我
He spent all night cramming for the test.	他通宵备考
It's said that she loves him.	据说她爱他
Come on, hurry up.	来吧
Everybody was singing except me.	除我以外每个人都在歌唱
I don't know what day he'll come.	我不知道他星期几会来
He slipped me a note.	他悄悄地递给我一张纸条
Have you heard from him?	你收到他的音讯了吗
She gave us lots to eat.	她给了我们很多吃的东西
Do you like rap?	你喜欢说唱音乐吗
Tom forgot to do his homework.	汤姆忘了做作业
Tom had a hunch that Mary was seeing someone else.	汤姆预感到玛丽在见别人
I wish they would stop fighting.	我希望他们会停止战斗
I don't know if today is Tuesday or Wednesday.	我不知道今天是星期二还是星期三
Every rose has its thorn.	没有不带刺的玫瑰
I slapped his face.	我掴了他的脸
"Pass me the salt, please." "Here you are."	“	请把盐递给我
What made you so angry?	什么让你这么生气
I hate Mondays.	我讨厌星期一
We must make a new start.	我们必须重新开始
Someone is watching.	有人在监视
Today is my sister's birthday.	今天是我姊姊的生日
He catches colds easily.	他很容易感冒
This is a bird sanctuary.	这是鸟类庇护所
Tom is a strong guy.	汤姆是个很强壮的人
Buy some milk on your way home.	回来的路上买点牛奶
I bought an old lamp.	我买了一盏很旧的灯
I feel like a rest.	我想休息一下
I'm expecting someone.	我在等待着某个人
How much does a bus ticket cost?	公车票价多少钱
Anybody may participate.	谁都可以参加
I have a lot of cats.	我有很多狗
The situation went from bad to worse.	情况越来越糟糕
I wanted to go to the concert.	我本想去参加音乐会的
Which team are you a fan of?	你是哪一队的迷
We are not short of oil in this country.	我们国家不缺石油
I have no strength.	我没力气了
It is impossible to master English in a short time.	不可能短时间内学会英语
I don't want Tom to die.	我不想让汤姆死
I want you to wear this.	我想让你穿这件
Tom isn't an elected official.	汤姆不是选出来的官员
I received a letter written in English yesterday.	昨天
Where do you live?	您住在哪里
No other mountain in the world is so high as Mt. Everest.	世界上任何山峰都达不到珠穆朗玛峰的高度
They don't like me.	他们不喜欢我
I thought Tom would enjoy the party.	我以为汤姆会喜欢这个聚会
We sat talking about the remote past.	我们坐着谈很久以前的事
A beautiful sunset, isn't it?	美丽的夕阳
I don't mind being criticized when I am wrong.	要是我说错话被人议论
It's my turn to do that.	轮到我做了
The firm went under due to lack of capital.	公司由于缺乏资本倒闭了
Pigs share certain characteristics with human beings.	猪与人类的一些特性相同
We have to finish everything before Tuesday morning.	我们必须在周二早上之前完成所有事情
Tom checked the TV schedule to see what was on.	汤姆检查电视时间表
What did you make?	你做了什么
There's no possibility of his coming.	他不可能来
The flag is up.	旗子升起了
Come inside.	进来
It's impossible for me to explain it to you.	要我解释给你听是不可能的
It's been a long war.	这是场长久的战争
We spent the weekend with friends.	我们和朋友一起度过周末
Who are you looking at?	你在看谁
We have to pull the weeds.	我们必须拔除杂草
She teaches us French.	她教我们法语
I want to go with you.	我想和你一起走
I'm glad that you guys are here.	我很高兴你们都在
We can't deny the fact that he's honest.	我们无法否认
You need to go home right now.	你要现在就回家
He survived an accident last year, but still drives recklessly.	他去年在事故中幸存了
She was aching from head to foot.	她浑身酸痛
To be always honest is not easy.	要一直诚实是不容易的
The girl made an awkward bow.	这个女孩做了一把不称手的弓
Please tell me when to go.	请告诉我什么时候该走
Tom is spending more and more time in Boston.	汤姆在波士顿待得越来越久
They consider it impolite to disagree with someone they don't know very well.	他们认为
He was scared when the monkey jumped at him.	猴子跳到他身上的时候
Do it now.	现在就做
The population of Shanghai is as large as that of Tokyo.	上海的人口数量和东京相当
You've got a strong will.	你的意志力很强
Keep on smiling.	保持微笑
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.	那是我说过的最愚蠢的话了
She was about to leave the house.	她正要离开家
Tom doesn't like being treated like a child.	汤姆不喜欢被当作小孩
You guys are totally clueless.	你们这些家伙真不懂事
I saw him enter the room.	我看到他进房间
I'm watching TV.	我在看电视
Give me your sandwich.	把你的三明治给我
Where does your uncle live?	你叔叔住在什么地方
I'm used to staying up late.	我习惯晚睡
He rode his bicycle there.	他是骑自行车去的
They work really hard.	他们工作的很辛苦
I shot the horse because it had trouble breathing.	我枪杀了那匹马
I caught a cold last month.	上个月我感冒了
Two adult tickets and three children's tickets to London, please.	请给我两张到伦敦的成人票
I love you more than anybody else.	我爱你胜过其他任何一个人
I have a stomachache, doctor.	我胃痛
I like this color, too.	我也喜欢这颜色
I confessed to stealing the money.	我承认偷了钱
Now is the time for action.	现在是行动的时候了
I'm out of time.	我没时间了
I invited him to the party and he accepted.	我邀请他去派对
Tom didn't let his children go to Mary's party.	汤姆没有让他的孩子们去玛莉的派对
It's said that she's a well-known actress.	据说她是个知名的女演员
Tom wasn't surprised to see me.	汤姆见到我并没有惊讶
It's time to wait now.	现在是时候等着了
What would you like to eat?	你想吃什么
I wake him at six every morning.	我每天早上
That's my favorite chair.	那是我最喜欢的椅子
It's only a dream.	只是一场梦而已
She's my classmate.	她是我的同学
Tom wouldn't let anyone else in the room.	汤姆不让任何人进房间
Wood burns.	木材可燃
I will do it tomorrow.	我明天再做
I don't understand at all.	我完全不懂
They are peace-loving people.	他们是热爱和平的人
Try to avoid making any more trouble.	尽量避免制造任何更多的麻烦
She got to the station at seven.	她七点钟到车站
Have you eaten your dinner already?	你吃过晚饭了吗
They fell into the conversation immediately.	他们很快就聊起来了
Everybody knows his name.	每个人都知道他的名字
I'll pick you up at three.	我三点钟来接你
Part of his story is true.	他的故事一部分是真的
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the end of the meeting.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
It's worth the wait.	它是值得等待的
Don't worry about it. It's not your problem.	不要在意
How are you doing today?	你今天怎么样
Nobody knows where he has gone.	没有人知道他去了哪里
A whale is a mammal.	鲸鱼是哺乳动物
Wait until the light changes to green.	等到灯变为绿色
I'll keep that book for myself.	我要把这本书留给自己
The handyman was supposed to arrive at twelve noon, but got stuck in a traffic jam for a few hours.	这个工人本来应该在中午十二点到达
This is really difficult to deal with.	这件事真难处理
They've decided to get married next month.	他们已经决定下个月结婚
I need it as quickly as possible.	我尽快需要
The weather is nice tonight.	今晚天公作美
You or I will be chosen.	你或者我会被选中
He's busy with his homework now.	他现在正忙著做他的家庭作业
He went to America to study medicine.	他去美国学医了
All things considered, I think you should go back home and take care of your parents.	全盘考虑后
Mom, can I go swimming?	妈妈
Mary has just come home.	玛丽刚刚回家
Is that love?	那是爱吗
We went out for a walk after dinner.	我们在吃过晚餐后出去散步了
Tom comforted Mary.	汤姆安慰了玛丽
Today is one of my friends' birthday.	今天是我一个朋友的生日
The cottage was clean and tidy.	小屋干净又整洁
How old is your son?	你儿子几岁
Turn on the light, please.	请开灯
I always thought that Tom was a bit different.	我以前总认为汤姆是有一些与众不同的
I listened to some records last night.	我昨晚听了一些唱片
My friend asked me if I was feeling all right.	我朋友问我是不是觉得还好
I will finish my homework by nine.	我会在九点前完成我的作业
She cannot do without her car.	她离不开她的车
I thought it was very good.	我觉得它真的很不错
It's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty.	五十岁以后学一门新的语言不是那么容易
Tom really needs help now.	汤姆现在真的需要帮助
You can count on her.	你可以相信她
What's the Wi-Fi password?	Wifi	的密码是什么
It's my turn to drive next.	下次该轮到我开车了
I'm not sure when he'll come.	我不确定他什么时候来
You must get rid of that bad habit.	你必须改掉这个坏习惯
Choose the one you like.	选一个你喜欢的
She smiled.	她笑了
It's October already.	已经是十月了
These peaches aren't very sweet.	这些桃子不是很甜
When did you begin to learn English?	您什么时候开始学英语的
Tom couldn't help but smile.	汤姆帮不了
I don't think I ordered that.	我觉得我没有下命令
Whose is this?	这是谁的
What did you answer?	你回答了什么
Were you playing tennis yesterday morning?	你昨天早上在打网球吗
It's foggy outside.	外面起雾了
I've been waiting here for thirty minutes.	我在这里等了三十分钟
Because of his wealth, he was able to become a member of that club.	由于他的财富
We watched the children play.	我们看着这孩子玩耍
Can you drive a car?	您会开车吗
You have the right to know.	你有资格知道
Bring me the newspaper, please.	请把报纸拿来给我
I can teach you how to drive.	我会教你怎么开车
I like to eat.	我喜欢吃
Tom's speech was excellent.	汤姆的演讲非常好
In the Edo period, moon-viewing parties were very popular.	在江户时代赏月的宴会非常受欢迎
Nobody's going to shed any tears if that old building gets torn down.	没有人会为这个旧建筑物的拆除而落泪
Everything went well.	一切都很顺利
Countless stars were twinkling in the sky.	无数星星在天上闪烁
We should ban advertising aimed towards children.	我们应该禁止针对儿童的广告
He went fishing instead of playing tennis.	他去钓鱼了
What'll the results be?	结果会是甚么样的
In doing anything, you must do your best.	做任何事
They are proud of their daughter.	他们以他们的女儿为荣
Do you have fresh strawberries?	您有新鲜草莓吗
You should think before you speak.	你在说话前应该先思考
She got wet to the skin.	她浑身湿透了
Let's take a break now.	现在休息一下
Tom's girlfriend threatened to leave him.	汤姆的女朋友威胁要离开他
I knew you'd find Tom.	我知道你会找到汤姆
Let's assume that'll happen.	让我们假定那会发生
I'd like to reserve a room in a hotel.	我想要订房
Have you ever seen Tom when he's angry?	你有看见过汤姆生气的时候吗
It's quarter to eight now.	现在是七点四十五分
I'm afraid to die.	我怕死
Come and dance with me.	过来和我跳舞啊
Why do you want to know what I'm thinking?	为什么你想知道我在想什么
What would you do if you had ten thousand dollars?	如果你有一万美元
They studied English yesterday.	他们昨天学习英语
He just got home.	他刚回到家
Tom heard this and got angry.	听到这事之后
Is this your daughter?	这是你的女儿吗
Tom hasn't done anything.	汤姆什么都没做
Horses are stronger than deer.	马比鹿强
See you soon!	一会儿见
He did not accept their invitation.	他没有接受他们的邀请
She scolded her son for being lazy.	她骂她的儿子懒惰
I'm busy.	我很忙
Put handcuffs on him.	把他铐上
I get scared just walking past him.	只是从他旁边走过去我就觉得害怕
I met him on the street.	我在街上遇到他
It's just your imagination.	那只是你的想象
We just have enough time to eat breakfast.	我们刚好有时间吃早饭
I didn't mean it.	我不是这个意思
Have a nice day, Tom.	汤姆
He kept a diary during the trip.	他旅行期间
In case the shipment is delayed, we have special delay insurance.	万一船运迟了
Write your name and address on this envelope.	把你的姓名和地址写在这个信封上
Old dogs can learn new tricks.	老的犬可以学新的诡计
I bought this camera yesterday.	我昨天买了这台相机
Flies and mosquitoes interfered with his meditation.	苍蝇和蚊子干扰了他的冥想
I'm now rich enough to afford to get anything I want.	我现在富得能买我想要的任何东西
It seems that you're not having a good time here.	好像你们在这儿玩得不愉快啊
He told me not to tell lies.	他告诉我不要说谎
English is studied in Japan.	在日本的人学习英语
I have a lot of homework to do.	我有很多作业要做
He disappeared without a trace.	他消失了
Tom lied to the others.	汤姆向其他人撒谎了
How rude of you!	你真粗鲁
Above all, be patient.	尤其是要有耐心
You like rain, don't you?	你喜欢雨对吧
I want Tom to win.	我想让汤姆赢
They only sell women's shoes here.	这里只卖女鞋
I play in a band.	我在一个乐团里演奏
My plans failed one after another.	我的计划一个接一个的失败了
She had a new dress made.	她让人做了一条新连衣裙
Tom said that Mary likes to drive.	汤姆说玛丽喜欢驾车
I saw something strange in the sky.	我看见天上有奇怪的东西
I didn't even think of it.	我连想都不想
All of us would like to get rid of nuclear weapons.	我们所有的人都想除掉核子武器
I didn't feel bad.	我没觉得不好
You'd better consult your doctor.	你最好请教你的医生
This is going to be a great trip.	这会是个绝好的旅行
It's too noisy in here.	这儿太吵了
You should've never interfered.	你从来不该干涉
We've got what we need.	我们得到了我们想要的
I can solve the problem by myself.	我可以自己解决这个问题
How did you feel about that?	关于那件事你之前怎么想的
We couldn't do that.	我们做不到
I almost never lie.	我几乎从不说谎
I took it for granted that he would keep his word.	我理所当然地认为他会履行诺言
Parking is prohibited here.	此处禁止停车
He invited me to his house.	他邀请我去他家
Hand me my towel.	帮我递一下毛巾
Please speak more loudly.	请说话大声一点
I must be getting close.	我一定越来越接近了
I want to travel with you.	我想和你去旅行
We generally drink tea after a meal.	我们通常饭后喝茶
My father has never been abroad.	我父亲从来没有出过国
Their apples aren't as good as our apples.	他们的苹果没有我们的好
The sale prices are written in red ink.	售价用红墨水写
He gave me 10,000 yen.	他给了我
Answer the telephone, will you?	请你接听一下电话
Mary and I plan to have two kids.	Mary	和我计划生两个孩子
That's what I have to do.	那是我必须做的
Approximately thirty young people attended.	约有三十个年轻人到了
He will survive.	他会幸存
How long ago did the bus leave?	这辆公车多久前离开的
She likes to go to the library.	她喜欢去图书馆
I was delayed by a traffic jam.	我被交通堵塞耽搁了
He gave me a nice Christmas present.	他给了我一个很棒的圣诞礼物
I'm working in Boston now.	我现在在波士顿工作
A stay of execution was ordered at the eleventh hour.	缓期执行在最后关头决定了下来
I'm not married to Tom.	我没跟汤姆结婚
Tom told me that he'd lost his textbook.	汤姆告诉我他丢了课本
Tom dyed his hair.	汤姆染发了
No one will talk.	没人会讲
In the case of fire, dial 119.	遇到火警时
I want you to grow up.	我希望你能长大
Please pick me up at the airport at five.	请于五点钟到机场接我
He had a smile on his face.	他面带笑容
Are you kidding?	你在开玩笑吗
Not a day passes without traffic accidents.	交通事故没有一天是不在发生的
Shut all the doors and windows.	关闭所有的门和窗户
My hobby is reading.	我的爱好是阅读
You said Mary was beautiful, but I didn't think she would be this beautiful.	你说玛丽很美丽
He made his son a chair.	他做了一把椅子给他儿子
None of them could understand what she was implying.	他们没有人了解她暗示什么
I'm Tom's father.	我是汤姆的爸爸
Why didn't you tell Tom that you were married?	你为什么不告诉汤姆你已经结婚了
Even when I was a child, I was able to swim well.	我很小的时候就游得很好了
I'll check your vision.	我要来检查你的视力
I think I left my wallet at home.	我想我把钱包放家里了
I want another beer.	我想再来一杯啤酒
How many apples do you want?	你要多少个苹果
Do you feel like resting?	你感觉轻松吗
Only adults may watch that film.	只有成人可以看那种电影
The fuel gauge is broken.	燃油表坏了
The balloon was caught in the tree.	这颗气球被树绊住了
I need to find out when we need to be there.	我得知道我们什么时候要到那里
He swims better than I do.	他游泳比我好
Where are you guys going?	你们去哪里
My aunt made a new skirt for me.	我姑姑做了一条新裙子给我
You should do your homework now.	你应该现在做功课
I'm almost never home.	我几乎不回家
She kept me waiting for 30 minutes.	她让我等了半小时
That wasn't nice.	那不好
It was terrible.	真糟糕
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.	没有挑战就没有收获
She has traveled all over the globe.	她周游世界各地
What you're saying doesn't make sense.	你说的没有意义
I would like to see it.	我想看看它
Lend me some money if you have any.	你有钱的话
She told me to open the window.	她告诉我把窗户打开
The sky was completely dark.	天空完全变黑了
So where's the problem?	所以
I'm going to attend the meeting.	我将出席这个会议
He looks down on women.	他小看女人
Are you finished with your work?	你完成你的工作了吗
Tom has never been on time.	汤姆从来都没有准时过
She was hit by a car.	她被车撞了
He's already a man.	他已经是个男人了
No students were absent.	没有学生缺席
There's only a little milk left.	只剩下一点点牛奶了
Do you know what he said?	你知道他说了什么吗
Tom is studying to become a marine biologist.	汤姆正在为成为海洋生物学家学习
She disappeared.	她消失了
She gave me access to her records.	她允许了我对她的访问纪录
Why's Tom always so grumpy?	汤姆脾气为什么总这么坏
Anniversaries are important.	周年纪念很重要
I'm very grateful for everything you've done for me.	非常感谢你所做的一切
Tom should be fired.	汤姆应该要被开除
I heard someone come in.	我听到有人进来了
I didn't find anything.	我甚么也没找到
What do you think about it?	你认为如何
The baby was sound asleep in her mother's arms.	孩子在母亲的怀中熟睡
We made pancakes for breakfast.	我们早餐做了煎饼
The monkey climbed up a tree.	猴子爬上了树
Tom rolled down his window.	汤姆拉下了他的窗户
We helped them as well.	我们也帮助他们
He wouldn't look at my proposal.	他不会考虑我的建议
I thought that Tom would sleep until noon.	我认为汤姆会睡到中午
I never thought it would come to this.	我从没想过它会变成这样
The batteries in my calculator are dead.	我计算机的电池没电了
He called me a taxi.	他替我叫了一部计程车
You never listen to our advice.	你从来不听我们的建议
Tom is living with his uncle now.	汤姆现在跟他叔叔住在一起
She almost drowned.	她差点就溺水了
This place gives me a really bad vibe.	这地方给我一个很差的印象
Christmas is around the corner.	圣诞节快到了
You'd better not have eaten the cake.	你最好不要吃了蛋糕
I bought two bags of popcorn.	我买了两袋爆米花
I don't believe the child came to Tokyo alone.	我不相信孩子能独自到东京
The toilet doesn't flush properly.	厕所冲水不正常
People still think Tom is a liar.	人们仍然认为汤姆说谎
Here's the change.	这是找零
I'd be happy to help you.	我愿意帮你
I belong to the swimming club.	我是游泳社的成员
Don't let me down.	别让我失望
A doctor was called in right away.	医生立刻被请来了
I'm ready to die.	我已经准备去死了
When did you get here?	你是什么时候来的
Ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids.	埃博拉通过体液在人与人之间传播
He never drinks alcohol.	他从不喝酒
The meeting ended at 4:00 p.m.	会议于下午
He painted a dog.	他画了一只狗
Try it once more.	再试一次
Tom still doesn't know the truth.	汤姆还是不知道真相
She is going to Chiba Stadium.	她将去千叶球场
I can drive a car.	我会开车
I got something nice for you.	我给你个好东西
He crashed his car because someone tampered with the brakes.	他撞车是因为有人在刹车上做了手脚
I wish I could stop hiccuping.	我希望我能停止打嗝
I know a lot about ships.	我知道很多关于船的知识
He will be back in ten minutes.	他十分钟后会回来
I have a feeling he is right.	我觉得他是对的
If we don't hurry, we'll miss our train.	再不快点我们就赶不上火车了
Like a good wine, he improves with age.	就像上好的红酒一样
In the United States, school buses are yellow.	在美国
I can't believe Tom is getting married.	我不能相信汤姆要结婚了
He became a member of this club five years ago.	他在五年前成为了这个俱乐部的成员
May I eat that cake?	我可以吃那个蛋糕吗
I'll see to it.	我会留意的
We hope a solution is found.	我们希望找到解决方法
She filled her bag with apples.	她在她的袋子里装满了苹果
Don't look down on others.	不要看不起别人
I guess it depends on the weather.	我想这要看天气情况而定
I'll wait another five minutes.	我还要等五分钟
I'm never at home on Sundays.	我周日从不在家
I'm just a regular office worker.	我只是一个普通的上班族
I'm extremely tired.	困死了
She lived there about five years.	她住在那里大约
Is it true that Tom wants to paint his house green?	汤姆想把房子漆成绿色
There is no hope of his recovery.	他没有希望痊愈了
It looks like a duck.	它看起来像一只鸭子
I don't like your girlfriend.	我不喜欢你的女朋友
How much is the bus fare?	公车票价多少钱
I can't survive without air conditioning in the summer.	我夏天没有空调会死
I had nothing to hide.	我没什么可隐藏
Ask him where he parked his car.	问问他把他的车停在那里
My wife wants to adopt a child.	我妻子想收养一个孩子
I was afraid I'd be late.	我怕我会迟到
Tom climbed down from the tree.	汤姆从树上爬了下来
I think you should open an account here.	我认为你应该在这里开个账户
If we don't keep walking, we'll be late.	如果我们不继续赶路
Would you like something to eat?	你想吃点东西吗
Why do you need my help?	你为甚么需要我帮助
He works from nine to five-thirty.	他从早上九点工作到下午五点半
They say that she was born in Germany.	他们说她是在德国出生的
Are you hungry?	你肚子饿吗
She's a glamorous girl.	她是个迷人的女孩子
We'll begin tomorrow morning.	我们明天上午开始
Can you come to the meeting tomorrow?	你明天可以来参加会议吗
Have you been eating?	你在吃东西吗
I just wanted to speak to Tom.	我只想跟汤姆说话
Most accidents happen near home.	大多数的事故都发生在家附近
What is Gestalt Therapy?	什么是格式塔疗法
You work as hard as he did at your age.	你跟他在你这个年纪时一样努力工作
He took a week off.	他休了一周的假
Please turn off the light before you go to sleep.	上床睡觉之前请关灯
You're even taller than I am.	您比我更高
That was one of the best times of my life.	那是我一生中最美好的时光之一
She wants to work at the hospital.	她想在医院工作
I often go swimming in the river.	我常常在河里游泳
I prefer coffee to tea.	我喜欢咖啡胜过茶
My stomach's full.	我的胃是胀满的
Please find a solution to the problem.	请找到问题的解决方法
Shall we go out for a walk?	出去散步怎么样
People should be dancing.	人们应该在跳舞
Tom likes football.	汤姆喜欢足球
I buy tapes.	我买磁带
Few things give us as much pleasure as music.	很少有东西像音乐一样带给我们这么多的快乐
I'd like to see your sister.	我想见你姐姐
You should study harder.	你应该更努力学习
I'm impatient.	我是个急性子
I want to become a teacher of Japanese.	我想成为日语老师
I should have known better than to call him.	早知道我不应该打电话给他
Turn the flame down low.	把火转小一点
We saw many ships in the harbor.	我们在港口里看到了许多船
Where did all that self-confidence come from?	哪来那么大的自信啊
I will ask him tomorrow.	我明天会问他
Do you know where Tom lives?	你知道汤姆住哪儿吗
No matter what happens, I'm not changing my mind.	无论如何
What is that?	那是什么啊
It will be snowing when we arrive at Shiga Heights.	我们到达志贺高原时会下雪
The girl is small for her age.	就她的年龄来说
She applied her mind to her new job.	她专注在她的新工作上
I'm considering studying in America next year.	我在考虑明年去美国学习
We are good friends.	我们是好朋友
It has always been a pleasure to work with you.	跟你共事总是很愉快
Tom has no idea why his wife left him.	汤姆根本不明白为甚么他的妻子离开了他
You're joking!	你在开玩笑吧
You don't look so well.	你看上去不太好
Tom took Mary to the hospital on the back of his motorcycle.	汤姆把玛丽放到他的摩托车背上送到医院
Tom's thirty.	汤姆今年三十岁
In my opinion, he is correct.	在我看来
Everyone is waiting for Tom.	每个人都在等汤姆
I think Tom will likely like this movie.	我认为汤姆很可能会喜欢这部电影
Mary grabbed her purse and left.	Mary	霸占了她的包包并且离开了
We've ordered Chinese food.	我们点了中餐
What do you advise me to do?	您建议我做什么
I owe everything to Tom.	我什么都欠汤姆的
Show him in.	让他进来
He hasn't come yet.	他还没来
How much sugar do you use?	你用多少糖
Do I have to take this medicine?	我必须吃这个药吗
That house appears deserted.	那幢房子看起来被遗弃了
We should always obey laws.	我们总要遵守法律
There's not a moment to waste.	一刻也不浪费
She forgave the boy for his rudeness.	她原谅了男孩的粗鲁
I want you to come at once.	我想您马上来
The man robbed her bag.	这名男子抢走了她的包包
I'm very happy.	我很幸福
Riding double on a bicycle is dangerous.	脚踏车双载是危险的
Try not to forget anything.	尽量别忘掉任何事
I saw a dog swim across the river.	我见过狗游泳渡河
Would you please show me that skirt?	请你给我看一下这条裙子好吗
Please sit.	请用座
What's your favorite home-cooked food?	你最喜欢的家常菜是什么
This is just what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
He talks too fast.	他说话太快了
I'm not fond of her face.	我不喜欢她的脸
She cooked herself a good meal.	她为自己煮了好吃的一餐
Many of the workers died of hunger.	许多工人死于饥饿
I think Tom probably likes you a lot.	我认为汤姆可能很喜欢你
I don't mind waiting for a while.	我不介意等一会儿
I love watching soccer games.	我爱看足球
I'm learning how to type.	我正在学如何打字
It may not be possible.	不太可能
It's wrong to lie.	说谎不好
Both of my sisters are married.	我的两个姐妹都结婚了
Thank you ever so much.	非常感谢
You took the wrong key.	你拿错钥匙了
I took an art class last year.	我去年上了一堂艺术课
He arrived in time for the meeting.	他及时赶到了会议
He likes jazz and so do I.	他喜欢爵士乐
Where do you want to go?	你们要去哪里
Tom probably knows how to get to Mary's house.	汤姆大概知道要怎么去玛莉家吧
It became quiet again in the forest.	森林里又再变得安静下来了
Do you have siblings?	你有兄弟姐妹吗
She was in trouble because she lost her passport.	她遇到了麻烦
I almost didn't meet her.	我几乎没有遇见她
I'm playing football now.	我现在正在踢足球
Several dozen young people participated in the demonstration.	几十个年轻人参加了示威游行
Do you know the reason why the sky looks blue?	你知道为什么天看起来这么蓝吗
There is a bank in front of the station.	车站前有个银行
You should ask your father for his advice and follow it.	你应该问你父亲的忠告并遵守它
We require your help.	我们需要你的帮助
Life without love is meaningless.	没有爱的人生没有意义
Please allow me to go.	请允许我去
Are you still living with your parents?	你依然和父母住一起吗
The doctor examined my throat.	医生检查了我的喉咙
Please tell me everything's OK.	请告诉我一切都好
He continued reading the book.	他继续看书
You should have done it earlier. It cannot be helped now.	你应该早点做的
I got this CD player for free.	我免费得到这个
They went to Tottori.	他们去了鸟取
It would be nice to have a party.	开个聚会很好
Subtract three from eight and you get five.	八减去三就能得到五
This rug is handmade.	这块地毯是手工制作的
How much does this cost?	这个几块
He consented to help the old lady.	他同意帮助这位老太太
I'm going to take a bath.	我打算洗个澡
I can read German, but I can't speak it.	我能看懂德语
He spends lots of money on clothes.	他在衣服上花了很多钱
Are you studying English?	你在研读英语吗
Who was in charge of today's party?	谁负责今天的派对
I'm listening to the radio.	我在听收音机
He is in trouble.	他有麻烦
I want that bag.	我想要那个袋子
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
She did nothing but cry all the while.	她一直哭哭啼啼
Tom is Mary's former husband.	汤姆是玛丽的前夫
You're really wonderful.	你真是太好了
If Tom is really alive, where is he?	如果汤姆真的活着
May I use your car today?	我今天可以借用你的汽车吗
I am not stupid.	我不是笨蛋
I'll scold him.	我会责备他
You won't be able to see anything without a flashlight.	没有手电筒的话
This boy is my son.	这个男孩是我儿子
Tom gave Mary a flashlight.	汤姆给了玛丽一把手电筒
The dog looks hungry.	这只狗看上去饿了
How did you spend your winter vacation?	你的寒假怎么过的
How long will the train stop here?	火车要在这里停多久
The explanation is by no means satisfactory.	这个解释不是很令人满意
It is fun to speak in English.	说英语很有趣
Could I try this on?	我能试一下这个吗
My father is sweeping the garage.	我父亲正在清扫车库
I'm lucky.	我运气很好
Everyone I know uses Google.	我认识的每个人都用谷歌
Tell me what happened.	告诉我发生了什么事
I didn't do anything during my vacation.	在假期中我什么都没有做
I can't stand his arrogance.	我不能忍受他的傲慢
I want to emphasize this point in particular.	我想特别强调这一点
The dog was sleeping on the mat.	狗在地毯上睡觉
I'm afraid I have to go now.	恐怕我现在得走了
Do you usually have tea for breakfast?	你经常早餐喝茶吗
He looks old, but he hasn't reached 30 yet.	他看上去老
He began to look for a job.	他开始找工作了
We are anxious about her safety.	我们为她的安全担忧
Life is not all fun and games.	生活并不都是轻松愉快的
I want to go to school and study hard.	我想上学并努力学习
My briefcase is full of papers.	我的公事包里装满了文件
Their losses reached one million yen.	他们的损失到达了一百万日圆
She has a cottage by the sea.	她在海边有一间小屋
They were afraid of the big dog.	他们怕这只大狗
I've been busy today.	今天我一直很忙
Is this your pencil?	这是你的铅笔吗
It's unlikely that he did anything wrong.	他看来没有做错甚么
He lives in a cozy little house.	他住在一个舒适的小房子里
We moved our bags to make room for the elderly lady to sit down.	我们移走了行李腾出空间让老太太可以坐下
No one knows if he loves her or not.	谁也不知道他是否爱她
Nobody understands me.	没有人理解我
I've got something I want to show you.	我有东西想给你看看
She went to the Takasu clinic.	她去了高须诊所
She substituted margarine for butter.	她用人造黄油代替了黄油
Are you free in the afternoon?	你下午有空吗
He gives some meat to the dog.	他给这只狗一些肉
These flowers bloom earlier than others do.	这些花比别的花早开花
Tom pretended to not hear a thing.	汤姆假装没听见
Did you get my letter?	你收到了我的信了吗
Could I borrow a pencil?	我能借支铅笔吗
I don't know what time it is.	我不知道现在几点钟
His father dedicated his life to science.	他的父亲把一生奉献给了科学
Can I have a look at that?	我能看看那个吗
Will I see you tomorrow?	我明天能见到你吗
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's new telephone number.	汤姆问玛丽是否知道琼的新电话号码
You can call me anytime you like.	你喜欢什么时候打给我就什么时候打
She traveled around the world last year.	她去年环球旅行
I think about it often.	我经常想着它
He is very tall.	他很高
The cat caught the rats.	猫抓住了老鼠
This chair is made of plastic.	这把椅子是用塑胶制成的
Why did you want to become a teacher?	你为何想当一个老师
Would you look after my cat?	你可以照顾一下我的猫吗
He earns three times more than me.	他赚的比我多三倍
Did you miss me?	你想我了
Do you play any instrument other than the piano?	除了钢琴以外
My parents aren't old yet.	我父母还不老
You should apologize to Dad for not coming home in time for supper.	你应该为你没有及时回家吃晚餐向你父亲道歉
A plane is flying above the city.	一架飞机在这个城市上空飞行
Mistakes like these are easily overlooked.	这种错误很容易被人忽视
Tom might want you to help him.	汤姆可能想让你帮他
She had an appointment with the doctor.	她跟医生预约看诊了
Tom and Mary were alone.	汤姆和玛丽单独在一起
There is a cottage beyond the bridge.	桥对面有一间小屋
His lectures are very long.	他的讲座很长
Mary had to go to school.	玛丽必须去上学
The concert is about to start.	音乐会即将开始
I worked as a piano tuner for many years.	我做钢琴调音师很多年了
A female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me.	我的一个女性朋友喜欢跟我一起去同志酒吧
They're always complaining.	他们总是抱怨
Why don't you go home?	你为什么不回家呢
He was completely engrossed in the book.	他完全沉浸在书里
He is an aggressive person.	他是个咄咄逼人的的人
I do not like the way he treats others.	我不喜欢他怎么对待他人
Shakespeare is too hard to read.	莎士比亚的作品太难读了
I'll call you up tomorrow morning.	明天早上我会打电话给你
Tom shut his eyes.	汤姆闭上了眼睛
May I come in?	我可以进来吗
All of you did good work.	你们所有的人都做得很好
That white parasol is hers.	那把白色阳伞是她的
The landscape is unfamiliar to me.	风景对我来说很陌生
She ironed her shirt.	她熨了衬衫
I don't think any more students want to come.	我觉得不会有更多学生想来了
She read an amusing story to the children.	她给孩子们读了个有趣的故事
Tom has made a big mistake.	汤姆犯了个大失误
Don't open that.	别打开那东西
She is about my age.	她大约跟我同年纪
Could I borrow your gray suit?	我可以借你的灰色西装吗
Tom is serving a life sentence.	汤姆正在服无期徒刑
We're worried.	我们很担心
That is a pencil.	那是一支铅笔
Why do you love me?	你为什么喜欢我
Bread is made from wheat.	面包是用小麦做成的
You'd better go back home now.	你现在最好回家
She sat next to me.	她坐在我旁边
Tom was sobbing.	汤姆在啜泣
We're classmates.	我们是同学
I'm going to the airport.	我去机场
There won't be a next time.	不会再有下次了
She's my best friend.	她是我最好的朋友
Trust me.	相信我
There's nothing to forgive.	没什么可原谅的
It isn't polite to stare at people.	盯著人看是不礼貌的
Please send me your photo.	请把您的照片发给我
Nobody understands me.	没人理解我
Rather than live a hundred years as a rabbit, live one day as a tiger.	宁可当只老虎活一天
You broke the rule.	你坏了规矩
She likes chocolate, too.	她也喜欢巧克力
Tom also has one.	汤姆也有一个
Tom is not an idiot.	汤姆不是白痴
Please fill out this form.	请填写这份表格
He lived in the center of London.	他住在伦敦市中心
I am going to my room, where I can study.	我要回房间了
Did you hear my show last night?	你听了我昨天晚上的节目吗
She had two accidents within a year.	她一年内遇到了两次事故
That is why he got angry.	那就是他生气的理由
Have you still not finished paying for my bike?	你还没有为我的自行车付完款吗
Who did you see at the station?	你在车站看见了谁
Where are you heading?	你要去哪里
That red dress looks good on her.	她穿那件红色的衣服很好看
Is Tom ready for that?	汤姆准备好了吗
Before he went fishing, he dug up some worms for bait.	出去钓鱼前
Tom is a friend of mine.	汤姆是我朋友中的其中一位
Tom puts a lot of sugar and cream in his coffee.	汤姆往咖啡里放很多糖和奶油
I'm not letting Tom do this by himself.	我不会让汤姆独自去做
They demanded the king be put to death at once.	他们要求马上把国王处死
He saluted the lady.	他向那位女士问好
He applied himself to the study of music.	他潜心研究音乐
It seems very interesting.	它似乎很有趣
Not everyone is honest.	不是每个人都是老实的
When did that happen?	这事是什么时候发生的
Elephants live in Asia and Africa.	大象生活在亚洲和非洲
I'm glad that they fixed the heating system, but now it's too hot.	我很高兴他们修复了暖气系统
I often hiccup.	我经常打嗝
Do you want rice?	你们要米饭吗
He made friends with her in America.	他与她在美国成为朋友
He died of lung cancer.	他死于肺癌
I do not allow sleeping in class.	我不允许有人在课上睡觉
I can't forget what happened that day.	我无法忘记那天发生了什么
All we need is water.	我们需要的只有水
She left her son alone in the car.	她把她儿子忘在车里
She likes Russian pop.	她喜欢听俄罗斯流行音乐
Move quietly.	轻轻地移动
I turned it off.	我把它关了
Would you like some more beef?	你想再来些牛肉吗
I'll see you later.	等会儿见
Can you see that small house?	你们能看到那个小房子吗
I have to go to work.	我得去工作了
We want to hear it.	我们想听听
I can't study with you watching me.	你盯著我看使我无法读书
I was waiting for something to happen.	我在等事情发生
It's wrong.	不对
The tablecloth is in the cabinet.	桌布在橱柜里
I think Tom is good.	我觉得
The castle is across the river.	城堡在河的对面
Get yourself something to eat from the fridge.	你去冰箱拿点东西吃吧
It's impolite to stare at people.	盯著人看是不礼貌的
That's not important, is it?	那不重要
I'm diabetic.	我有糖尿病
The secretary was dismissed.	秘书被炒了
Asia is roughly four times the size of Europe.	亚洲的大小约四倍于欧洲
He wants more.	他想要更多
I don't like learning irregular verbs.	我不喜欢学习不规则动词
We're heroes.	我们是英雄
Put the book back where it was.	把书放回它原来的地方
I never drink beer.	我从不喝啤酒
I know this hasn't been easy for you.	我知道这对于你不容易
I went to three funerals last month.	上个月我参加了三场葬礼
I live near here.	我住在这附近
She will come soon.	她很快就来了
I think Tom would be pleased.	我认为汤姆会高兴
Tom wants to go to Japan.	汤姆想去日本
It didn't cross my mind.	这不是我的想法
I've had a good sleep.	我睡得很好
Hands off.	别碰
I don't know when I need to be there.	我不知道什么时候要在那里
The sky is full of stars.	天空布满星辰
I will give you a bike for your birthday.	你生日的时候
What'll you be doing at this time tomorrow?	你明天这个时候会是在做什么
He is still very much alive.	他依旧充满活力
Between you and me, I don't like our new team captain.	我就只告诉你
I forgot to telephone him today.	我今天忘了打电话给他
Christmas is approaching.	圣诞节快到了
I threw a stone at the bird.	我扔了块石头打向鸟儿
I'll get in touch with you soon.	我会很快跟你联络
Are you at home?	你在家里吗
Beethoven went over to the piano, sat down and began to play.	贝多芬走向钢琴
On my way home, I met him.	我在回家的路上遇见了他
Tom managed to find a new job.	汤姆找到了新工作
It's almost six o'clock.	快要六点了
We are classmates.	我们是同学
No man can serve two masters.	没有人可以共侍二主
Do you like spinach?	你喜欢菠菜吗
She kept working.	她不停地工作
Your time is up.	你的时间到了
I'm hot.	我觉得很热
I'm almost 180 centimeters tall.	我差不多
Tom and Mary are very hungry.	汤姆和玛丽很饿
This is atrocious weather.	恶劣的天气
Ask her how much soup she wants.	问她要多少汤
I need your advice.	我需要你的意见
What is the matter with you?	你到底怎么回事啊
A burglar broke into my house while I was away on a trip.	一个入室盗窃者趁我去旅游的时候闯入了我家
He prays several times a day.	他每天祈祷好几次
Did you just get to know him?	你是不是刚认识他
His house is not far from here.	他家离这儿不远
I'm not the boss.	我不是老板
We'll fly there in 50 minutes.	50	分钟之内我们将飞到那里
This isn't my key.	这不是我的钥匙
I can feel it.	我感觉得到它
With your approval, I would like to offer him the job.	如果您同意
Tom works in Boston.	汤姆在波士顿工作
She likes oranges, doesn't she?	她喜欢柳橙
I wonder why karaoke is so popular.	我不知道为什么卡拉
He is studying in the library now.	他现在在图书馆读书
If you heat ice, it melts.	如果你加热冰它就会融化
I will sue you.	我要控告你
I'm going to see Tom in the morning.	我早上去见汤姆
Tom is a good golfer.	汤姆是个不错的高尔夫球手
I've already considered that possibility.	我已经考虑过那种可能性了
There's nothing I wouldn't do for Tom.	没有我不会给汤姆做的事
This song makes me homesick.	这首歌让我想家了
I don't think this is correct.	我觉得这不是真的
I've had enough.	我已经受够了
Look at me when I talk to you!	我跟你说话的时候看着我
A little bird told me.	我听传闻说的
My uncle gave me a gift.	我叔叔给了我一份礼物
He loves fishing.	他酷爱钓鱼
When will you leave?	你什么时候离开
I want some cake.	我想要点蛋糕
I'll bring one more towel.	我再拿块毛巾过来
The ship is not equipped with radar.	这艘船没有雷达装备
He bumped his head against a post.	他的头撞到了一根柱子
Tom and Mary discussed their future plans.	汤姆和玛丽讨论了他们未来的计划
Tom teaches French.	汤姆教法语
Tom told me he was coming back.	汤姆告诉我他正在回来
I wasn't very hungry, so I decided to eat later.	因为我不是很饿
She found her purse under the desk.	她在桌子底下找到了她的钱包
It took us a long time to decide what we really wanted to do.	我们花了很长时间决定我们真正想做的事
Don't make stupid jokes.	开什么国际玩笑
The fire reduced the house to ashes.	房子被大火烧成了灰烬
I want some money.	我想要点钱
He worked very hard.	他工作很努力
I need to study math.	我需要学习数学
The washing machine is a wonderful invention.	洗衣机是一个很棒的发明
I was a high school student at that time.	我当时是高中生
I'm so tired.	我好累啊
Tom became a doctor.	汤姆成了医生
She plays tennis every Sunday.	她每个星期天打网球
The red flag indicated the presence of danger.	红旗代表存在危险
Where did you have your picture taken?	你是从哪里照的相
This is a good place to pitch a tent.	这是搭帐篷的好地方
The Mona Lisa has an enigmatic smile.	蒙娜丽莎有着神秘的微笑
Tom ate a slice of pizza.	汤姆吃了一片比萨饼
Suddenly, it started to rain very hard.	突然就下起了大雨
Let bygones be bygones.	既往不咎
I feel like eating something sweet.	我想吃点甜的东西
I don't know when he'll come.	我不知道他什么时候来
He was suffering from a bad headache.	他正遭受严重头痛的困扰
Tom got rid of his old books.	汤姆扔掉了他的旧书
Do you have a fountain pen?	你有钢笔吗
My father does not eat much fruit.	我父亲没有吃很多的水果
Don't you have to work?	你不用工作吗
We can't force people to do that.	我们不能强迫人去做
I like shopping with Tom.	我喜欢跟汤姆购物
Tom wants to speak.	汤姆想说话
I was always good at English.	我的英文一直都不错
Do you want some rice?	你们要米饭吗
He is very afraid of his mother.	他非常怕他的母亲
I can play soccer.	我会踢足球
She passed away peacefully in her sleep.	她在睡眠中安详地去世了
Aren't you hot?	你不热吗
I'm not going to give up.	我不会放弃的
During the exam, Tom cheated off Mary.	在考试的时候
Where are you?	你在哪儿
Are you not feeling well?	你身体不舒服吗
It's a waste of time and money.	这是在浪费时间和金钱
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.	一个成长中的孩子如果没有充足的能量
Tom often takes pictures with his phone.	汤姆经常用手机拍照
We stayed there the whole night.	我们一整晚都待在那里
Let's not argue.	我们别吵了
Women are not permitted to drive cars in Saudi Arabia.	在沙特阿拉伯妇女不允许开车
None of us thought he was to blame for the accident.	我们都不认为他是事故的罪魁祸首
Our baseball team is very strong.	我们的棒球队很强
I think exams ruin education.	我认为考试破坏教育
He seldom comes to see me.	他很少来看我
He is wearing gloves.	他戴着手套
Leave me.	让我一个人呆会儿
What're you saying?	你在说什么
Most people brush their teeth at least two times a day.	多数人每天至少刷两次牙
I'll lend you the book as soon as I'm done reading it.	我一把这本书读完了就借给你
Tom has been under a great deal of strain lately.	汤姆最近压力特别大
I was really moved by this.	这件事真的感动到我了
She proceeded with the work.	她继续工作
The museum is open from Monday to Friday.	博物馆周一到周五开门
I'm back.	我回来了
My mother did nothing but weep.	我的母亲只是默默地哭泣
This work doesn't pay.	这个工作没有酬劳
I haven't seen him for a long time.	我很久没见过他了
That program is now being broadcast.	那个节目现在正在播出
You'd better do it soon.	你最好尽快去做
Tom prepared his speech very carefully.	汤姆很认真地准备他的演讲
I'll attend.	我会参加
Are they treated fairly?	他们受到公正对待了吗
Stand up.	起立
The movie theater was filled with people.	这家电影院挤满了人
We're throwing a party Friday evening at our place.	我们星期五傍晚在我们的地盘开派对
She is gracious to everyone.	她对谁都很和蔼可亲
She hasn't heard the news yet.	她还没听到这个消息
I'll meet to you at eight.	我八点会跟你见面
Tom doesn't want to let Mary go.	Tom	不想让
I was pretty hungry.	我真是饿了
He did it himself.	是他自己做的
No one knows.	没有人知道
The road is too narrow for cars.	这条路太窄汽车无法通行
She must have done it yesterday.	她昨天一定已经做过了
Tom is a native French speaker.	汤姆是法语母语者
If you would move over, there would be room for everyone.	如果您移过去一点
I don't have an excuse.	我没有任何借口
You're so bad.	你真坏
Tom hid his money under his mattress.	汤姆把钱藏在床垫底下
Where do you study?	你在哪里读书
You may park here.	这里可以停车
It was really cheap.	它真的很便宜
At first, I had no idea why.	起初我不知道为什么
She is a quiet woman.	她是一个安静的女人
How late did you stay at the party last night?	昨晚的派对你待到多晚
Do you have a smartphone?	你有手机吗
A little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast.	散散步将会给你很好的食欲吃早餐
We don't have another choice.	我们没有别的选择
He turned down my offer.	他拒绝了我的提议
Tom isn't a bad coach.	汤姆不是坏教练
How about another piece of cake?	你要再来一块蛋糕吗
Walk faster, or you'll miss the train.	走快一点
Let's go to the club.	让我们去俱乐部吧
How much money do you need?	你要多少钱
Don't put it on my desk.	不要把它放在我的桌子上
Was I wrong?	我错了吗
UN stands for the United Nations.	UN	代表联合国
She patted her son on the shoulder.	她拍拍她儿子的肩膀
Can you stay for a while?	你能待一会吗
It's all your fault.	都是你的错
Keep smiling.	保持微笑
I don't expect anything from you.	我不指望从你身上得到什么
Nobody forced you to help me.	没有人强迫你帮我
I was afraid that I'd be late.	我怕我会迟到
You have to study hard to catch up with your class.	你必须用功读书赶上同学
The airplane made a safe landing.	这架飞机安全著陆了
I've been going out with her for months.	我和她交往几个月了
She was susceptible to colds.	她易患感冒
You come back soon, OK?	你早点回来
Do you go to church on Christmas Day?	你在圣诞节去教堂吗
The cost of living has gone up.	生活费升高了
The sun doesn't shine at night.	太阳在晚上不亮
Was Tom with you?	汤姆和你在一起吗
All of us went to the theater to see a play.	我们所有的人都去剧院看戏
It's obvious.	很明显
How do you make your money?	你怎么赚钱
I thought that you were listening.	我以为你在听
He painted all the walls green.	他把所有的墙壁漆成了绿色
How many friends do you have?	你有多少朋友
There's something weird happening.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
It's time to take a bath.	是时候洗个澡了
We are both in the same class.	我们两个同班
I don't want it anymore.	我再也不想要了
She fumbled with a piece of paper.	她摸索著一张纸
Was Tom watching TV last night?	汤姆昨天晚上在看电视吗
Can you give me a discount?	能不能给我打折
The ceremony began with his speech.	仪式以他的讲话开始
Tom was the first to arrive and the last to leave.	汤姆最先来
I asked Tom to open the window.	我请汤姆把窗户打开
Visiting a foreign country must be expensive.	到外国一定很贵
Car accidents are the leading cause of death for teenagers in the United States.	交通事故是美国青少年死亡的主要原因
Paris is one of the largest cities in the world.	巴黎是世界上最大的城市之一
Do you know how to play the organ?	你能演奏管风琴吗
What are you staring at?	你在看什么
The strike affected the nation's economy.	罢工影响了国家经济
People rely too much on phones these days.	现代人太仰赖手机
You should run for city council.	你应该去竞选城市委员会
The investigation is under way.	相关调查正在进行中
Tom probably wouldn't do something that stupid.	汤姆应该不会做那么蠢的事
Thanks for stopping by.	感谢您的光临
Leave this to me.	把这个留给我吧
You know too much.	你知道得太多了
The boy jumped into the water.	这个男孩跳入了水中
I'm sorry I didn't make myself clear.	对不起
The girls were asleep.	女孩们睡着了
I aimed my gun at the target.	我把我的手枪指向了目标
I know you're going to say no.	我知道你要说不
She was crying as she answered.	她边哭边回答
Destroy this temple.	摧毁这个寺庙
Have a good flight.	飞行愉快
She doesn't have a driver's license.	她没有驾照
Artificial leather can't compare with the real thing.	人造皮革是比不上真皮的
He does not come here every day.	他不是每天都来这
I was lying earlier.	我之前在撒谎
A truck ran over our dog.	一辆卡车辗过一只狗
She drew a circle on a piece of paper with a pencil.	她用铅笔在纸上画了一个圈
I called him up yesterday.	我昨天打电话给他
What are you reading right now?	你在看什么
Can you translate this song for me?	你能为我翻译这首歌吗
He didn't hear his name called.	他没听见有人叫他的名字
I can't leave.	我走不了
Could you turn it down?	你可以转小声一点吗
Is there a discount if you pay in cash?	用现金付的话会有折扣吗
What book are you reading?	你在读哪本书
I stayed home all day long reading novels.	我全天在家读小说
It's your decision.	这是你的选择
Tom needs to stay behind.	汤姆必须留下
Give me an orange.	给我一个橙子
He is eager to go there.	他渴望去那里
Are you feeling better now?	你觉得好些了吗
You don't need to do that at once.	你没必要马上去做
Don't forget to lock up when you leave.	当你出门时
Tom's parents weren't particularly pleased.	汤姆的父母不是特别高兴
How much is this handkerchief?	请问这个手帕多少钱
Are you sure you and Tom have enough water?	你确定你和汤姆有足够的水吗
I think that I'm intelligent.	我觉得我很聪明
I gave my brother a dictionary.	我给了我弟弟一本字典
The door of the office is yellow.	办公室的门是黄色的
It makes no sense at all.	这没有任何意义
There are over 800,000 Basque speakers in the world.	世界上有超过八十万的巴斯克语使用者
Tom was killed in an accident.	汤姆在一场意外中丧生
I was asked to show my passport at the border.	在边境上
Do you like apples?	你喜欢苹果吗
Please fill the teapot with boiling water.	请用开水把茶壶灌满
My house is close to the school.	我的家离学校很近
Don't let anyone enter the room.	不要让任何人进入这个房间
Once again.	再一次
The bus was filled to capacity.	这辆公车客满了
I wouldn't sell that at any price.	任何价格我都不会卖
I asked him to open the window.	我请他把窗户打开
Tom says he feels a little better.	汤姆说他感觉好点了
This is where Tom usually parks his car.	汤姆通常把他的车停在这里
He is unsatisfied with the result.	他对结果不满意
The road is under construction.	路正在建
Two glasses of apple juice, please.	请给我两杯苹果汁
Tom seems a little confused.	汤姆看来有点困惑
My fountain pen is new.	我的钢笔是新的
Do you like pirate movies?	你喜欢盗版电影吗
I'm thirty years old.	我三十岁
My premonition turned out to be right.	我的预感被证明是正确的
The roses in the garden are blooming.	在花园里的玫瑰正盛开著
We often play cards on Sunday.	我们常常在周日打牌
Over-sleeping is no excuse for being late.	睡过头不是迟到的理由
She made a good speech.	她做了场好讲演
They all envied my new car.	他们都羡慕我的新车
Please take your hat off.	请您摘下您的帽子
Do you like black cats?	你喜欢黑色的猫吗
How high can you jump?	您能跳多高
It's cold there even in the summer.	那里连夏天也冷
My mother made me a sweater.	我妈妈为我做了一件毛衣
Which way is the beach?	去海滩走哪条路
Tom is still in Boston.	汤姆还在波士顿
Where can I find toothpaste?	在哪儿我能找到牙膏
There's no way to know.	没有办法知道
He always left the problem of his children's education to his wife.	他总是把孩子的教育问题留给他的妻子
What subject do you think he is interested in?	你觉得他会对什么主题感兴趣
We'd better sit down here.	我们还是在这里坐下吧
They may have missed the train.	他们可能错过了火车
After he had graduated from the university, he taught English for two years.	从他大学毕业以后
I thought that was a great story.	我觉得那是个很棒的故事
I disagree with you.	我不同意你的看法
That's weird, isn't it?	那真奇怪
How much money does he make a month?	他每个月挣多少
He took over his father's business.	他继承了他父亲的事业
There are a lot of fish in this lake.	这湖里有许多鱼
Everyone is here except for him.	除了他每个人都在这里
They rescued the boy from drowning.	他们救了这个落水的男孩
The fire was out.	火熄灭了
I borrowed this comic from his sister.	我向他的妹妹借了这个漫画
Let me give you an example.	让我来给你举个例子吧
Everybody laughs.	每个人都在笑
I can't eat this much food.	我不能吃这么多食物
I was surprised at his strong resemblance to his father.	他像极了他父亲
Ignore Tom.	别理汤姆
Tom doesn't know the difference between Iraq and Iran.	汤姆不知道伊拉克和伊朗有什么区别
He'll never beat me.	他永远不会打败我的
I heard her singing a song.	我听到她唱歌
I'll miss you so much.	我会非常想念你
You should've come yesterday.	你昨天应该来的
He has the habit of spitting on the ground.	他有个随地吐痰的习惯
I hear my uncle died of cancer.	我听到我叔叔死于癌症的消息
Do you deny that you went there?	你否认你去了那里吗
My dog often lies on the grass.	我家的狗经常躺在草地上
The young girl burst into tears.	这个年轻的女孩泪流满面
America was discovered by Columbus in 1492.	美国在
He stuck to his promise.	他信守了承诺
He is a mathematical genius.	他是一个数学天才
The weather is unusually cold.	天气异常寒冷
I don't think that it's a good idea.	我觉得这主意不行
Tom has known Mary since childhood.	汤姆从小就认识玛丽了
I have to ask you something.	我得问你点事
I'd like to find a way to improve my memory.	我想找一种提升记忆力的方法
Do you weigh more than Tom?	你有比汤姆重吗
I'm sure that she will come back soon.	我肯定她很快就会回来的
She looks unhappy.	她看起来不幸福
Tom should have plenty of time.	汤姆应该有很多时间
He called me a cab.	他替我叫了一部计程车
My father got home late last night.	我父亲昨晚很晚才回家
I'll leave this work to you.	我会把这个工作留给你
I like singing with Tom.	我喜欢跟汤姆唱歌
Don't forget to take out the garbage.	别忘了把垃圾拿出去
I can stay up as late as I want.	我熬夜熬多久都行
Looking down, we saw a concrete jungle.	我们往下看
I found it easy to speak English.	我发觉说英语很简单
She is giving the baby a bath.	她正在给婴儿洗澡
We don't want any freeloaders around here.	我们不希望有人在这里吃霸王餐
I saw many birds yesterday morning.	我昨天早上看到了很多鸟
You can sit anywhere you want.	你可以坐你想坐的任何地方
Which is your luggage?	哪个是你的行李
How is the weather there?	那里的气候怎么样
I don't like summer.	我不喜欢夏天
He's busy with his homework now.	他正忙着做作业
My mother made me a white dress.	我妈妈为我做了一件白色的洋装
The election was unanimous.	选举一致通过了
You'll get used to it.	你会习惯的
He has a remarkable aptitude for music.	他有非凡的音乐天份
What's the name of that bird?	那只鸟叫什么名字
He found the box under the table.	他在桌子底下发现了这个盒子
His room was covered with dust.	他的房间布满了灰尘
This is the girl that came yesterday.	这是昨天来的那个女孩
I wonder if you are as busy as we are.	我担心你会跟我们一样忙
Did Tom give any other suggestions?	汤姆提出其他建议了吗
The plane is about to land.	飞机就要降落了
There is only one book on the desk.	桌子上只有一本书
What is this?	这是什么啊
She calmed down.	她冷静下来
I found that restaurant by accident.	我偶然发现了那家餐馆
They got to the hotel after dark.	天暗后他们到了酒店
Clean the room.	打扫房间
I asked twenty friends to the party.	我请了二十位朋友参加派对
A brilliant future lay before him.	大好的前途摆在他面前
This mountain is covered in snow all year round.	这座山全年覆盖着雪
I really like what I do.	我真喜欢我做的事
Is there anything I must do?	有什么事是我该做的吗
I think someone's knocking on the door.	我想有人在敲门
We're finding it difficult deciding on which one to buy.	我们觉得很难决定买哪一个
Tom says that he's willing to help.	汤姆说他愿意帮忙
How much sugar should I put in your coffee?	我应该往你的咖啡里放多少糖呢
The bell rings at eight.	铃声在八点钟响起
He made the most of his opportunity.	他尽力地利用了这个机会
I don't like to socialize.	我不喜欢跟人打交道
I think that fact is very important.	我认为这个事实很重要
I can't understand what happened.	我不懂发生了什么
His childlike laugh is charming.	他孩子般的笑很迷人
I want a cellular phone, but I don't have enough money to pay for one.	我想要一支手机
Stop staring.	别再盯着了
My uncle never writes letters.	我的叔叔从来不写信
Tom is afraid that someone will see him.	汤姆怕有人看到他
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom is overweight.	觉得汤姆肥的人不止我一个
I visited him a week ago today.	我在一周前的今天拜访了他
Are they all like this?	他们都像这一样吗
She abandoned her children.	她抛弃了她的孩子
Her look says that she loves you.	她的样子在说她爱你
I'm as hungry as a horse.	我饿得跟饿虎扑羊似的
I hope to see Tom soon.	我希望能早点看到汤姆
Keep it secret, please.	请保密
At lunchtime today, our usual restaurant was closed because of a funeral in the family.	今天午餐时间
Tom wanted to stay home and relax instead of hiking with his children.	汤姆想待在家休息而不是和他的孩子们出去远足
I can't fall asleep.	我睡不着觉
Tom made his servants eat in the dark.	汤姆让他的仆人们在黑暗下进餐
Tom should wait until Monday.	汤姆应该等到星期一
Nothing special happened.	没发生什么特别的事
Tom thanked everyone for waiting.	汤姆感谢每个人的等待
Nothing much has changed.	没有多少改变
Let's discuss the problem with them.	让我们和他们讨论这个问题吧
Who were they talking about?	他们在讨论谁
That's my dad.	那个是我爸爸
I can see the light.	我能看到光线
When did your friend leave for America?	你朋友是什么时候出发去美国的
I always eat out.	我总是在外面吃饭
She was accused of telling a lie.	她被指责说了谎
It's easy for monkeys to climb trees.	猴子爬树容易
She put clean sheets on the bed.	她把干净的床单铺在床上
I asked him what his name was.	我问了他叫什么名字
He occasionally visited me.	他偶尔会来拜访我
You should have shown him the device.	你应该给他看看这装置
My blood pressure is 155 over 105.	我的血压为
Did Tom tell you why he wasn't at school yesterday?	汤姆昨天告诉你他为什么不去学校了吗
She was sick in bed yesterday.	她昨天卧病在床
Under no circumstances must you leave the room.	在任何情况下你都不能离开这个房间
He's rich, but he's not happy.	虽然他很有钱
She employed a private detective to keep a watch on her husband.	她雇了一个私人侦探看守她的丈夫
My head is exploding.	我的头要炸了
Parents teach their children that it's wrong to lie.	父母教育他们的孩子说谎是不好的
Why don't we go home?	我们何不回家呢
You should have known better than to lend him money.	早知如此
He visited many countries in Asia.	他访问过许多亚洲国家
I didn't know you were going to be here.	我不知道你要来这里
I really need to read all this.	我真的需要把这都读了
She gave us a present.	她给了我们一个礼物
She has gone shopping.	她去购物了
I see you found your bag.	我见你找到了你的包
You'd be surprised what you can learn in a week.	你会很惊讶你在一周内能学到的东西
They work together.	他们在一起工作
The car was going forward.	车往前走
The summer is over.	夏天过去了
You talk as if you knew everything.	你说得你好像什么都知道似的
This is a science fiction book.	这是一部科学幻想小说
He has been sick since last Sunday.	他从上周日开始就生病了
Come with us.	和我们一起来吧
I don't speak Japanese.	我不说日语
I think that it's OK.	我想没关系
I thought Tom would sleep until noon.	我认为汤姆会睡到中午
It's very cold.	非常冷
I will not see him any more.	我不会再见他了
This is my favorite project.	这是我最喜欢的项目
She went down to the fifth floor.	她下五楼去了
People like you shouldn't be here.	你这样的人不该在这里
Are you interested in music?	你对音乐感不感兴趣
You need to get ready.	你需要做好准备
Who can say what will happen in the future?	谁能说将来会发生什么呢
They arrived in Osaka at the beginning of May.	他们五月初到了大阪
I'll come and pick you up at three.	我三点钟来接你
He shaved his mustache off.	他刮了他的胡子
Only one little boy survived the traffic accident.	这次交通事故中只有一个小男孩幸存了下来
I'm sorry that I'm late.	对不起
I'd like to hear you play the piano.	我想听你弹钢琴
He answered my question with a "no."	他用一个
See you about 7.	我们
Tom refused to help Mary do her homework.	汤姆拒绝帮玛丽做她的作业
Tom slipped out of the classroom.	汤姆溜出了教室
I thought you were my friend.	我以为你是我的朋友
He stepped on my foot on purpose.	他故意踩我的脚
What on earth are you doing here?	你到底在这里干什么
They didn't come here, did they?	他们没来这里
How about some more roast beef?	再多一些烤牛肉怎么样
He's at her side.	他在她的旁边
I can't change what happened yesterday.	我没法改变昨天发生的事情
He patted me on the shoulder.	他拍拍我的肩膀
Is it OK if I hold your hand?	我可以牵着你的手吗
A famous architect built this house.	一个有名的建筑师造了这栋房子
I introduced Mary to my parents.	我把玛丽介绍给我的父母了
How tall is your brother?	你的兄弟多高
I met a friend of Mary's.	我遇到了玛丽的一位朋友
She slapped his face.	她掴了他的脸
I'm not about to ask him.	我不想要问他
I know that you're right.	我知道你是对的
I'll write or phone you next week.	下周我会给你写信或打电话的
Your bag's open.	你的包开着
Summer is coming.	夏天来了
I take the train to work every day.	我每天搭火车上班
She went shopping with her mother.	她和她母亲去购物
Everybody thinks so.	大家都是这样想的
This store has a variety of spices.	这家商店有各种香料
It was raining when we left, but by the time we arrived, it was sunny.	我们走的时候下着雨
I'm to blame for it.	这是我的错
Tom is busy now and can't talk with you.	汤姆现在忙
The cat prefers fish to meat.	猫喜欢鱼多过肉
Here's something very important.	这里有些非常重要的东西
If you bite me, I'll bite back.	如果你咬我
All those things are true.	那些事都是真的
She used to live with him.	她以前和他住一起
He abused our trust.	他背叛了我们的信赖
It is raining hard.	雨下得很大
You must not yield to temptation.	你不应该屈服在诱惑之下
Which do you like better, dogs or cats?	狗和猫你更喜欢哪一个
It doesn't mean anything.	这什么都说明不了
Why did you use up all the money?	为什么你花了所有钱
He doesn't eat raw fish.	他不吃生鱼
This is a dangerous mission.	这是个危险的任务
Could I borrow your eyeliner?	我可以借用您的眼线笔吗
There is a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.	在玛丽的桌上有张汤姆的照片
He painted a picture of a dog.	他画了一幅狗的画
You only have two options.	你只有两个选项
How was the fishing?	钓鱼怎么样
I'll be right there.	我马上过去
How important can it be?	它能有多重要
What's your favorite movie?	你最喜欢的电影是哪部
That boy is running.	这个男孩子在跑步
My dad died before I was born.	我出生前
When he finished speaking, everyone was silent.	他发言完后
I'm a little taller than you.	我比你高一点
I don't like wearing socks.	我不喜欢穿袜子
Can I have the menu again, please?	麻烦让我再看看菜单好吗
I think I can.	我想我可以
What did you want to tell me?	你想跟我说什么
If we don't hurry, we'll be late.	再不快点就迟到了噢
He hid in the bushes so that they would not see him.	他藏身在灌木中以免他们发现
I'll come back.	我要回来了
Tom isn't accustomed to walking barefooted.	汤姆不习惯赤脚漫步
I asked the doctor some questions.	我问了医生一些问题
The trees are beginning to bud.	树木开始抽芽
Tom decided to become a monk.	汤姆
He's watching the Olympics.	他在看奥运会
Speech is silver, silence is golden.	开口是银
There is no admission fee for children under five.	五岁以下的小孩票价全免
Tom went home alone.	汤姆一个人回家了
Can you come on Sunday evening?	你周日晚上能来吗
I have a laptop.	我有一台笔记本电脑
He has more books than I do.	他拥有的书比我的多
How would you like your steak?	您的牛排要几分熟
I plan to spend the New Year's holiday in Australia.	我打算在澳大利亚过新年
What are you laughing at?	你在笑什么呢
It was foolish of you to accept his offer.	你真笨去接受他的提议
How long does it take?	要花多久时间
Yesterday he came back late.	昨天他回来晚了
I had never seen a windmill until I visited the Netherlands.	在我去荷兰之前
Can you wake me up at 7:00 tomorrow?	你明天早上七点可不可以叫我起床
No one is listening to Tom.	没人听汤姆说话
Tom didn't understand what Mary really meant.	汤姆不知道玛丽真实的意思
Everyone knows that.	那件事谁都知道
The opening ceremony took place yesterday.	昨天举办了开幕式
You have beautiful legs.	你有着漂亮的腿
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.	我想你要拿到驾照根本不难
I felt an impulse to cry out loud.	我突然好想大叫
We bought a round table.	我们买了张圆桌
It's good to see you.	见到你真好
I know whose car this is.	我知道这是谁的车
Mary is very cute, isn't she?	马力很可爱
Tom bought a car.	汤姆买了辆车
Give my love to your kids.	替我向你的孩子们问好
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the train.	如果你不抓紧的话
She's not a full-time employee of this company.	她不是这间公司正式的职员
Let's begin.	让我们开始吧
The storm caused a lot of damage.	暴风雨造成了很大的损害
I'm afraid of earthquakes.	我怕地震
The explosion may have been caused by a gas leak.	这场爆炸有可能是瓦斯外泄引起的
Tom's good, but not good enough.	汤姆好
I'd like to reserve a single room.	我想预订一间单人房
I hope you have sweet dreams.	祝你好梦
I don't want to have this fight.	我不想打这架
She married again in her mid-forties.	她在四十多岁的时候再次结婚
This won't help you.	这帮不了你
She has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants.	她真的有本事让别人做她想做的事
She greeted me with a big smile.	她面带大大的笑容向我招呼
He lied to my face.	他在我面前撒谎
Tom took the hammer away from Mary.	汤姆从玛丽那里拿走了锤子
Grammar is a very complex thing.	语法是很复杂的
Tom jumped up from his chair.	汤姆从椅子上跳了起来
It won't take long to finish the job.	完成这个工作不会花太长时间
If he knew her phone number, he could call her.	如果他知道她的电话
This is a terrible mistake.	这是一个可怕的错误
I'm not that easily intimidated.	我不是轻易吓得住的
Here is a letter for you.	这是你的信
My house is big.	我家很大
I like to eat apples.	我喜欢吃苹果
Collect your thoughts before you begin your work.	工作之前先收好思绪
That's what I like.	我就喜欢它
Tom went into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee.	汤姆进了厨房
How do you like your eggs done?	您要什么样的蛋
That's a good idea.	那是一个好主意
"He'd like to have a coffee after work." "I would too."	"	他想在下班后喝杯咖啡
A wise man would not say such a thing.	一个聪明人不会说这种话
He froze with fear when he saw the snake.	他看见蛇就吓得不动了
She squeezed the juice from many oranges.	她榨了许多柳橙汁
I like walking alone.	我喜欢独自行走
I need another pillow.	我还需要一个枕头
Do you know this song?	你知道这首歌吗
He has a car.	他有辆车
When she was three years old, her father died.	她父亲在她三岁时死了
No one lived on the island at that time.	那个时候
Tom knew what Mary had done.	汤姆知道玛丽做了甚么
It's your book.	它是你的书
Everyone wants what they can't have.	每个人都想要得到无法拥有的东西
You should speak with Tom.	你应该和
Let me buy you another one.	我给你再买一个吧
Where are we eating breakfast?	我们在哪里吃早餐
I will wait until she comes.	我会等到她来
What were you doing in the attic?	你在阁楼上做了什么
They kept on walking.	他们继续走
I don't think Tom understands that.	我不认为汤姆明白
Are there any apples in the box?	箱子里有苹果吗
The policeman was drunk.	警察醉了
He took me to the station.	他带我到车站
She studied English in the morning.	她上午学习英语
That accident was due to his carelessness.	那事故是他的粗心导致的
Sorry, but I can't hear you very well.	对不起
I played tennis for the first time yesterday.	昨天我第一次打了网球
The law should not be violated.	法律不应受到侵犯
Would you like to have some coffee?	你要喝点咖啡吗
The case is closed.	结案了
Have a nice day.	祝你一天过得愉快
I need a cab.	我需要一辆出租车
I'm hers and she's mine.	我是她的
I'm afraid I differ with you on this point.	恐怕就这点上
He has been to Europe many times.	他去过欧洲很多次了
You should see a doctor.	你应该去看医生
Let's take the 4:10 train.	我们去坐四点十分的火车吧
I grew up in this small town.	我在这个小镇上长大的
I'd gladly pay more for something if it's of high quality.	如果它是高品质的东西我会很乐意多付一点钱
I lost my umbrella.	我丢了我的伞
This morning, I saw an angel.	我今晨看见一位天使
You are taller than she is.	你比她要高
He used to be a nice boy.	他以前是个好男孩
I might not see Tom today.	我今天可能见不到汤姆了
Vegetables are getting more expensive.	蔬菜越来越贵了
I'd like to be a guitarist.	我想要成为吉他手
He built a new house for himself.	他给自己盖了一栋新房子
I had no time to eat.	我没有吃饭的时间
I am accustomed to working hard.	我习惯辛勤努力地工作
You shouldn't go out.	你不应该出去
How many pens do you have?	你有多少支铅笔
Tom lost his balance and fell.	Tom	失去平衡并跌到了
Last night I had a weird dream.	我昨晚做了一个奇怪的梦
Both of you are wrong.	你们俩都错了
She was envious of her cousin's success.	她羡慕她表哥的成功
I'm sure they'll win.	我确定他们会赢
Give me a ring tomorrow.	明天打电话给我
It's almost Christmas.	圣诞节快到了
He applied for the scholarship.	他申请了奖学金
Tom wants popcorn.	汤姆要爆米花
Why did you show me this?	你为什么让我看这个
I study for 3 hours every day.	我每天读书三个小时
Our cow doesn't give us any milk.	我们的乳牛没有给我们任何牛奶
I hope everything will be fine in the end.	我希望最后一切都好
It doesn't matter which team wins the game.	哪个队赢得比赛并不重要
That was Tom's choice.	那是汤姆的选择
I need advice.	我需要些建议
I gave Mary a book.	我给了玛丽一本书
I'm going to go sit down.	我要坐下
How's the weather there?	那里的气候怎么样
Are you working?	你在上班吗
There are many beautiful parks in London.	伦敦有很多漂亮的公园
What's the width of this road?	这条路的宽度是多少
They're eating their apples.	他们在吃他们的苹果
Nobody encouraged her.	没有人鼓励她
Be careful not to catch a cold.	小心不要感冒了
I'd like to get married to someone like you.	我想跟你这样的人结婚
I can't imagine life without you.	我无法想像没有你的生活
There are four people in my family.	我家有四个人
You are the only one who can protect them.	只有你能保护他们
She's nice to me.	她对我很和善
How do you get your children to eat vegetables?	你怎样让你的孩子们吃蔬菜
I think it will be hot today.	我觉得今天会很热
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.	获人赠马
When did she break the window?	她什么时候打破了窗户
She waved her hand until the train was out of sight.	她挥着她的手
He got hurt in the game yesterday.	他昨天在这场比赛中受了伤
Can you prove it?	你能证明吗
Let's proceed with the items on the agenda.	让我们继续进行议程上的项目
When did you buy it?	你是甚么时候买的
Can you play the organ?	你能演奏管风琴吗
The days are getting longer and longer.	白天变得越来越长
Please take off your hat.	请您摘下您的帽子
I need to charge my cell phone.	我需要给手机充电
How do I get to Chinatown?	我该怎么去唐人街
Here's where they usually have dinner.	这儿是他们通常吃晚饭的地方
Would three o'clock be all right?	三点钟可以吗
We know that.	我们知道
He asked her seven times to marry him.	他求她跟他结婚求了七次
We enjoyed swimming in the lake.	我们尽情在湖里游泳
It's not easy to distinguish good from evil.	区分善恶不容易
What are you writing?	你在写什么
I couldn't understand him at first.	起初我听不懂他说的话
Tom started singing.	汤姆开始唱歌
It's brand new.	这是全新的
I waited an hour for my friend.	我等我的一个朋友等了一小时
What's my room number?	我的房间号是多少
The cat is looking at the fish.	猫看着鱼
A lot of houses were washed away by the flood.	许多房屋被洪水冲走了
He likes watching baseball games on TV.	他喜欢看电视上的棒球比赛
Bring me a sheet of paper, please.	请带一张纸给我
Do you know what color she likes?	你知道她喜欢什么颜色吗
We know him.	我们认识他
He called me up almost every day.	他几乎每天打电话给我
Don't forget the ticket.	不要忘了票
He struck a match.	他划了一根火柴
I like to walk in the country.	我喜欢在乡间散步
I don't want to be involved in that matter.	我不想被牵扯到这件事里
People, old and young, all came out to greet the guests.	无论老幼
We're having an office party tomorrow.	我们明天有个办公室派对
I can start anytime.	我随时可以开始
I can eat anything.	我甚么都能吃
He practiced every day at home.	他每天在家练习
Bring Tom here.	把汤姆带到这里来
Don't shout at me.	别对著我吼
Will you be there?	你会在那里吗
Tom remained a bachelor until his death.	汤姆终身未娶
The train was so crowded that I had to keep standing all the way.	这班火车如此的拥挤以至于我整个车程都必须站著
Everybody knows that he is honest.	大家都知道他是诚实的
Tom hugged Mary.	汤姆拥抱了玛丽
She intended to become an actress.	她打算成为一名演员
You are blushing.	你脸红了
All my homework is done.	我做完了所有的回家作业
If he is innocent, it follows that his wife is guilty.	如果他是清白的
We were able to catch the last train.	我们能赶上最后一班火车
It isn't necessary to answer that letter.	没有必要回那封信
Suit yourself.	你随意
What are they saying?	他们在说什么
Nobody can stop me!	没人能阻止我
We make milk into cheese and butter.	我们把牛奶制成乳酪和奶油
I feel like taking a walk now.	我现在想要散步
Why did you come here so early?	你为什么这么早来这里
You need to get your eyes checked.	你得检查一下眼睛
The mother missed her daughter who was away at college.	妈妈想念她在读大学的女儿
I am not afraid of dying.	我不怕死
I hid in the tall grass.	我躲在高草丛里了
I can't do any better.	我做得好到不能再好了
I'm on my way back to Boston.	我在回波士顿
My father made me what I am.	我父亲让我知道了我自己是谁
My job is to wash dishes.	我的工作是洗盘子
I have known her for two years.	我认识她两年了
The poor young man finally became a great artist.	这个可怜的年轻人最后成为了一个了不起的艺术家
This doll is a gift from my aunt.	这个洋娃娃是婶婶给我的礼物
Do you need an ambulance?	你需要救护车吗
They were rescued by helicopter.	他们被直升机解救
I have no idea why she got so angry.	我不知道她为什么如此生气
That was fast.	太快了
Which book is yours?	哪本是你的书
He held a package under his arm.	他挟著一个包裹
Do you have something to say?	你有什么事要说吗
It's a piece of cake.	小菜一碟
This is gibberish.	这是胡说
He is lacking in experience.	他缺乏经验
Keep it at a lower temperature.	保持在较低的温度
Tom didn't notice the surveillance camera.	汤姆没有注意到监控摄像头
This medicine will help you.	这个药会帮助你
I asked him to mend my shoes.	我请他修理我的鞋子
There are no problems.	没有问题
Let's meet here again tomorrow.	让我们明天再在这里见面吧
Are you sure you don't want to sleep on it?	你确定你不想睡在它上面吗
This work doesn't pay.	这份工作不付钱的
She hates green peppers.	她讨厌青椒
He was present at the meeting.	他出席了会议
Give Tom any help you can.	给予汤姆一些你力所能及的帮助
Don't rush into marriage.	不要急著结婚
It was overcast yesterday.	昨天是多云
I always rest for an hour after dinner.	晚饭后
He is just pulling your leg.	他只是跟你开玩笑
I passed the city hall on my way to the station.	我去车站的路上路过了市政厅
I asked him to go there tomorrow.	我要求他明天去那里
Do you know anything about Tom's parents?	你知道任何关于汤姆父母的事吗
We live on the third floor.	我们住在三楼
I don't want to play anymore.	我不想再玩了
Remember to buy mayonnaise.	记得买蛋黄酱
Tom turned on the electric fan.	汤姆打开了电风扇
Let me think about it.	让我想一想
It's not something anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
What's the answer to my question?	我问题的回答是什么
She is busy at present and can't speak to you.	她现在忙
May I say something?	我可以说些什么吗
It's boring to stay at home.	呆在家里很无聊
If you want to know, just ask.	如果您想知道
My father died of lung cancer.	我的父亲死于肺癌
Hi.	你好
Please remember what he said.	请记住他说的话
Are you Japanese?	你是日本人吗
I've always wanted to do that.	我一直都想去做
I hope you have a good trip.	祝您一路顺风
Tom could have dealt with the problem in a better way.	汤姆本可以用更好的方式处理问题
Will he come tomorrow?	他明天会来吗
Leave the room immediately.	马上离开房间
Can we roller-skate in this park?	我们可以在这个公园里玩四轮溜冰吗
You're stupid.	你二了
I need to charge my mobile phone.	我需要给手机充电
Pass me the salt, please.	请把盐递给我
Coffee, please.	我要咖啡
These scissors are suitable for left and right-handed people.	这把剪刀左右撇子都适用
It's really dark here. I can't see anything.	这里真的很暗
He makes a living as a writer.	他靠写作谋生
He tried to make his wife happy, but in vain.	他试著想让他妻子开心
You can ask the child that is playing over there.	你可以问问在那里玩的孩子
I'm almost finished.	我差不多完成了
The short answer is yes.	短回答是是
Yesterday I spent the whole day working.	昨天我一整天都在工作
Tom told me that I should do that.	汤姆告诉我我应该去做
I got a good grade in English.	我的英文得到了好成绩
Tom said Mary is shy.	汤姆说玛丽害羞
He came.	他来了
Where were you last night?	昨天晚上你在哪里
I'm staying at the Hilton Hotel.	我留在希尔顿宾馆
What a pity!	可惜
The lion is the king of beasts.	狮子是万兽之王
Maternal love is greater than anything else.	母爱比任何别的东西都伟大
He is a teacher at our school.	他是我们学校的老师
I can hardly understand what he says.	我几乎无法了解他说的话
When the phone rang, he ran to answer it.	电话响起时
Tell me about some of the places you've visited.	给我说说你去过的一些地方
I really enjoyed your company.	我真的很喜欢你的陪伴
I don't know where Tom's socks are.	我不知道汤姆的袜子在哪里
He is known as a great poet.	他以一个伟大的诗人闻名
The patient is in a deep coma.	患者现在处于深度昏迷状态
You're so right.	你真是太对了
Are you planning to take part in the meeting?	你们准备参加会议吗
She'll be getting married next year.	她明年将要结婚
Somebody stole my wallet.	我的钱包被抢了
He came back not because he was homesick, but because he was running short of money.	他不是因为想家
I will make it clear that I won't come again.	我要明确表示我不会再来了
I think we've found what we were looking for.	我认为我们找到要找的东西了
I've been really busy lately.	我最近忙得很
I'm tired of living this kind of life.	我厌倦了这种生活
Where's the boss?	老板在哪里
You can't fire us.	你们不能解雇我们
I don't have time to play games with you.	我没时间跟你玩游戏
He drives his own car.	他开他自己的车
Look at what's happening outside.	看外面正在发生什么
You'll understand later.	你晚一会就能明白
He's an author.	他是作家
What should I buy?	我要买什么
You'd better take an umbrella with you today.	你今天最好随身带把伞
He dropped in at the bookstore.	他顺道去了这家书店
Tom's bleeding.	汤姆在流血
I feel sad every now and then.	我不时地觉得难过
Can you teach me to play chess?	您能教我下国际象棋吗
Tom died three months ago.	汤姆三个月前死了
Every one of his songs was a hit.	他的每首歌都长期备受欢迎
I follow the rules.	我遵守规矩
He told me when to say yes.	他告诉我什么时候该说是
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way.	这班火车如此的拥挤以至于我整个车程都必须站著
I'll boil the potatoes for you.	我为你煮马铃薯
The matter is all settled.	这个问题已经完全解决了
I am positive that he has finished.	我确信他已经完成了
He set fire to the school building.	他放火烧了校舍
I envied his new house.	我羡慕他的新房子
He held a package under his arm.	他把一个包裹挟在腋下
We've got plenty of time.	我们有充足的时间
We have no chance against those top players.	我们没机会赢那些一流选手
She was very proud of her father.	她为她的父亲感到非常骄傲
Hot weather will continue, so please watch out for food poisoning.	因为酷暑一直持续着
Maybe you should just fire Tom.	或许你就应该把汤姆开除掉
For quantities of 20 or more, we can allow you a special discount of 10% on the prices quoted.	20	个以上九折特惠
Be realistic!	现实点
He gave me a lecture on drinking.	他因我喝酒而训斥我
He climbed Mt. Fuji.	他爬上了富士山
He didn't give me anything to eat.	他没有给我任何东西吃
Tom said Mary snored.	汤姆说玛丽打鼾
He asked me whether I was busy.	他问我是否很忙
Tell Tom that I don't need his help.	告诉汤姆我不需要他的帮助
Tom asked me to shut the gate.	汤姆让我把门关上
Tom said he was sick.	汤姆说他病了
She seemed to have been ill.	好像她病了
You have to clean your room.	你该打扫你的房间
Could you translate this sentence?	你能翻译这个句子吗
I couldn't understand his ideas.	我无法理解他的想法
Can I have a bit more milk?	我可以多来点牛奶吗
We ordered too much food.	我们点太多食物了
I'd love to come with you.	我想和你一起去
The island is a paradise for children.	这个岛是孩子们的天堂
I think the wind's dropping off.	我想
Wake up!	醒醒
I've been here a long time.	我在这里很长一段时间了
Your opinion matters.	你的观点是重要的
It's really easy to learn how to swim.	学游泳非常简单
Don't you know what happened yesterday?	你不知道昨天发生什么事吗
His request is as follows.	他的要求如下
All you need to do is just sit here.	你要做的只是坐在这儿
I know everybody here.	我认识这里的每个人
I don't remember.	我不记得了
I live too far away.	我住得太远了
Did the dog bark?	狗叫了吗
I'm good at tennis.	我擅长网球
He isn't my brother. He's my cousin.	他不是我的兄弟
We've been warned.	我们被警告过了
It is impossible to live without water.	生活没有水是不可能的
His speech impressed us very much.	他的话深深触动了我们
I know that you're richer than I am.	我知道你比我有钱
Did you watch TV tonight?	你今晚看电视了吗
The gate is so narrow that the car can't pass through it.	门太窄了
Which hat is yours?	哪顶帽子是你的
Tom is thrilled.	汤姆兴奋不已
Does he study English every day?	他每天研读英语吗
Who told you to write with your left hand?	谁跟你说用左手写字的
I'd already sent you the letter when you called.	当您打电话来的时候我已经把信寄给您了
Let's go to a movie.	让我们去看电影
I was the second to last person to hear the bad news.	我是倒数第二个得知这个坏消息的
He got hurt when he fell down.	他跌倒的时候受了伤
I believe Tom is right.	我相信汤姆是对的
My canary was killed by a cat.	我的金丝雀被一只猫杀死了
Many students have failed the test.	很多学生考试没过
Germany was once allied with Italy.	德国曾是意大利的同盟国
The speaker's comments were highly offensive.	发言人的评论极有攻击性
I lost my fountain pen.	我把我的钢笔弄丢了
Tom hitched a ride to Boston.	汤姆搭便车去波士顿了
Our teacher comes to school by car.	我们老师开车来学校
Put the pliers in the tool box.	把钳子放在工具箱里
I have to stay in bed all day.	我不得不一整天都待在床上
I usually have breakfast at seven.	我通常七点吃早餐
She couldn't look him in the face.	她无法看着他的脸
Thanks for the updates.	谢谢提供新消息
I saw the person I expected standing there.	我看到我要等的那个人就站在那儿
That bag is mine.	那是我的包
You'd better not go out today.	你今天最好不要出门
He drank a cup of coffee.	他喝了一杯咖啡
Tom often fails to keep his word.	汤姆经常不守约
Do you remember?	你记得吗
Is it serious?	严重吗
Tom wears a wig.	汤姆戴假发
They must've made a mistake.	他们一定是犯错了
I'm so excited.	我很激动
You know I'm right.	你知道我是正确的
How can I get there?	我怎么到那里去
Is the teacher young?	那个老师年轻吗
I don't wanna go back.	我不想回去
Bird watching is a nice hobby.	观察鸟类是个很好的业余爱好
The situation hasn't changed at all.	情况丝毫没有改变
This dictionary contains about 40,000 headwords.	这本字典包含了约
My sister is twenty-one years old and a college student.	我妹妹
Do you think Tom will show up?	你认为汤姆会出现吗
Tom is quite good at cooking.	Tom	对烹饪很在行
Tom knows you know.	汤姆知道你知道
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan every year.	每年有成千上万的外国人访问日本
Tom told me he had lost his textbook.	汤姆告诉我他丢了课本
She has buried her only son.	她埋葬了她的独生子
I'm fixing the radio I found on my way home.	我在修理回家路上捡到的收音机
I don't recommend eating in that restaurant. The food is awful.	我不推荐在那家餐馆吃饭
I'm fine. How about you?	我很好
"You talk too much," he said.	“	你说得太多了
We need to make a plan.	我们需要做计划
I usually eat out.	我通常在外面吃饭
Where's my folder?	我的文件夹去哪了
You are absolutely right.	你完全正确
He knows better than to marry her.	他聪明到不会娶她
How much is this?	这个几块
The party was put off for a week.	派对延期了一周
Seen from the moon, the earth looks like a ball.	从月球上看的话
Where is the mailbox?	邮箱在哪里
She didn't appear to recognize me.	她好像没认出我
The sky today is the bluest that I've ever seen it.	今天的天空是我看过最蓝的天空
I like both science and math.	科学和数学我都喜欢
It's pretty heavy.	它真重
That teapot's pretty dirty.	那个茶壶很脏啊
Moderate exercise will refresh both mind and body.	适度的运动让身心焕然一新
I can't find the knife.	我找不到刀
What's the weather like there?	那儿是什么天气
It might rain.	可能会下雨
The worst is over.	最坏的已经过去了
Are you angry?	你生气了吗
There wasn't anybody in the house.	没有人在家
This directly concerns you.	这与你有直接关系
You can lie to everyone else, but you can't lie to yourself.	你可以向别人撒谎
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her.	教师用手指指着我
I can't follow his logic.	我无法理解他的逻辑
My father loves everyone in the world.	我父亲爱世上的每一个人
Could I have a pillow and blanket?	给我一个枕头和毛毯好吗
Being rich isn't enough.	有钱还不够
He left for Europe a week ago, that is, on the tenth of May.	他在一周前离开去往欧洲
It's warm here all the year round.	这里一年四季很温暖
Tom quietly opened the door and tiptoed into the room.	汤姆悄悄地打开了门
My father grew old.	我父亲变老了
I, too, have been to Boston many times.	我也去过波士顿很多次
He is at home today.	他今天在家
I don't like your smile.	我不喜欢你的微笑
She gave me a watch.	她给了我一支手表
He didn't respond to my question.	他没有回答我的问题
Tom spent most of the morning straightening up his office.	汤姆花了大半早晨整理办公室
Come with me now.	现在就跟我来
He seldom goes to church.	他很少去教堂
I've not seen him in a long time.	我好久不见他了
I'm interested in history.	我对历史有兴趣
Now shake hands and make up.	现在握个手和解吧
Let's start with Lesson Ten.	我们从第十课开始吧
He has been very busy this week.	他这个星期一直很忙碌
I've never seen a live whale.	我从来没有见过一条活生生的鲸鱼
I didn't know what to do.	我不知道该怎么办
Can you skate?	你会溜冰吗
Why are the police here?	为什么这有警察
Tom doesn't really love Mary.	汤姆不是真的爱玛丽
This is a friend of mine.	这是我的朋友
We've got lots of time.	我们有很多时间
The value of the coins depended on the weight of the metal used.	钱币的价值取决于所使用的金属的重量
I don't see why I had to come along.	我不明白为什么我得跟着去
Tom has to protect himself.	汤姆得保护自己
The bodyguard was wearing an earpiece.	保镖戴着耳机
I missed you.	我想你
I knew Tom would be a good basketball coach. That's why I hired him.	我知道汤姆会成为一位优秀的篮球教练
Can your brother drive a car?	你弟弟会开车吗
We don't have any ice.	我们没有冰激凌
May I go to the bathroom?	我可以去洗手间吗
You can see a lot of stars in the sky.	你能看到天空中的繁星
That is not my line.	这不是我拿手的
Not everybody wants to be an artist.	不是每个人都想成为艺术家
The doctor cured him of his cancer.	医生治好了他的癌症
Tom has lost interest in studying French.	汤姆已经失去学习法语的兴趣
I can't do it either.	我也不会做
I heard our dog barking all night.	我听到我们的狗叫了一整夜
Where is the exit?	哪里出去
I began playing golf years ago.	几年前我开始打高尔夫球
We succeeded.	我们成功了
I can't reach it.	我搆不到它
To my surprise, he easily came up with a plan.	令我吃惊的是
There is a hole in your sock.	你的袜子破了一个洞呀
Do you study English?	你学英语吗
What language do you think this is?	你觉得这是哪种语言
How you've grown!	你长这么大了
How stupid of me to do so!	我干了件什么傻事啊
How many days are there in a week?	一周有几天
Give me a glass of water, please.	请你给我一杯水
You can have this watch for nothing.	你可以免费拥有这支手表
Tom can walk.	汤姆能走路
Tom showed up just in time.	汤姆刚好准时到了
Try it again.	再试一次
I don't like dogs.	我不喜欢狗
I will play the guitar for you.	我会为你弹吉他
I plan to buy him a pen.	我打算给他买一支钢笔
This is Greek to me.	看起来像天书
She cared for her father until his death.	她照顾她的父亲直到他去世
I've got a frog in my throat.	我紧张得说不出话来了
I think we should talk about this now.	我认为我们现在就该谈谈这事
Tom won't be able to do that job.	汤姆做不了那项工作
Eating raw eggs could be bad for you.	吃生蛋可能是危险的
She picked up one of the glass vases.	她拿了其中一个玻璃花瓶
I'll be there at once.	我会立刻到那里
There's something I've been meaning to discuss with you.	有件事我一直想跟你商量
Let me go to the store.	让我去商店吧
The earth is smaller than the sun.	地球比太阳小
His face was covered with mud.	他的脸上满是泥
He divorced his wife last month.	上个月他和妻子离婚了
He reads a good deal.	他读很多书
The train is due to arrive at noon.	火车该在中午到
Make another appointment at the front desk.	在服务台另外预约
I often drink tea.	我经常喝茶
I'm kidding.	我开玩笑
Tom and Mary were tired of waiting.	汤姆和玛丽等烦了
I wonder whether or not Tom can speak French.	我不知道汤姆会不会说法语
School begins at half past eight.	学校八点半开始上课
He asked her to marry him, and she accepted.	他向她求婚
May I have a glass of milk, please?	请问能给我一杯牛奶吗
Is there a timetable?	有时间表吗
Would you like to wait?	你愿意等吗
Quite a lot of friends and acquaintances have come.	好多朋友和熟人来了
What time will you get to the station?	你几点会到车站
A strange sound was heard from behind the door.	奇怪的声音从门后传来
They gave a big party for me.	他们为我办了一个盛大的派对
Call home!	打电话回家
I'm thrilled.	我激动不已
I've never heard of this actor.	我从没听说过这个演员
I finished writing the letter by noon.	我中午前写完这封信了
Everyone deserves a second chance.	每个人都值得被给予第二次机会
The same thing is happening here in Boston.	同样的事在这
He confused us.	他把我们弄糊涂了
He reluctantly agreed to my proposal.	他勉强同意了我的建议
She tried to kill herself.	她企图自杀
Attack is the best form of defense.	进攻是最好的防御
What I want isn't tea, but coffee.	我要的不是茶
It doesn't make sense to me.	这对于我来说没任何意义
This book isn't worth reading.	这本书不值得一读
You don't need to carry lunch with you.	你不需要随身带著午餐
He likes to hunt.	他喜欢打猎
I resign.	我放弃
Don't bother me.	别来烦我
I've just spoken to your French teacher and he says you're doing well in his class.	我刚跟你的法语老师谈过话
We have a little time left.	我们还有一点时间
I've always wanted to be a professional basketball player.	我一直想成为一名职业篮球运动员
Is he right?	他对吗
I'm worried about my weight.	我担心我的体重
I was not scolding you.	我不是在骂你
Is it okay if I take a break?	我休息一会没问题吧
These oranges are very sour.	这些橘子很酸
They went to the station by car.	他们开车去车站
This isn't a difficult job.	这不是件困难的差事
Tom, have you eaten anything?	汤姆
What'll tomorrow's weather be like?	明天天气怎么样
He has taken over his father's business.	他接手了他父亲的公司
It happened in the blink of an eye.	它发生在一眨眼之间
You don't have to raise your voice.	你不需要提高你的音量
This is my new guitar.	这是我的新吉他
I've never climbed this mountain.	我从没有爬过这座山
I would like to know her name.	我想知道她的名字
That's the same story as I heard when I was a child.	那跟当我是个孩子时所听到的是同样的故事
We were just talking about you when you called.	当你打电话来时
Could you open the door, please?	您能开一下门吗
What do you think?	你认为如何
Each student has a locker.	每个学生都有一柜子
Their house is being remodeled.	他们的房子正在装潢
I want something cold to drink.	我想喝冷饮
He said he was tired, so he would go home early.	他说他累了
Is breakfast included?	包括早饭吗
I can't move this.	我挪不动它
I should've paid more attention.	我应该多加注意
They didn't act quickly.	他们没有立刻行动
I did it.	我做到了
The fish tasted like salmon.	这鱼吃著像三文鱼
I paid ten dollars for this cap.	我付了十美元买这顶帽子
Do they speak French in Canada?	他们在加拿大说法语吗
I have two nieces.	我有两个外甥女
I feel fine.	我感觉很好
I've been requested to help you.	有人请我帮你
Their friendship moved us deeply.	他们的友情深深地感动了我们
A caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket.	笼子里的蟋蟀吃得跟野生的蟋蟀一样多
I missed you.	我想念你
My tummy hurts.	我肚子疼
I want to watch this movie.	我想看这部电影
How about some Spanish food?	你觉得西班牙料理怎么样
Shouldn't Tom be doing this, too?	Tom	也需要做这件事吗
I wish I were younger.	但愿我年轻一点
The lights in the bathroom aren't working.	洗手间的灯坏掉了
You need to put more water in the vase.	你需要往花瓶里加更多的水
I already talked to this student.	我已经和这个学生谈过话了
He's very smart, and he's handsome too.	他很聪明
I'll give you a ring tomorrow morning.	明天早上我会打电话给你
They went in opposite directions.	他们往相反的方向去
Other than Sundays, I work every day.	我除了星期天外每天都上班
She loves her children.	她爱她的孩子
She warmed herself by the fire.	她在火旁边让自己暖和起来
You don't have to go to school on Sunday.	你没必要周日去上学
Life is beautiful.	生活是美丽的
The youngest daughter was particularly beautiful.	么女长得特别漂亮
Why don't we order pizza?	为什么不订些批萨呢
May I ask you for your name and address?	我能问一下您的姓名和住址吗
What's your opinion on that?	关于那个你有什么看法
Could you give me a discount?	能给我打个折么
Can I rest a bit?	我能休息一会儿吗
It's easy to make friends, but hard to get rid of them.	交朋友很容易
There was some chewing gum on the sole of Tom's shoe.	汤姆的鞋底粘了口香糖
Tom is bleeding.	汤姆在流血
She ironed his shirts.	她烫了他的衬衫
I said open the door.	我说开门
He is anxious to see you.	他急于要见你
He studied English history.	他学了英国历史
It's fine today.	今天天气很好
Mother stays at home every day.	妈妈每天待在家里
Shakespeare is the name of a writer.	莎士比亚是一位作家的名字
Tom really doesn't like you.	汤姆真的不喜欢你
An army marches on its stomach.	胃里如同千军万马开过
I wonder whether we have enough money to buy Tom the painting he wanted.	我想知道咱们是否有足够的钱给汤姆买他想要的这幅画
My phone was out of order.	我的电话坏了
Have you taken your medicine yet?	您已经吃过药了吗
I'm not quite well.	我有点不舒服
They made up and became friends again.	他们和解了
I like Tom's attitude.	我喜欢
I can't bear this noise anymore.	我无法再忍受那噪音了
It was so still that you would have heard a pin drop.	安静到连针掉在地上的声音你都会听得到
You're a beautiful young woman.	你是一个美丽的女孩
The king crushed his enemies.	国王摧毁了他的敌人
Children often hate spinach.	小孩一般都讨厌菠菜
The French were defeated at Waterloo.	法国人在滑铁卢之役吃了败仗
Tom has been in the hospital for a month.	汤姆已经住院一个月了
Let me know if I need to change.	让我知道我是否需要改变
She came back an hour later.	一个小时后
Can we talk in private?	我们能私下谈谈吗
He told me the story of his life.	他给我讲述了他的一生
I can drive.	我会开车
He asked me to help him.	他要求我帮助他
You can use the hotel's swimming pool.	你可以使用旅馆的游泳池
I rejected the offer.	我拒绝了报价
I don't know if there's time.	我不知道有没有时间
They waited in line for the bus.	他们排队等公车
He's a friend of my brother's.	他是我哥哥的朋友
He asked for a drink of water.	他要了水喝
Dozens are still missing.	数十人仍然失踪
I forgot to lock the drawer.	我忘记给抽屉上锁了
Does anyone want some more pie?	有人想要更多的馅饼吗
I recognized your voice right away.	我立刻认出了你的声音
Do your gums bleed?	你的牙龈流血吗
We never gave up.	我们从不放弃
I think I mistakenly deleted that file.	我觉得我是误删了这个文件
Keep your eyes open.	睁大你的眼睛
They appointed him as a director.	他们任命他为经理
It's been raining since early morning.	从清晨开始一直下雨
What happened to you?	你到底怎么回事啊
I'll be absent from home in the afternoon.	下午我不在家
Where do you play tennis?	你在哪里打网球
Tom and Mary are out of danger.	汤姆和玛丽脱离了危险
There are at least 500 students here.	这儿有不少于五百名学生
Did you do this on your own?	这是你自己做的吗
I was the one who had to tell Tom.	该由我告诉汤姆
What time do you wake up on Sundays?	你星期天几点起床
Tom is never going to forgive me, is he?	汤姆永远也不会原谅我了
I remember you. We met three years ago.	我记得你
Today, I am feeling a lot better.	我今天感觉好多了
There has been a good apple harvest this year.	今年苹果的收成不错
The street is paved with asphalt.	这条街铺上了柏油
He plays baseball every day.	他每天都打垒球
My father told me where to go.	我爸爸告诉我去哪儿
I don't like school.	我不喜欢学校
I'm very interested in these stories.	我对这些故事很感兴趣
He looked for every possible means of escape.	他寻找一切可能的逃生途径
Who gave you the right to do such a thing?	是谁允许你做这事的
He anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.	他匿名向红十字捐了大笔钱
I lead a busy life.	我有一个忙碌的生活
Have you ever had food poisoning?	您曾经食物中毒过吗
Let them learn from us.	让他们向我们学习
Her husband is an excellent cook.	她丈夫是个优秀的厨师
Tom found the key that he thought he'd lost.	汤姆找到了他以为已经遗失的钥匙
This is a pencil.	这是一支铅笔
How did you arrive at that conclusion?	你们怎么得出这个结论的
When did you begin to learn English?	你们什么时候开始学英语的
Have you had lunch yet?	你吃过午饭了吗
He has a lot of foreign stamps.	他有很多外国邮票
A stewardess was rescued from the wreck.	一名空姐从飞机残骸中被救出来了
I am disgusted with him.	我厌恶他
I didn't tell the whole truth.	我没说出全部的真相
My uncle made me serve as interpreter.	我舅舅让我担任翻译
I'll be watching you.	我会看著你
I gave her her dictionary back.	我把她的字典还给她了
Tom salted his egg.	汤姆在蛋上撒盐
Tom didn't talk to Mary.	汤姆没跟玛丽说话
But you're not there.	但你不在那里
The mountain has a beautiful shape.	这座山有一个美丽的外形
You're not allowed in this room.	你不能进这个房间
Children of six and above should attend school.	六岁及以上的小孩应该上学
I was wrong.	我想错了
Do you have a temperature?	你发烧了吗
When I heard that song, it reminded me of when I was a kid.	我一听到那首歌
He is no ordinary student.	他不是个普通的学生
You are a good cook, aren't you?	你很会做菜
I can't bear to see animals suffering.	我无法忍受看着动物受苦
What's your cousin's name?	你堂兄叫什么名字
I quit smoking a year ago.	我一年前戒了烟
The horse stopped and refused to go on.	马停了下来
There was nothing that I could do at that time.	当时我什么都不能做
A fox isn't caught twice in the same snare.	一只狐狸不会两次掉入同一个陷阱里
The store happened to be crowded yesterday.	昨天这家商店正好人满为患
How long did it take you to finish reading that book?	你看完这本书要多少时间
Where is your dog?	你的狗在哪儿
Tom looked a little frightened.	汤姆看来受了点惊吓
Who's the smartest kid in your class?	你班里最聪明的小孩是谁
I feel comfortable.	我感觉很舒服
She asked how to cook the fish.	她问了怎么烧鱼
We have time to spare.	我们有多余的时间
It is not easy to speak English.	说英语不容易
Can you do that by yourself?	你自己一个人能做吗
I have no intention of asking him.	我不想问他
JST stands for Japan Standard Time.	JST	代表日本标准时间
We'll have a barbecue at the beach.	我们要在海边在烧烤架上烤肉
I don't know anything about him.	我不知道任何有关他的事
I take my health seriously.	我重视自身的健康
When will it be ready?	这什么时候能准备好
I'm looking for a part-time job.	我正在找一份兼职的工作
I'm tired of eating fast food.	我厌倦吃快餐了
I'll make you a new suit.	我会给你做一套新衣服
I'm almost done.	我差不多完成了
Open the door, please.	请开门
Are you looking for something?	您在找什么吗
No one had anything left to say.	没有人有话可说
I can walk to school in 10 minutes.	我走路
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
I will give you a bicycle for your birthday.	你生日的时候
Tom wondered why there was a dog in his house.	汤姆奇怪为什么他的房子里有只狗
This is the place where the battle of Hastings took place.	这里曾是黑斯廷斯战役的战场
I don't want to talk to you.	我不想跟你说
Tom has asked us to help him.	汤姆让我们去帮他
The policeman grabbed the boy's arm.	警察抓住了那个男孩的手臂
My grandmother likes traveling by train.	我奶奶喜欢坐火车旅行
I've got a lot of questions.	我有许多问题
She loved me in the same way that I loved her.	她爱我就像我爱她一样
He's a liar.	他是个骗子
I know everything.	我什么都知道
They supplied the soldiers with enough food and water.	他们给士兵提供了充足的食物和水
What made her so angry?	什么事让她这么生气
Goodbye!	告辞
I'm not interested.	我不感兴趣
I don't know.	我一无所知
She felt like taking a walk.	她想去散步
Do you guys want something to eat?	你们想要吃些什么吗
I don't know if I can help.	我不知道能不能帮上忙
What is your house like?	你的房子如何
It's a pity when somebody dies.	有人死了的时候真是遗憾
He is busy.	他很忙
Do you have a TV?	你有电视吗
I'm as tall as my father.	我跟我父亲一样高
I love my country.	我爱我的祖国
I get up at six.	我六点起床
I'll go back home with you.	我会跟你一起回家
There are some apples in the basket.	篮子里有一些苹果
We're fellow countrymen.	我们是同胞
In case I can't come, I'll give you a call beforehand.	万一来不了
How long does it take to walk to the station?	走着去火车站要多久
It's been a long time.	已经很长一段时间了
What is the total amount of money you spent?	你一共花了多少钱
He knows how to play the piano.	他知道如何弹钢琴
How curious!	真奇怪
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
I've done everything necessary.	我做完了所有重要的事
I must help her.	我必须帮助她
Turn the light on, please.	请开灯
"Thanks for the help." "Don't mention it."	“	谢谢你的帮助
Tom didn't like the idea of Mary going out with John.	汤姆希望玛丽不会跟约翰谈恋爱
Tom is lonely and unhappy.	汤姆又孤单又不幸
I'd like my coffee after the meal.	我想吃完饭再喝咖啡
Bring me the magazines.	把那本杂志拿来给我
Tom is afraid that somebody will see him.	汤姆怕有人看到他
What about you?	您呢
I will go to the meeting.	我将要去参加会议
Would you like another cup of tea?	你想再要杯茶吗
I want a piece of candy.	我想要一颗糖
Can you play the piano?	你会弹钢琴吗
He sang a song.	他唱了一首歌
Tom doesn't talk with anyone.	汤姆不跟任何人说话
Follow him.	跟著他走
I'm not good at drawing.	我不擅长画画
This plane flies between Osaka and Hakodate.	这架飞机往返于大阪和函馆之间
She takes private piano lessons.	她上私人钢琴课
I know he is watching me.	我知道他在看著我
This is a low-budget movie.	这是一部低成本的电影
I want to go and change into that shirt I bought yesterday.	我想去换我昨天买的这件衬衫
There's nothing better than taking a nice walk.	没有什么比散步更好的了
I can't let you in here.	我不能让你进来这里
Do you know me?	你认识我吗
He removed his shirt.	他把衬衫脱了
Don't translate English into Japanese word for word.	不要逐字逐句的把英文翻译成日文
It wasn't me who told you not to do that.	不是我告诉你不要去做的
Your son has come of age.	你儿子现在成人了
How much does this watch cost?	这只表多少钱
Prices went up.	物价上涨
He can also speak Russian.	他也会说俄语
I'm not likely to kiss Tom.	我不可能亲汤姆
I learned to drive a car when I was eighteen and got a driver's license.	我十八岁时
He wishes he had gone to the theater last night.	昨晚他希望他去了剧场
I like the way you walk.	我喜欢你走路的方式
I was in the garden all afternoon.	我整个下午都在花园里
We swam until it got dark.	我们游泳到天黑
It's very uncomfortable.	真让人不舒服
Perhaps he missed the train.	他可能错过了火车
Who's dying?	谁要死了
He always quarrels with his wife.	他总是与他的妻子吵架
You'll miss me when I'm gone.	我走了你会想我
Do you have any cough medicine?	你有止咳药吗
Tom and Mary ended 30 years of marriage.	汤姆和玛丽结束了三十年的婚姻
Isn't it black?	它不是黑色的吗
He plays the guitar very well.	他吉他弹得很好
If you're tired, just let me know.	困了的话就说哦
I expect you to work harder.	我希望你更加努力地工作
The train leaves in ten minutes.	火车十分钟后离开
We're going to have a test today.	我们今天将有一个考试
I heard him coming downstairs.	我听见他下楼的声音
We'll talk about it tomorrow.	我们明天讨论它
The volcano erupted suddenly, killing many people.	火山突然喷发
Speak more slowly so that we can understand you.	请讲慢一点
Does anyone here speak Japanese?	这儿有人说日语吗
This is a very informative article.	这是篇信息量很大的文章
May I see your driver's license?	我可以看看你的驾驶执照吗
You know that that's your duty.	你知道那是你的责任
Tom studies hard.	汤姆努力学习
The boy enjoyed painting a picture.	这个男孩喜欢绘画
Mary asked her son to behave himself.	玛丽要求她的儿子守规矩
The soldiers occupied the building.	士兵们占领了这个建筑
People can't live forever.	人无法长生不死
It started raining as soon as we got home.	我们才一到家就下起雨来了
There are many stores in this area.	这个区域有很多商店
It'll be cloudy.	天要变多云了
Yesterday was my birthday.	昨天是我的生日
I'm waiting for you to help me.	我等着你帮我
People grow more cynical with age.	人会随著年龄的增长而更加地玩世不恭
Tom is out of your league.	汤姆不在你的联盟里
We didn't stay home yesterday.	我们昨天没有待在家里
They made me really angry.	他们让我很生气
Tom couldn't think of a good place to hide it.	汤姆想不到个好地方藏它
Who else in Boston do you know?	你还认识波士顿的谁
I'm tired of listening to Tom.	我厌倦了听汤姆说话
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.	我明天把它带给你
Do you have a child?	你有孩子吗
It could be just a coincidence.	可能只是巧合
Fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet.	蔬果对平衡饮食必不可少
The soldiers lost the courage to fight.	士兵们失去了战斗的勇气
You need to have friends who can help you out.	你需要可以帮助你的朋友
The man got away from the city.	这名男子逃离了这个城市
Why do you need this money?	你要这钱干嘛
Buy me a snack.	帮我买点零食吧
Tom has next to nothing in his wallet.	汤姆的钱包里几乎什么都没有
This article is nonsense.	这文章是胡说
Which group do you want to join?	你想加入哪一组
The whole neighborhood was surprised at the news.	整个小区对这个消息很惊讶
The sight of the money tempted him into stealing.	看到这笔钱使他被诱惑偷东西
I have to go to a meeting now.	我现在必须去开会
How much did it cost?	多少钱
I want to brush up my English.	我要温习一下我的英文
Can I ask a question?	我能问个问题吗
Your answer is wrong.	你的答案是错的
We all have secrets.	我们都有秘密
Mary came in.	玛丽进来了
Is he still interested?	他还有兴趣吗
I found this in your desk drawer.	我在你的桌子抽屉里找到了这个
He didn't know what to do next.	他不知道下一步要做什么
I think the train will come soon.	我想火车很快就会来了
He's very good at playing guitar.	他很擅长弹吉他
He is about your age.	他跟您年纪差不多
It is difficult to play the piano.	弹钢琴很困难
Everything went black.	一切都变成了黑色
Tom is a hick.	汤姆是个乡巴佬
Are you ready to order now?	您决定好要下订单了吗
Tom dozed off during the meeting.	汤姆在会议期间打瞌睡
Can anyone drive?	有人会开车吗
His father doesn't play golf.	他父亲不打高尔夫球
What did you do at that moment?	当时你在做什么
I don't like that.	我不喜欢
I read about him in the newspaper.	我在报纸上读到有关他的消息
You're just a coward.	你就是胆小鬼
Please open the door.	请把门打开
I made a few changes.	我做了点改动
I got the information from him directly.	我直接从他那里得到讯息
Please show me your driver's license.	请让我看看您的驾驶执照
Tom wasn't too happy in those days.	汤姆这些天里不太高兴
That's not your problem.	不是你的问题
We had a welcome party for her.	我们为她举办了一个欢迎会
Tom is the only one who has a camera.	汤姆是唯一一个有相机的人
Put your hat on.	戴上你的帽子
She has an eye for antiques.	她看古董的眼光很好
No matter where you go, I'll follow you.	无论你去哪里我都会跟著你
I have not finished breakfast yet.	我还没吃完早饭
Which do you prefer, tea or coffee?	你比较喜欢哪一个
I'd rather do it by myself.	我更愿意自己做
Mary is not poor. On the contrary, she is quite rich.	玛丽不穷
I would really like to know why he did something like that.	我真的很想知道他为什么做了像那样的事
Tom doesn't know if Mary is happy or not.	汤姆不知道玛丽是高兴呢
What's your home phone number?	你家电话号码是多少
What do you think of Japanese food?	你觉得日本料理怎么样
We take it for granted that he will succeed in his business.	我们认为他的生意理所当然会获得成功
Software is constantly evolving.	软件正在不断进化
Will you accept this job?	你会接受这份工作吗
Tom apologized again.	汤姆再次致歉
It was a nice story.	这是个挺好的故事
The old man was almost hit by a car.	老人几乎被车撞上
The word is unfamiliar to me.	我对这个单词不熟
Why did you say such a thing?	你为什么说了这样的事
Tom has already fed the dog.	汤姆已经喂过狗了
The baby cried all night.	这孩子哭了一整夜
You're too generous.	你太大方了
I'm new here.	我是新来的
Tom took out his wallet and paid the bill.	汤姆拿出钱包付了账
Tom got up from his desk.	汤姆从办公桌旁站了起来
We'll be in Boston for another three weeks.	我们还会在波士顿待三个月
I'm buying.	我买了
How's everyone?	大家好吗
She was wearing long boots.	她穿着长靴
He read a book written in English.	他读了一本用英文写的书
They were persecuted.	他们受到迫害
Why did you begin without me?	为什么你不等等我就开始了
I'm an electrician.	我是一名电工
Tom told me where Mary lives.	汤姆告诉了我玛丽住哪儿
Which book is yours?	哪本是你们的书
I was watching TV when the telephone rang.	电话响的时候
I look forward to hearing from you.	我期待收到你的来信
The air felt a little cold.	空气有点冷
Coal is not always black.	煤并不一定都是黑的
Listen to this!	听这个
Tom put his wallet on the desk.	汤姆把钱包放在了桌子上
Does that count?	那算数吗
We sometimes see them.	我们有时会看见他们
I don't know if I can do it.	我不知道我能不能做
A good cook doesn't throw out yesterday's soup.	一个好的厨师不会丢掉昨天的汤
It's already open.	它已经开放了
I'm waiting for the store to open.	我正等著这家店开门
Don't make fun of old people.	不要捉弄老人家
These apples are very big.	这些苹果很大
She disliked her husband.	她不喜欢她的丈夫
The other day I discovered a book written by my father.	前几天我发现了一本我父亲写的书
Nobody believes what I say.	没有人相信我说的话
I will never forget your kindness.	我永远不会忘记你的好意
Their meeting was inevitable.	他们的相遇是必然的
Nobody was injured.	没有人受伤
I usually go to school by bicycle.	我通常骑自行车去上学
Are these all your books, Tom?	汤姆
That only happens occasionally.	这只是偶发事件
Thanks for your advice.	谢谢你的建议
She gave me some practical advice.	她给了我一些实用的建议
Our mother bought us a puppy.	我们的妈妈买了一只小狗给我们
Christmas is right around the corner.	圣诞节快到了
I guess the dog bites.	看来那条狗会咬人
Go back to your seat.	回到你的座位
She was afraid to cross the road.	她怕过马路
You don't have to work so hard.	你不必这么辛苦地工作
That's insane.	那是疯狂的
I must renew my passport.	我必须更新我的护照
I really like him, but not his circle of friends.	我真的很喜欢他
I wish I were taller.	我希望我比较高
The bottle fell and broke.	瓶子掉下来摔碎了
Japan depends on imports for raw materials.	日本依赖进口原料
I wish more people felt the same way.	我希望更多的人有同样的感受
How much money do you donate every year?	你每年捐多少钱
A crowd soon gathered around him.	很快人群就在他周围聚集了起来
Mission accomplished.	任务完成
I find politics very interesting.	我对政治很感兴趣
I'm here, too.	我也在这里
I didn't get along with her.	我没有和她相处过
Tom has calmed down.	汤姆冷静下来了
There are no comments yet.	还没有任何评论
My mother can't drive a car.	我妈不会开车
He failed in his attempt to swim across the river.	他试图游过河
Thanks for the memories.	感谢那些回忆
There was a lot of snow last year.	去年下了很多雪
Something might have happened to her.	她可能出什么事了
He arrived in time.	他及时赶到
I did nothing out of the ordinary.	我没做什么与众不同的事
The child cried loudly.	小孩大声呼叫
You ought not to make fun of them.	你别嘲弄他们
His low salary prevents him from buying the house.	他的低薪水让他买不了房
They grow strawberries in their greenhouse.	他们在他们的温室里种植草莓
Is the water in the Black Sea actually black?	黑海里的水事实上是黑的吗
Mom is getting dinner ready.	妈妈快把晚餐准备好了
Be at the station at 11 o'clock sharp.	十一点准时到车站
My boss is keeping me pretty busy.	我的老板总让我很忙
Are you afraid of insects?	你怕虫子吗
I used to play tennis.	我以前打网球
I thank you very much for your kindness.	我十分感谢你的好意
This work must be finished by Monday.	这项工作必须在周一
Help yourself to anything you like.	喜欢什么就随便吃吧
Long time, no see.	好久不见了
I think it's better for us to adopt his plan.	我认为采用他的计划对我们比较好
I have many abilities.	我有很多才能
It never rains but it pours.	不下雨则矣
Tom clenched the shovel.	汤姆握紧了铲子
The opening ceremony of the Olympics has already begun.	奥运会已经开幕了
You'll soon get used to speaking in public.	你很快就会习惯在大庭广众说话了
Please attend the meeting in the second floor conference room at 2:30 p.m.	请在两点半参加在二楼会议室的会议
A map helps us to know where we are.	地图帮助我们知道所在的位置
We'll have to go back.	我们还得回去
Tom was late for dinner.	汤姆晚餐迟到了
Drink this juice.	喝这果汁
I think we need a doggy bag.	我觉得我们需要一个打包盒
Do you think the weather will be fine tomorrow?	你觉得明天天气会变好吗
Do you regret marrying me?	你后悔跟我结婚吗
The police officers arrested the burglar.	警察拘捕了这个窃贼
Tom began to learn French about three years ago.	汤姆大约三年前开始学法语
Tom is overweight.	汤姆超重了
He's a regular at the bars and pubs around here.	他是这里附近酒吧和酒馆的常客
I am lost. Can you help me, please?	我迷路了
They must have had an accident.	他们一定发生了意外
You remember it better than I do.	你比我记得好
You must be kidding!	你一定是开玩笑
I'm sorry to disappoint you.	我对让你失望感到抱歉
I don't have much money on me.	我身上没有很多钱
He mistook me for my twin brother.	他把我误认为我的双胞胎兄弟
My car broke down this morning and won't be repaired until Friday.	我的车今天早上坏了
Let's take a rest.	我们休息一下吧
Who loved who?	谁爱谁
He's very good at playing baseball.	他垒球打得很好
He shot an arrow at the deer.	他射了鹿一箭
Hi, everybody.	大家好
Tom said that Mary was sleeping.	汤姆说玛丽在睡觉
I don't want to wait that long.	我不想等那么久
I don't make deals with people like you.	我不跟你这样的人做生意
I borrowed money from my father.	我向我父亲借钱
My older brother is a teacher.	我哥哥是一名教师
You have to move.	你得行动了
Don't hesitate to ask questions.	不要犹豫去问问题
Sorry, but can you show me the way to the next village?	能不能麻烦你告诉我去邻村怎么走
I dreamed about you.	我梦到你了
What time does it open?	什么时候开门
My father gave me a game.	我爸爸给我了个游戏
How long have you been waiting for me?	你等我多久了
She stepped forward to shake his hand.	为了握住他的手
Do you know him?	你认识他吗
It was fun playing in the park.	在公园里玩很有趣
Can I park my car here?	我能把我的车停在这儿吗
Rather than cutting down on cigarettes, why don't you just give them up?	比起少抽烟
Did you watch TV last night?	你昨晚看电视了吗
It is necessary for you to go there immediately.	你必需马上去那儿
Tom seems to be a fairly successful businessman.	汤姆看来是个很成功的商人
I don't remember doing anything like that.	我不记得干了那样的事情
We ran three kilometers.	我们跑了三公里
No other mountain in the world is as tall as Mt. Everest.	世界上任何山峰都达不到珠穆朗玛峰的高度
Tom's house has three rooms.	Tom	的房子有三个房间
He had his car stolen last night.	昨晚他的车被偷了
My head hurts.	我头痛
I confess that I'm tired.	我承认我很累
Wake me up early tomorrow morning.	明天早上早点叫醒我
Tom is three years younger than Mary.	汤姆比玛丽小三岁
Onions cook more quickly than potatoes.	洋葱比土豆煮得更快些
Don't be fooled.	别被骗了
I need to hit the sack.	我该去睡觉了
I am a student at Oxford University.	我是牛津大学的学生
Tom must've been displeased.	汤姆一定很不高兴
Half of these apples are rotten.	这些苹果的其中一半都烂了
I love you more than anyone else.	我爱你胜过其他任何一个人
Do you have plans tonight?	今晚有什么计划吗
Where is the pain?	哪里痛
Do you take part in any community activities?	你参加社团活动吗
I've never been this happy before.	我从未这么高兴
Not everyone who lives here is rich.	并不是每个住在这里的人都是富有的
Tom is taller than I am.	汤姆比我高
What are you getting at?	你想暗示什么
I want to stay.	我想要留下
Have you seen this man?	您见过这个人吗
You may not come in.	你不能进来
What did you do with that camera?	你用那台相机做了什么
I wrote a letter.	我写了一封信
We went swimming in the river.	我们去河里游泳
I gave Tom one of those.	我给了汤姆其中一个
Awesome!	好棒
He took a taxi to the station.	他打了个车去车站
I may have made a mistake.	我可能搞错了
Take whichever you want.	拿你想要的
How much is it?	这个几块
What have you been doing recently?	最近在干些什么
Here, catch!	这里
He still hasn't answered my letter.	他还没回我的信
Thank you for coming, Tom.	感谢你的到来
She made me a nice dress.	她做了一件好看的衣服给我
My older sister often drinks tea with milk.	我的姐姐经常就着牛奶喝茶
Do you have any plans for tonight?	今晚有什么计划吗
There's a basket under the table.	桌子底下有一个篮子
Tom is lucky he didn't get shot.	汤姆没被射中真走运
They were abandoned by their mother.	她们被母亲抛弃了
They were satisfied.	他们满意了
You should not go alone.	你不应该一个人去
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?	你看过这么美的夕阳吗
He held a ball.	他举办了一场舞会
Keep them.	留着吧
There's no chance of rain today.	今天不可能下雨
Tom put some salt on his eggs.	汤姆在蛋上撒盐
I am the fastest runner.	我是最快的跑者
Tom's tired.	汤姆累了
You should try to be more polite.	你应该试著更有礼貌
I'd like to reserve a hotel room.	我想要订房
Tom and Mary couldn't help me do that.	汤姆和玛丽不能帮我去做
I get off at the next station.	我下一站下车
Let's clean our room.	打扫我们的房间吧
I don't want to go to Tom's birthday party.	我不想去汤姆的聚会
He said that it was nine o'clock.	他说九点了
This isn't good.	这不好
Having lived in Tokyo, I know the city well.	因为住过东京
She gives me a nasty look every time she sees me.	她每次看见我都给露出厌恶的眼神
Let me see it.	让我看看
And what if someone sees us?	如果有人看见我们怎么办
New stamps will be issued next month.	新邮票将于下个月发行
I want to play.	我想去玩
The clouds are getting darker.	云越来越黑
I have to renew my passport.	我必须更新我的护照
The chances are he's already heard the news.	他有可能已经得知这消息
Do you go to a private school?	你在私立学校读书吗
You're the one who suggested that we do that together.	你是那个建议我们一起做那件事的人
He'll be taking an exam next week.	他下礼拜要考试
I'm going to the restroom.	我去下洗手间
He translated the verse into English.	他把诗翻译成英语
Tom swims very fast.	汤姆游泳游得非常快
None of the teachers could solve the problem.	所有的老师都无法解决这个问题
We did it ourselves.	我们自己做的
The teacher let the boy go home.	老师让这个男孩回家
He began to look for work.	他开始找工作了
She went to the museum by cab.	她搭计程车到博物馆
How long have you been abroad?	你在国外多久了
They drink coke.	他们喝可乐
I don't love her, not even if she loves me.	即使她爱我
Tom is one of the kindest people I know.	汤姆是我知道的最好的人之一
I'm talking about my friend.	我在谈我的朋友
He is busy preparing for the entrance examination.	他忙着准备入学考试
The jet landed at Tokyo.	这架客机降落在东京了
I don't know what to say.	我不知道说什么
He's afraid of that dog.	他怕那只狗
How do you feel?	你感觉如何
There are only three women in this class.	这个班只有三个女生
The box wasn't empty.	箱子不是空的
What's Tom so angry about?	汤姆为了甚么生气
That was the first time that I'd seen Tom so angry.	那是我第一次见到汤姆如此生气
That affair made him famous.	那件事情使他一举成名
My father is a bit old-fashioned.	我爸爸有点守旧
There are lots of trees in the countryside.	乡间有很多树
How long are you planning to stay?	你准备待多久
We know.	我们知道
I do not play the piano.	我不弹钢琴
Leave my camera alone.	别碰我的相机
Now let's get down to work.	现在让我们开始工作
This is not safe.	这不安全
It's my brother's.	它是我兄弟的
Let me introduce my friends to you.	我给你介绍介绍我的朋友
Tom knew that Mary was upset.	汤姆知道玛丽不高兴
Welcome to the club.	欢迎来到俱乐部
We would like you to come to our party.	我们希望你来我们的聚会
Say it in another way.	换种方式说
We postponed our departure because of the storm.	我们因为风暴推迟了起程
I have no idea of what to do.	我不知道该怎么办
Hot and humid weather makes us lazy.	炎热潮湿的天气使我们变得懒散
I love the people here.	我爱这里的人们
Lincoln was elected President in 1860.	林肯在
He leaves for school at seven.	他七点钟去学校
We watched the soccer game on TV.	我们看了电视上的足球比赛
I can't stand this pain any more.	我不能再承受这种痛苦
You're in big trouble.	你们有大麻烦了
It is too hot to stay here.	太热了不能待在这里
Tom isn't nearly as smart as he thinks he is.	汤姆并不像他自认为的那么聪明
It may snow in the afternoon.	下午可能会下雪
He does not like us.	他不喜欢我们
Tom did a good job predicting who would win the election.	汤姆很会预测选举
He is sometimes absent from school.	他偶尔逃学
It's getting to be time for me to head back.	差不多该回去了
The police officer arrested the burglar.	警官逮捕了窃贼
It sounds as if he were to blame for the disaster.	听起来好像他是这场灾难的罪魁祸首
We need to buy a new TV.	我们需要买新电视机
What's up with you?	你怎么了
We want Tom.	我们想要汤姆
I must think over the matter before giving my answer.	我在回答之前必须考虑周全
Something strange is happening.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
I forgot it in the garage.	我把它忘在车库里了
They forced me out.	他们逼我出来
She is upset.	她心情不好
An argument may be logically sound without being true.	不正确的命题听起来可能符合逻辑
The huge explosion killed six people.	大爆炸致死六人
I do not have a cat.	我没有猫
You're the only one who can help us.	你是唯一一个能帮助我们的人
You look good.	你气色不错
You hardly ate anything.	你们几乎什么都没有吃
They were busy working for social reforms.	他们忙于社会改革
Are you still collecting stamps?	你还在收集邮票吗
It's a nice day, isn't it?	美丽的一天
He drinks too much beer.	他喝太多啤酒
He stopped to put on his shoes.	他停下来好穿鞋
Why do you even care about this?	你怎么还关心这个
Beware of the dog!	小心狗
I'm still waiting for Tom to get here.	我还在等汤姆来这里
He was standing at the street corner.	他站在街角
He came to see me.	他来看我了
Tom didn't take his shoes off.	汤姆没脱鞋
That's none of your business.	这不关你的事
The rain is letting up.	雨变小了
What time do you go home?	你几点回家
In case of fire, dial 119.	遇到火警时
What's the matter with you?	你到底怎么回事嘛
Tom is deceitful.	汤姆是个骗子
I'd like to swim in this river.	我想在这条河里游泳
Merry Christmas!	圣诞快乐
Who do you want to speak to?	你想跟谁说话
I had difficulty working out the problem.	我很难解决这个问题
Tom is in the living room.	汤姆在起居室里
The fox and the bear lived together.	这只狐狸和这只熊一起生活了
My knowledge of Japanese is rather poor.	我对日文不大了解
I don't know the meaning of this word.	我不知道这个词的意思
There's no coffee left.	没有咖啡剩下来
I'm much younger than you.	我比你年轻得多
Don't rely too much on others.	别老依赖别人
My nose is so itchy.	我的鼻子好痒
I have no idea.	我一无所知
I read the book from cover to cover.	那本书我从头到尾看完了
Actinium was discovered by André-Louis Debierne in 1899.	锕在
These kinds of mistakes are easy to overlook.	这种错误很容易被人忽视
My idea is different from yours.	我的想法和你的不一样
Don't you love each other?	你们不爱彼此吗
I wish I had a better memory.	希望我的记忆力能好一点
Salmon lay their eggs in fresh water.	鲑鱼在淡水中产卵
Yes, of course.	是的
They announced that a storm was coming.	他们宣布了暴风雨即将来临
I have hiccups.	我打嗝了
Both of Tom's parents passed away when he was quite young.	汤姆很小的时候父母就都去世了
Everybody showed sympathy toward the prisoner.	每个人都对囚犯表示同情
He makes his living by singing.	他以唱歌为生
You couldn't handle the pressure.	你不能应对压力
He is to come to my house tonight.	他今晚会来我家
Sometimes I see him at the club.	我偶尔会在俱乐部碰到他
Thank you for baking this delicious cake.	谢谢你烤的美味蛋糕
We've received a lot of applications in answer to our advertisements.	我们已经收到了很多回应我们广告的申请
Why don't we have lunch together?	为什么我们不一起吃午饭呢
It's up to you whether to buy it or not.	买不买由你决定
Can you imagine walking on the moon?	你可以想象在月球上行走吗
In addition to English, he speaks German.	除了英文
I use Twitter.	我用
She is my daughter.	她是我女儿
I don't have any children.	我没有孩子
I have lost my cap.	我把帽子弄丢了
Who's behind it?	幕后操纵者是谁
Sensing danger, he ran away.	他感觉到危险就逃跑了
She hung the calendar on the wall.	她把日历挂在墙上了
You need to seek help.	你需要寻求协助
Please remain seated for a few minutes.	请坐一会
I want something cold to drink now.	我想现在喝冷的东西
He is a doctor by profession.	他的职业是医生
Our train stopped suddenly.	我们的火车突然停了下来
Why did you get up so early?	你为什么这么早起
We're going to be here all day.	我们要在这里待一整天
Tom sat on a tree trunk.	汤姆坐在了树干上
He wrote a book about the American Civil War.	他写了本关于美国南北战争的书
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who had to do that.	汤姆说他以为需要做那件事的就只有他一个
Cool down.	冷静点
Tom has my book.	汤姆有我的书
We won't get paid extra for doing this.	我们做这事没有额外报酬
Don't let opportunities pass by.	不要让机会溜走
Mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven.	玛丽把围裙系在她的腰上
Tom knows how to play mahjong, I think.	我觉得汤姆知道怎么玩麻将
He wrote a letter yesterday.	昨天他写好了信
Speaking in French is fun.	说法语很有趣
I only do what I'm paid to do.	我只做别人付钱让我做的事
Do you know who he is?	你知道他是谁吗
They had to work all year round.	他们一整年都必须工作
How much do a dozen eggs cost?	一打鸡蛋多少钱
I don't meet him so often.	我不常见到他
We should've worked harder.	我们应该工作得更努力
He acted as my guide.	他担任我的向导
Hello, Tom.	你好
The train has already left.	列车已经出发
I'll give you anything but this.	除了这个之外我会给你任何东西
She was pleased with the new dress.	那条新裙子让她很满意
It was a lot of fun.	它很好玩
I can't get over my cold.	我的感冒怎么也不好
Tell me the meaning of life.	告诉我人生的意义
I'll reconsider the matter.	我会重新考虑此事
That house is big.	那栋房子很大
I have few friends.	我朋友很少
Tom is going out this afternoon with Mary.	今天下午汤姆和玛丽会一起出去
Bread is made from flour.	面包是面粉做的
He's not such a great writer and I think he knows it.	他不是那么出色的作家我想他知道这一点
Tom was fired.	汤姆被解雇了
He only had 100 dollars.	他只有
Tom is the manager of a small restaurant.	汤姆是一家小餐馆的经理
Obviously, someone is lying.	显然有人在撒谎
What are you reading now?	你现在在读甚么
The sky is clear and full of stars.	天空晴朗
That's Tom's mother.	那是汤姆的妈妈
She usually goes to bed at nine.	她经常九点睡觉
You have a choice of black tea, coffee, or milk.	你可以选择红茶
Let's keep in touch.	让我们保持联络
There was widespread panic after the earthquake.	地震后人们普遍觉得恐慌
We are the problem.	我们就是问题所在
He earned his living as a teacher.	他以当老师为生
He will play baseball tomorrow.	他明天将打棒球
There's a book here.	这里有一本书
Would you care for another cup of coffee?	再来一杯咖啡怎么样
Please don't leave me alone.	拜托
You people can't help yourselves.	你们这些人管不住自己
You must get this homework finished by the day after tomorrow.	你必须在后天以前完成回家作业
I'd like to stay for one night.	我想待一夜
Academic fraud is more common than you might think.	学术造假比你想象的普遍
The room has a seating capacity of 200.	这个房间能容纳
I said that.	我是那样说的
Have you ever eaten a banana pie?	你吃过香蕉派吗
Your bicycle is similar to mine.	你的脚踏车和我的很相似
He fell down on the floor.	他摔倒在地
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.	我不喜欢茶
Tom told me that he hated Christmas.	汤姆告诉我他讨厌圣诞节
Europeans like to drink wine.	欧洲人喜欢喝酒
Maybe Tom just got nervous.	可能汤姆紧张了
It is rude of him not to give me a call.	他不打电话给我真是无礼
You shouldn't tell him anything about her.	你不应该告诉他任何关于她的事
She answered in tears.	她很伤心地回答
Do you want a glass of soda?	你想来杯汽水吗
I know you like sports.	我知道你喜欢体育运动
I'm sorry I've kept you waiting so long.	让您等了很久
Go away!	走开
Please translate the sentence below.	请把下面的句子翻译一下
The grass looks nice.	草地看来不错
Tom says he can't figure out what Mary wants.	汤姆说他搞不懂玛丽要的是什么
I don't mind if it's hot.	辣点儿没关系
Be careful with it.	当心它
There is a village over the mountain.	在山巅上有一个村庄
What time do you go to work?	您几点钟上班
Come in.	进来
Tom had nowhere to return to.	汤姆无处可归
A fire broke out the day before yesterday.	前天发生了火灾
Would you mind opening the window?	你介意打开窗户吗
Tom failed to persuade Mary.	汤姆没能说服玛丽
Father ran short of money and had to borrow some.	父亲缺钱
I'm here to assist you.	我来协助你
Come and take a look.	来看看
Tom hasn't yet talked to Mary about that.	汤姆还没跟玛丽谈那事
The problem is Tom.	问题是汤姆
We must do something.	我们必须做点甚么
This is my first time.	这是我的第一次
Tom should be here soon.	汤姆应该很快就到
Where is the cafeteria?	自助餐厅在哪里
This isn't money.	这不是钱
We don't have any more bread.	我们没面包了
Let us go home.	让我们回家吧
She went to the hospital by taxi.	她搭计程车去医院了
Everyone knows me.	大家都认识我
I tried not to wake you up.	我设法不让你醒
Do you like snow?	你喜欢雪吗
Do you know what's happened?	你知道发生了什么事情吗
Please give me a minute to explain.	请给我些时间来解释
My pulse is fast.	我的脉搏很快
He had his wallet stolen.	他的钱包被偷了
I may have made a mistake.	我可能犯了个错
Comb your hair before you go out.	在你出门之前
If you get sleepy, tell me.	困了的话就说哦
He failed to follow our advice.	他没有遵循我们的忠告
I wish I could swim.	我希望我会游泳
How beautiful!	多美啊
Where do you work?	您在哪里工作
Is there anything else you want?	还有什么想要的吗
Tom will never willingly go there by himself.	汤姆绝不会愿意独自去那里
She asked him for help.	她向他求助
Some people clung to tree branches for several hours to avoid being washed away by the floodwaters.	为了不被洪水冲走
Are you absolutely certain about this?	你绝对确定这事吗
Can you wake me up at seven o'clock tomorrow morning?	你明天早上七点可不可以叫我起床
There's no salt left.	没有盐了
There used to be a lot of frogs in this pond.	以前在这个池塘里有许多青蛙
You look as healthy as ever.	你看起来和以前一样健康
I bought a few eggs and a little milk.	我买了几个鸡蛋和一点牛奶
I don't want to hear about it again.	我不想再听到这事
Tom was very sick.	汤姆很虚弱
The artist who illustrated this book is very good.	给这本书画插画的画家很好
Are you looking for something?	你在找什么吗
May I trouble you to shut the window?	可以麻烦你把窗关了吗
Anyone can join.	谁都可以参加
My camera doesn't need to be fixed.	我的照相机不需要修理
What grade is your sister in?	你的妹妹念几年级
We'll find a solution, I'm sure.	我们会找到解决办法的
His intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble.	他的智慧和经验使他能处理这个麻烦
The family is watching a movie together.	这一家人一起看电影
Maybe he won't become famous.	也许他不会成名
Ten teams competed for the prize.	十支队伍竞逐奖项
There's no need to be gentle.	无需仁慈
I'm scared of dentists.	我怕牙医
No one believed what I said.	没有人相信我说的话
Don't let your feelings show.	不要流露你的感情
Help me lift the package.	帮我抬包裹
There is food on the desk.	书桌上有食物
It's time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.	你该上床了
I stayed up late last night.	我昨晚睡得晚
I can't believe it!	我没法相信
My uncle gave me his car.	我叔叔给了我他的车
I got bored with his long talk.	我厌烦了他的长篇大论
The weather is nice tonight.	今晚的天气不错
You have to hurry.	您要赶快些
He gave me a cold.	他把感冒传给我了
My grandmother suffers from osteoporosis.	我奶奶患有骨质疏松症
He was aware that I was around, but didn't come to greet me.	他注意到我在场
All essays must be handed in on time.	所有文章都必须在规定时间内交上来
You should prepare for the worst.	你应该作最坏的准备
I am unable to finish my homework.	我无法完成我的作业
Is this everything?	这就是全部吗
I finally persuaded him to buy it.	我终于说服了他买它
All of us like you very much.	我们都非常喜欢你
You have to sit down.	你得坐下来
People in the United States speak English.	在美国的人说英语
Take your time. There's no hurry.	慢慢来
Let me do that for you.	让我为您做这件事
I always enjoy listening to classical music in my free time.	有空的时候
My hand is so cold I can't feel it anymore.	我的手冷到没有感觉了
I had my wallet stolen.	我的钱包被偷了
Grab that.	抓住那个
He is getting along with his employees.	他和他的员工相处
Malaria is carried by mosquitoes.	疟疾是由蚊子传染的
Tom can't speak much French.	汤姆说法语说得不太好
It's rare to meet nice people like you.	很少能见到像你那么好的人
The weather was not only cold, it was also damp.	天气又冷又湿
The audience was deeply affected.	观众深受感动
Pass me the butter, please.	请把奶油递给我
Tom fell asleep sitting up in the chair.	汤姆坐在椅子上睡着了
Let's go now. Otherwise, we'll be late.	咱们现在走吧
Tomorrow is Mother's Day.	明天是母亲节
I don't get the joke.	我没明白那个笑话
How much money do you have?	你有多少钱
Who is that?	那是谁
Scientists can easily compute the distance between planets.	科学家们可以很容易地计算出行星之间的距离
You should pay more attention to his warnings.	你应该多注意他的警告
You owe me an apology for that.	关于那件事你欠我一个道歉
I wish I were rich.	但愿我很有钱
I think Tom might not want to do that.	我认为汤姆可能不想那样做
She isn't a good cook.	她不是一个好厨师
It's hard to believe.	这让人难以置信
Please help me with my homework.	请帮我做我的家庭作业
I can comfort her.	我可以安慰她
I'm busy cooking at the moment.	我此刻正忙著做饭
Your room is very big.	您的房间很大
How was the interview?	面试怎么样
Please give me your permanent address.	请给我你的永久地址
I told them to send me another ticket.	我请他们再寄给我一张票
I'll treat you.	我请你
I had a neighbor who was blind.	我有个盲邻居
Do you play soccer?	你踢足球吗
I don't know what I'm going to do next.	我不知道接下来我要做什么
You must not stay in bed.	你不能待在床上
We lost the game.	我们比赛输了
Being rejected is painful.	被拒绝是痛苦的
The cat is sleeping on the chair.	猫在椅子上睡觉
Tom is a native speaker of French.	汤姆是法语母语者
I'm sorry. I have another appointment.	很抱歉
Everyone here is afraid of you.	这里每一个人都害怕你
She taught music for thirty years.	她教了三十年的音乐
I'm always forgetting people's names.	我总是忘记别人的名字
What you said about Tom isn't true.	你说的关于汤姆的话不是真的
Which one do you think is correct?	你认为哪一个是正确的
The rumor was without foundation.	谣言是毫无根据的
It's still early.	还早呢
Is it always a sin to tell a lie?	说谎总是一种罪吗
Money talks.	金钱万能
How's your job going?	工作怎么样
They were alone in the library.	他们独自在图书馆里
Tom's delighted.	汤姆兴奋不已
When I woke up, it was snowing.	当我醒来时
He thinks he's so great.	他以为自己很了不起
Whose idea was it?	这是谁的主意
Express your idea clearly.	把你的想法表达清楚
That's right!	对了
You can borrow my car anytime.	你随时可以借用我的车
I need a stamp.	我需要一张邮票
I think it's better not to try it.	我觉得最好别试
Don't pry into the affairs of others.	不要探听别人的事
The offer is too good to turn down.	此提议好得令人难以拒绝
Are you saying that you give up?	你是说你放弃了吗
You don't have to be so formal.	你没必要那么正式
He is old enough to understand it.	他年纪够大可以了解它
Volcanic ash disrupted air travel.	火山灰阻碍航运
I'll join you all later.	我会晚些加入你们
I tried to convince Tom to come home.	我试着说服汤姆回家
Can you speak English?	你们会说英语吗
It was impossible to find an answer.	不可能找得到答案
The water turned to ice.	水结成冰了
It's an artificial flower.	这是朵人造花
An earthquake can happen at any time.	地震随时都可能发生
December has thirty-one days.	十二月有三十一天
The rumor turned out to be true.	这个传闻后来被证明是真的了
Tom is thirty years old.	汤姆今年三十岁
That's not my job.	这不是我的工作
Where did you come from?	你从哪里来
Why were you late this morning?	今天早上你为什么迟到了呢
Mary is interested in politics.	玛丽对政治感兴趣
The acid ate into the metal.	酸性腐蚀了金属
How tall are you?	你多高
He is full of energy.	他充满活力
We can seat you soon.	我们很快就可以安排您入座
Do you have a lot of money with you?	你身上有很多钱吗
I stood waiting for a bus.	我站著等公车
He was brought up in Australia.	他在澳大利亚长大
I'm sick.	我生病了
He has a lot of hobbies.	他有很多兴趣爱好
He thought of a good solution.	他想到了一个解决的好办法
Are you going out tomorrow?	你明天出去吗
She made jam from the apples.	她用苹果做了果酱
Tom disappeared.	汤姆不见了
I cried, too.	我也哭了
I know you think I'm crazy.	我知道你觉得我疯了
Does anyone know Tom?	有人认识汤姆吗
I understand how to solve the problem.	我明白怎么解决问题
They had their houses destroyed by a strong earthquake.	他们的房屋被强烈地震摧毁了
He has been sick for a week.	他病了一星期
If you want it, you can have it.	如果你想要的话
He is able to speak ten languages.	他会讲十门语言
You've got a lot of willpower.	你的意志力很强
He is three years younger than Father.	他比爸爸年轻三岁
Tom didn't show up at the party yesterday.	汤姆昨天没有出现在派对上
He has decided to become a teacher.	他已经决定要成为一名教师
I spent the whole day reading that novel.	我一整天都在看这本小说
Japan produces a lot of good cameras.	日本生产很多好相机
One of the hawk's wings is broken.	鹰的一只翅膀断了
I haven't been sailing for years.	我好久没坐帆船了
Could you please do me a favor?	可否劳驾你帮我个忙
Tom played with his dog.	汤姆和他的狗玩
Thanks for your hard work.	感谢你的劳碌
I thought that Tom would want to know about that.	我本以为汤姆愿意了解这件事
I ate breakfast on my balcony.	我在阳台上吃的早饭
Tom clapped his hands together.	汤姆拍了手
Does Tom drink coffee?	汤姆喝咖啡吗
If it rains tomorrow, we will go there by car.	如果明天下雨
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.	佛罗伦萨是意大利最美丽的城市
Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.	每个人都在谈论天气
When did you learn to swim?	你什么时候学会游泳的
I'd rather avoid it.	我宁愿避免这种事
Who was this picture painted by?	这幅画是谁画的
The price of rice has come down.	米价下跌了
He has three brothers.	他有三个哥哥
You're sharp.	你很聪明
I don't know if she wants to go with me.	我不知道她想不想和我一起去
She was born last year.	她去年出生
I'll stop by the post office on the way home.	我会在回家的路上顺便去邮局
I have only five thousand yen.	我只有
He has two daughters.	他有两个女儿
I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name.	我听到车站外的人群中有人在叫我的名字
Mary is a wonderful woman.	玛丽是个了不起的女人
You don't have to eat it.	你不必吃
I haven't quite finished eating.	我还没有完全吃完
We had a good time playing chess.	我们下棋玩得很开心
The train arrived on time.	火车准时到了
Tom asked for Mary's permission to leave early.	汤姆请玛丽允许他早走
I hope Tom can do what we asked him to do.	我希望汤姆能做我们让他做的事
They're young, but they have experience.	他们还年轻
She acknowledged that my statement was true.	她承认我的声明是真实的
We'll stay quiet.	我们会保持安静
He told me his life's story.	他跟我讲了他的人生故事
Tom is wearing the same clothes he wore yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
Have you all eaten?	你们吃饭了吗
I'm doing my homework.	我正在做我的作业
Don't you think it's strange that he's not here?	他不在这儿你不觉得这很奇怪吗
I wish I had a car.	但愿我有一辆车
I am not married.	我单身
Tom looked around, but saw no one.	Tom	看了看周围
We have run out of cream.	我们没奶油了
I walked along the river.	我沿着河走了段路
It was just a joke. Lighten up!	只是个玩笑
The bottle smashed to pieces.	瓶子摔成了碎片
Why are your ears so big?	为什么你的耳朵这么大
I can barely stand his behavior.	我难以容忍他的行为
I'd like to talk about your situation.	我想谈谈你的情况
We'll be profitable this year.	今年我们会盈利的
The horse stopped and refused to go any further.	马停了下来
Don't leave me alone, please.	拜托
The soup is too hot.	汤太烫了
She speaks relatively fast.	她说话相当快
Are you saying Tom's hiding something from us?	你说
His mother is an English teacher.	他的母亲是一位英语教师
My mother is reading a magazine.	我妈妈正在读一本杂志
Tom is a bookworm.	汤姆是只书虫
The cab driver wasn't seriously injured.	出租车司机没有受重伤
There's no use making excuses.	借口是没用的
School finishes before noon on Saturdays.	学校在星期六中午之前放学
Which is your book?	哪本是您的书
My brother gave me a cute doll.	我哥哥给了我一个可爱的娃娃
I felt my hands tremble.	我感觉到我的手在震动
I bought a round-trip ticket.	我买了往返的票
Tom is a scumbag.	汤姆是个无赖
What's your favorite beverage?	你最喜欢的饮料是什么
He took me for an Englishman.	他误以为我是一个英国人
Tom's intentions were quite clear.	汤姆的目的很明显
I wish I could go with you.	我希望能跟你走
Your second button is coming off.	你的第二颗钮扣快掉了
We're at war with Japan.	我们在跟日本打仗
That wasn't what I intended.	这不是我的初衷
He's good at flying kites.	他擅长放风筝
Call Tom and Mary this evening.	今晚给汤姆和玛丽打电话
You can't say no.	你无法说
How about another round?	再来一轮怎么样
She walks.	她在行走
Tom is very courageous, isn't he?	汤姆非常勇敢
He got angry.	他生气了
Now it's my brother's turn.	现在轮到我兄弟了
You don't have to stay in the hospital.	你不必要呆在医院
What are you hinting at?	你们在暗示什么
Tell Tom I need to borrow his car.	告诉汤姆我需要借他的车
It's a pity that you can't join us.	你不能和我们一起来真可惜
He could not swim.	他不能游泳
She sang a Japanese song for us.	她为我们唱了一首日文歌
This is very good soil.	这是非常好的土壤
That’s what we heard.	这都是咱们听说的
Tom is more famous than you.	汤姆比你有名气
I was born on October 10th, 1972.	我在一九七二年十月十日出生
I can't believe Tom was able to do this all by himself.	没法相信
I'm a little tired.	我有点累
That's absolutely right.	那是绝对正确的
Spring is just around the corner.	春天就要来了
He put on an air of innocence.	他摆出一副无辜的样子
I'm so fat.	我好胖哦
Where does she want to go?	她想去哪里
We can do nothing.	我们什么都做不了
Did you kill Tom?	是你杀了汤姆吗
These are pens.	这些是笔
How long do you plan to stay in this country?	你打算在这个国家待多久
Tom left for school at 7:30.	汤姆
I followed the deer's tracks.	我跟着鹿的踪迹
I'm not that kind of person.	我不是这种人
It's lunch time.	午餐时间到了
I have no doubt about it.	我没有疑问
Fruit is very good for your body.	水果对身体非常好
It's only two miles to the village.	到村庄只有两英里
I hate my neighbors.	我讨厌我的邻居
You don't need to worry.	你不必著急
I'll give you anything you want.	我会给你任何你想要东西
I love my work very much.	我非常喜欢我的工作
Are you sure you know how to do this?	你真的知道这个怎么做吗
Where's your brother?	你的哥哥在哪里
You owe me the truth.	你欠我一份真相
He ran so fast that he was out of breath.	他跑得太快
It wouldn't be wise to ignore Tom completely.	完全忽视汤姆不会是明智的
I can't concentrate on my work because of the noise.	由于噪音
A gentleman wouldn't do such a thing.	一个绅士是不会做这种事的
Do you have a driver's license?	你有驾驶执照吗
I bought a dozen pencils today.	我今天买了一打铅笔
Clothes make the man.	人要衣装
I need to charge my cellphone.	我需要给手机充电
I couldn't find it anywhere.	我在任何地方都没能找到
This tie doesn't go with my suit.	这条领带跟我的西装不配
I'm very uncomfortable around children.	我被小孩围着非常不舒服
Are you coming tomorrow?	你明天要来吗
I must do that carefully.	我必须仔细做
Tom loves to sing.	汤姆爱唱歌
I got arrested.	我被逮捕了
Did you bring them?	你把它们带来了么
Thank you for inviting me to dinner.	谢谢你邀请我吃饭
I am going to stay here for a couple of days.	我将要在这里待几天
Why don't you go to sleep?	你怎么不睡觉呢
Do you still have my phone number?	你还有我的电话号码吗
Tom has a reservation.	汤姆有预约
No one understands me.	没人理解我
It is no use worrying about it.	担心它是没有用的
He decided to become a pilot.	他决定成为一名飞行员
I suggest we move to a safer location.	我建议我们去个更安全的地方
We have a door between our offices.	我们的办公室之间有扇门
That's a book.	那是一本书
The leaves will turn red in two or three weeks.	再过两三周
Tom certainly is a good teacher.	汤姆确实是位好老师
They drive on the left in England.	在英国开车要靠左行驶
You should be careful not to become overconfident.	你要注意不要太自信
This should be a lot of fun.	这应该很有意思
Tom said that Mary was probably still studying French.	汤姆说玛丽可能还在学法语
Have you eaten yet?	你们吃饭了吗
I know the feeling.	我知道那种感觉
There are a lot of hot springs in Japan.	日本有很多温泉
Get down from there.	从那儿下来
Problems that can be solved with money are not real problems.	钱可以解决的问题都不是问题
Tom didn't want to work in Boston.	汤姆不想在波士顿工作
Can you help me a little?	你能帮我一点忙吗
May I borrow your car?	我可以借用你的车吗
She knows a lot about the latest fashions.	她很了解最新的时尚趋势
I'm afraid it won't work.	我怕它是行不通的
I began running.	我开始跑
I've finished writing the letter.	我已经写完信了
Tom is a good cook.	汤姆是个好厨师
You look very charming today.	今天你看起来很迷人啊
I have some very good news.	我有一些非常好的消息
She is mad at me.	她跟我生气了
Where is the bus stop for downtown?	到市区的公车站牌在哪里
Does it please you?	它令您快乐吗
A barber is a man who shaves and cuts men's hair.	理发师是为男人刮胡子和剪头发的人
It's really awesome.	太棒了
Where's your hat?	你帽子在哪儿
Are you taking any medicine regularly?	你经常服用任何药物吗
I don't remember much about that woman.	我对那位女士印象不深
I can recommend this book to you.	我可以向你推荐这本书
I was in Tokyo yesterday.	我昨天在东京
I wasn't drunk.	我没醉
The boy remained silent.	男孩依旧沉默不语
It depends on the context.	这得看情况
I heard someone call my name.	我听见有人叫我的名字
I'm going to join a demonstration.	我要参加一个示威游行
Let us know whether you can come.	让我们知道你是否能来
He treats me like his slave.	他对待我就像他的奴隶
Tom told me that he was coming back.	汤姆告诉我他正在回来
Since he didn't know what to say, he remained silent.	自从他不知道该说什么的时候
You seem like a very smart person.	你看起来像一个聪明人
What did she buy at the shop?	她在店里买了什么
I love apple juice.	我爱苹果汁
Don't ask me for money.	不要问我要钱
I have a stupid question.	我有一个挺蠢的问题
It's great! You'll laugh for sure.	太棒了
You are very brave.	你非常勇敢
The dog is blind in one eye.	那狗一只眼是瞎的
You have to quit smoking.	你必须戒烟
We understand.	我们明白
Your dog is very big.	您的狗非常胖
I believed you.	我信过你
Tom set the bird free.	Tom	将鸟放走
He can't buy himself a car.	他不能买车
I'm proud that my father is a good cook.	我爸爸能做一手好菜
You're the best man for the job.	你是最适合做这份工作的人
Sit down.	请坐
I told her what should be done.	我告诉了她应该做什么
It's a quarter to three.	现在是两点四十五分
Tom can't ride a horse.	汤姆不能骑马
Something's wrong with my camera.	我的相机有毛病
How about you?	你怎么样
I bought her a new car.	我给她买了辆新车
Be sure to pick up some milk.	务必要买一些牛奶
I'm sure that this is a fresh water fish.	我肯定这是淡水鱼
I don't really read newspapers.	我不太看报纸
How are you doing?	你们好吗
This is just wrong.	这就是错的
We're both here for the same reason.	我们来这里是为了同一个原因
I want to tell Mary I love her.	我想告诉玛丽
I deleted my Facebook account.	我删除了我的
I don't see any reason why I have to apologize.	我没发现任何我该道歉的理由
I want to see a movie.	我要去看电影
You have something stuck in your teeth.	牙齿卡了点东西
The railroad is parallel to the road.	铁路与公路平行
I have two children away at university.	我有两个出去上大学的孩子
Tom isn't going to be happy.	汤姆不会高兴
Sentences begin with a capital letter.	句子以一个大写字母开头
I think Tom really likes Mary.	我认为汤姆真心喜欢玛丽
You have changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.	你变了那么多
Tom typed in the password.	汤姆输入密码
I'm prepared to accept the consequences.	我准备好了承担后果
At what age do you want to get married?	你想到几岁才结婚呢
This house belongs to my uncle.	这栋房子属于我的叔叔
You may go anywhere you like.	你喜欢去哪儿就可以去哪儿
Tom may have left already.	汤姆可能已经走了
He asked me if I liked mathematics.	他问我喜不喜欢数学
The meeting will be held tomorrow.	会议将于明天举行
Were you expecting to win?	你打算赢吗
Have a nice flight.	飞行愉快
It was very cold yesterday morning.	昨天早上很冷
Please take me to the hospital.	请带我去医院
Are you really from here?	你真的来自这里
I know what's in the box.	我知道盒子里有什么
Tom told Mary she couldn't do that.	汤姆告诉玛丽她不能做那件事
I know that you still miss me.	我知道你还是想我的
Please speak as slowly as possible.	请您能不能尽量慢点说
That river flows into the Pacific.	这条河汇入太平洋
Even Tom doesn't do that anymore.	连汤姆都不再做了
Tom looked pretty good.	汤姆看起来很帅
I have to go to bed.	我该上床了
The damage is done.	覆水难收
Thanks to a cold summer, beer has sold poorly.	多亏了冷夏
You had better not start until they arrive.	你最好不要在他们来之前开始
My friend's father is a doctor.	我朋友的爸爸是个医生
Those are encouraging signs.	那些都是好迹象
Tom embraced his son.	汤姆抱他儿子
She didn't have any pencils.	她一支铅笔也没有
I am constantly forgetting names.	我经常忘记别人的名字
My friend was shot.	我的一位朋友被枪杀
Wait!	等等
I was really very happy.	我真的非常开心
It's already time to go home.	已经是时候回去了
He likes hunting.	他喜欢打猎
When Tom found out about that, he was furious.	当汤姆发现这件事时
The town was full of activity.	小镇充满了活力
I am a bachelor.	我单身
How are you feeling?	你感觉如何
She put the money in the bank.	她把钱放在银行里
Tom gets up at six every morning.	汤姆每天早上六点起床
I'm surprised that you're so naive.	我很惊讶你竟然那么天真
I've never seen such a wonderful sunset.	我从没见过那么壮丽的日落景色
They made me captain.	他们让我当了队长
I like your shoes.	我喜欢你的鞋子
Tom said Mary was asleep.	汤姆说玛丽在睡觉
Both brothers are musicians.	两兄弟都是音乐家
I like drawing.	我喜欢画画
If you don't leave, I'll sic my dogs on you.	如果你不离开
My father likes tennis.	我爸爸喜欢网球
It is very simple.	这很简单
This is my problem.	这是我的问题
I can't lend you any money.	我不能借你任何钱
I haven't seen Tom lately.	我最近没看到汤姆
White doves are beautiful birds.	白鸽是种美丽的鸟类
All good things must come to an end.	天下无不散之筵席
I'll provide you with all the necessary information.	我会给你所有必要的信息
I would like mine rare.	我的牛排要生的
Everyone was invited, except for me.	除了我每个人都被邀请了
How did you get to know each other?	你们是怎么互相认识的
She gave in to the temptation.	她屈服于诱惑了
Almost no one believes her.	几乎没人相信她
Don't intrude on her privacy.	不要侵犯她的隐私
Nothing is going his way.	什么都没按他的路子走
I'll call you up tomorrow.	明天我会打电话给你
He was leaning against the wall.	他靠著墙
I worked on the farm all day.	我整天在农场上工作
I told Tom what to do.	我告诉了汤姆要做什么
Tom put a cover over his car.	汤姆给车盖上套
I'll be seventeen next year.	我明年
Could you introduce me to a lawyer?	你能帮我介绍一名律师吗
This dog was born two months ago.	这只狗是两个月前出生的
Tom couldn't see anyone.	汤姆看不到任何人
Something must be done!	必须采取一些行动了
I have to go.	我该走了
I won't be home next Sunday.	我下周日不在家
Have you given Tom the key?	你把钥匙给汤姆了吗
She's just a child.	她只是个孩子
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.	早饭是一天中最重要的一顿饭
Why are your eyes so big?	你的眼睛为什么那么大
The physician prescribed his patient some medicine.	医生给他的病人开了一些药
Do I have to answer all of the questions?	我需要回答所有问题吗
Tom isn't a very nice guy.	汤姆不是个多好的人
He seems to be rich.	他看起来很有钱
We should call the police.	我们该报警
If there's anything urgent, you can get in touch with me.	紧急情况下
I hope I can see you at Christmas.	我期望能在圣诞节见到你
Did you borrow it?	你借它了吗
Do you believe ghosts exist?	你相信鬼存在吗
Did you get my letter?	你收到了我发的邮件了吗
Thank you for the present you gave my son.	谢谢你送给我儿子礼物
English is used by many people.	英语是被许多人使用
How many people have you told?	你跟多少人说了
I hope we find Tom.	我希望我们能找到汤姆
He leaned on his elbows.	他把身子靠在胳膊上
Actions speak louder than words.	行动胜于雄辩
He's sitting at an empty table.	他坐在一张空桌旁
I don't need anybody.	我谁也不需要
I don't go to school on Sunday.	我周日不去学校
Lift your right arm.	举起你的右臂
It's late.	很晚了
Our school library is small, but new.	我们学校的图书馆很小
He stopped reading the newspaper.	他停止了读报
She knows me.	她认识我
The curtain fell.	谢幕了
There isn't a grain of truth in what he says.	他说的没有一句实话
I could swim well even when I was a child.	我很小的时候就游得很好了
I'm not greedy.	我不贪婪
I was fired without cause.	我被无故辞退了
I don't think that she looks like her mother.	我不觉得她像她妈妈
We have two examinations during this term.	这个学期我们有两次考试
I take full responsibility for the action.	我会为这次行动负起全责
Tom told me he was nervous.	汤姆告诉我他紧张
He never goes out late at night.	他从不在深夜出门
To distinguish right from wrong is difficult.	要分清是非是困难的
What's your sister's dog's name?	你姐姐的狗叫什么
We are leaving Japan next month.	我们下个月将离开日本
Don't move, or I'll shoot you.	别动
She has put on weight recently.	她最近增加了体重
I'm just playing the devil's advocate.	我在给魔鬼当辩护士
Tom sat beside Mary.	汤姆坐在玛丽旁边
He has three older sisters.	他有三个姐姐
What do you think I should wear on my date tomorrow?	你觉得我明天约会穿什么好呢
Only 3 out of the 98 passengers survived.	98	名乘客只有
This is a secret just between you and me, so don't let it slip out.	这只是你和我之间的秘密
Do you have change for a dollar?	你有零钱换一元美金吗
Stop yelling!	别再喊叫了
You have done very well.	你做得很好
Don't go to extremes.	别走极端
That house is very small.	这房子非常小
Are you interested in politics?	你对政治感兴趣吗
When did it happen?	什么时候发生的
You can't allow Tom to do that anymore.	你不能再允许汤姆那么做了
His advice is always very sensible.	他的忠告总是很明智
Is it safe to skate on this lake?	在这个湖上滑冰安全吗
I thought it would be worse.	我觉得会更糟
Why don't you give your mouth a rest?	为什么不让你的嘴巴休息呢
A trip to America was equivalent to a two-year salary for her.	去美国旅行一次相当于她两年的工资
He runs in the park every day.	他每天都在公园中跑步
Tom came here to talk to Mary.	汤姆来这里和玛丽谈话
We're in a hurry.	我们很匆忙
Did Tom tell you where he was going?	汤姆告诉你他去哪儿了吗
What's your favorite fruit?	你最喜爱的水果是什么
That plane will take off at five.	那架飞机五点起飞
Is there anything else you want me to do?	你还有什么事情需要我去做的吗
You are not a coward.	您不是个懦夫
You didn't need to come so early.	你不必这么早来
Why not?	为什么不
Do you have any siblings?	你有兄弟姐妹吗
Keep it quiet.	保持安静
She gave birth to her first child at twenty years old.	她在二十岁的时候生下第一个孩子
I think this coat should fit you.	我认为这外套应该适合你
You were late, weren't you?	你迟到了
What would you like to drink?	你们想喝什么
Tom must be crazy.	汤姆一定疯了
I'm never coming back here again.	我不会再回来了
I do not love him anymore.	我已经不爱他了
I called Tom up.	我打电话给汤姆了
The castle is beautiful.	这个城堡好美
He's about the same age as you are.	他跟您年纪差不多
What have you come here for?	您来这儿干嘛
We can't keep this a secret forever.	我们不能永远把它当秘密守住
You're frightening me.	你在吓我
The picnic was called off because of the rain.	由于下雨
I like to run.	我喜欢跑步
Don't go over the speed limit.	不要超速
Where have you been?	你一直在哪里
I lost my inspiration.	我丢了我的灵感
That's quite meaningless.	这毫无意义
Tom is taking a day off.	汤姆在休一天假
He is not a doctor but a teacher.	他不是医生
Open your mouth and close your eyes.	张开嘴巴闭上眼睛
She still hasn't heard this news.	她还没听到这个消息
Why did you quit?	你为什么辞职
Have you ever dyed your hair?	你染过头发吗
What do you do here?	你在这里做甚么
My foot hurts.	我的脚痛
I don't have many friends.	我朋友很少
Does he have any brothers?	他有任何的兄弟吗
Have you checked our supplies recently?	你最近检查我们的补给了吗
I worked hard last month.	我上个月很努力工作
This dictionary has about 40,000 entries.	这本字典包含了约
There's no point in trying again.	再试也无济于事了
What does PTA stand for?	PTA	代表什么意思
Check your dictionary.	查词典
Have you turned in your report?	你交报告了吗
There is a lot of snow on the roof.	房顶上有很多雪
Tom has a big appetite.	汤姆胃口很大
He worked last night without taking a break.	他昨晚都在工作
Maybe you'd better come with us.	也许你最好和我们一起来
Your suggestion is worth considering.	你的建议值得考虑
How many brothers do you have?	你有多少兄弟
I walked three-fourths of a mile.	我走了四分之三英里
I only know him by name.	我只知道他的名字
He doesn't work here anymore.	他不再工作于此
There used to be a big pine tree in front of my house.	以前我家前面有棵大松树
It's too big.	它太大了
She employed him as a programmer.	她雇用他作程式设计师
I was busy packing, because I was leaving for France in two days.	我当时正忙着打包
Did you play tennis yesterday?	你昨天打网球了吗
He didn't listen to music.	他没有听音乐
My son is ten years old.	我儿子十岁了
She loves children.	她爱孩子
He attributes his success to good luck.	他将他的成功归功于好运
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.	自从她在厨房里摔倒后
He catches colds very easily.	他很容易感冒
I wake up at eight.	我八点起床
Tom doesn't know how bad it is.	汤姆不知道它有多坏
I broke the lock opening the door.	我开门的时候弄坏了锁
I can't believe you were the smartest kid in your class.	我不敢相信你是你们班里面最聪明的孩子
She didn't like him.	她不喜欢他
They are very big apples.	他们是非常大的苹果
May I use your telephone?	我能用你的电话吗
We're expecting a good harvest this year.	我们期望今年丰收
It doesn't matter what you think.	你怎么想无关紧要
I slept only two hours.	我只睡了两小时
My friends all call me Tom.	我的朋友都叫我汤姆
You and he are both very kind.	你和他都很友好
When do you eat turkey?	你什么时候吃火鸡
Would you please give me some more tea?	你能再给我点茶吗
My uncle gave me a book.	我的叔叔给了我一本书
Tom thinks that he's related to me.	汤姆认为他跟我有关系
I don't like to mix business with pleasure.	我不喜欢把生意和快乐混在一起
My mother gets up earlier than anyone else.	妈妈起得比谁都早
Where were you yesterday?	您昨天在哪儿
Carry on with your work.	继续工作
Tom put a lot of honey on his toast.	汤姆往他的吐司上放了许多蜂蜜
They made us work all day.	他们让我们工作了一整天
She's sitting on the bench.	她坐在长椅上
What are your thoughts on this?	你觉得这个怎么样
My pen is new.	我的钢笔是新的
You can't say that.	你不能这么说
Were you a soldier?	你是士兵吗
I actually agree with you.	我确实同意你的想法
I'm your sister.	我是你的妹妹
I don't know who he is.	我不知道他是谁
Tom is your brother.	汤姆是你的兄弟
That's Greek to me.	看起来像天书
He looks like an honest man.	他看起来忠厚老实
He told me that whatever might happen, he was prepared for it.	他告诉我不论发生什么
Help yourself to whatever you like.	你想吃什么就吃什么
What kind of work will you do?	你将做什么样的工作
He wrote a book about a jungle adventure.	他写了一本关于丛林冒险的书
Ten to one it'll clear up in an hour or so.	天气八成在一个小时之内就会放晴
What do you want to say to me?	你想对我说什么
I almost didn't visit Australia.	我差点没去澳大利亚
The thief got away with the money.	小偷带著钱逃跑了
I'm going to get rid of all this stuff.	我要摆脱这一切
If a man had 11 sheep and all but 9 died, how many sheep would he have left?	如果一个人有
His daughter has become a beautiful woman.	他的女儿已经成为了一个漂亮的女人
Tom's dog bit him playfully.	汤姆的狗咬他玩
Mary arrived at the hospital.	玛丽到了医院
How do you pronounce this word?	你们怎么读这个词
There's no doubt.	毫无疑问
I had intended to go there.	我本来打算去那里
Let's meet at the station at eight tomorrow morning.	明早八点车站见
I can't sleep well.	我睡不好
I wonder if Tom likes me.	我不知道汤姆是否喜欢我
I'm glad someone told me.	真高兴有人告诉我
Here's an even better one.	这里有个更好的
I know it's time to go, but I want to stay longer.	我知道该走了
Tom comes home every day at 2:30.	汤姆每天
I tried to keep from crying.	我努力忍住哭
Tom asked a few questions.	汤姆问了几个问题
We hardly have time to eat breakfast.	我们几乎没空吃早饭
Are you closer to your mother or to your father?	你和爸爸更亲还是妈妈更亲
I really enjoyed last night.	我昨晚真尽兴
I'm a little angry with you.	我对你有一点生气
I'm going to propose to her.	我打算向她求婚
It really is very annoying.	真是烦死了
This is typical.	这是典型的
They are having a party tomorrow.	明天他们将举行派对
Tom always gets lost if he doesn't carry a map.	汤姆每次要是不带地图的话就会迷路
His help has been invaluable.	他的援助真是雪中送炭
Are we done?	我们完成了吗
He wanted to get his shirts washed.	他想要把他的衬衫洗干净
You'll find it difficult to meet her requirements.	你会发现难以满足她
I'll call you later.	我晚点打给你
I'll never make it.	我做不到
There's an old movie theater in town.	城里有一家古老的电影院
You only gave me fifty cents.	你只给了我五十美分
An old man broke into our conversation.	一位老人打断了我们的谈话
The doctor may have said so.	医生也许这么说过
The meal satisfied his hunger.	这顿饭让他充饥解饿了
Tom said he was curious.	汤姆说他很好奇
The only useful answers are those that raise new questions.	只有能提出新问题的回答才是有用的回答
I have seen the film before.	我已经看过这部电影了
Tom put a stack of letters on Mary's desk.	汤姆把一叠信放在玛丽桌上
They kept me waiting for an hour.	他们让我等了一个小时
She used to work for our company.	她以前在我们公司工作
Let me try another one.	让我试试别的
Tom didn't seem to want to tell me why he'd done that.	汤姆似乎不想告诉我为什么他要那样做
I have what you need.	我有你需要的
Perfect!	完美
They're plotting to kill the king.	他们正密谋要杀害国王
They made their way through the crowd.	他们从人群中挤过去了
Tell me again.	重新告诉我
I love her so much that I can't leave her.	我如此地爱她所以我无法离开她
A true scientist would not approach the question this way.	真正的科学家不会这样去思考
I am not a student.	我不是学生
He will come back sooner or later.	他迟早会回来的
How about eating out this evening for a change?	你说今晚改变一下
I believe you're honest.	我相信你是诚实的
Are you brushing your teeth properly?	你正确地刷牙吗
Do you know how to drive this thing?	你知道怎么驾驶这玩意儿吗
I thought pizza was what you wanted to eat.	我认为你想吃的是比萨
She said that she was ill.	她说她病了
Tom sold Mary his car.	汤姆把他的汽车卖给了玛丽
We must follow the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
I'll eat it here.	我会在这里把它吃了
There was a minute of silence and then everybody started screaming.	有一分钟的沉默
From now on, try harder.	从现在起
Everyone knew Tom could speak French well.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
He works in a big city hospital.	他在一间很大的市立医院工作
What's the minimum wage in your country?	你的国家的最低工资是多少
He has lots of money.	他有很多钱
He's doing his best.	他在全力以赴
One who has everything can lose everything.	拥有一切的人可能会失去一切
I think it won't rain tomorrow.	我认为明天不会下雨
When will it start?	什么时候开始
Can you pass me the milk?	可以把牛奶递给我吗
Now who's going to help you?	现在谁要帮你
Fasten your seat belt.	系上您的安全带
Please show me your stamp album.	请让我看看你的集邮册
Tom sat down.	汤姆坐下了
The phone rang when I was having lunch.	当我正在吃午餐时
I can't make that decision for you.	我没有办法替你做这个决定
He gave us the signal to begin.	他给了我们信号让我们开始
Tom speaks without thinking.	汤姆不假思索脱口而出
I don't like my hair at all.	我根本不喜欢我的头发
My head aches.	我头痛
Do you think you could do better?	你觉得你能做得更好吗
This product claims to help you lose weight.	这个产品称它能帮助你减肥
Tom said that the noise bothered him.	汤姆说噪音打扰了他
How much money did you spend in Boston?	你在波士顿花了多少钱
You have to do it by yourself.	你必须独立完成
I can't bend my right arm.	我无法弯曲我的右手臂
I helped my brother move his desk.	我帮我弟弟搬了他的书桌
Wolves scare me.	狼吓到了我
This shirt doesn't go with that tie at all.	这件衬衫跟那条领带不搭
Could you keep this luggage until 3 p.m.?	你可以保管这个行李直到下午三点吗
What's your favorite nursery rhyme?	你最喜欢的儿童歌曲是哪首
Someone is standing behind the wall.	有人站在墙后
I'd like to get home by five.	我想在五点前到家
They don't know each other very well.	他们不太认识对方
Do you remember us?	你还记得我们吗
Is it cheaper to call after 9:00?	九点以后打电话比较便宜吗
Tom is a professor, isn't he?	汤姆是一名教授
There's something I have to say.	有些事我必须说
He is familiar with Japanese culture.	他熟悉日本文化
I ate a hasty lunch.	我匆忙的吃了午餐
During the Depression in the 1930's, many wealthy people lost everything in the stock market crash.	在十九世纪三十年代的大萧条时期
The only thing I have now are memories.	我现在仅有的东西就是我的记忆了
We lost our cat and Tom found it for us.	我们弄丢了车
Did you phone Tom?	给汤姆打过电话了吗
They gave in to my opinion.	他们屈服于我的看法了
Do you promise?	你保证吗
I missed the last train.	我错过了最后一班火车
"Let's go," he said to me.	"	咱们走吧
Acid rain isn't a natural phenomenon.	酸雨不是自然现象
I just talked to the person in charge.	我刚跟主管人谈过
Someone is watching you.	有人在看著你
She greeted us with a smile.	她面带微笑向我们打招呼
It's my belief that knowledge is power.	我相信
I am online.	我上网了
Tom has many talents.	汤姆多才多艺
For that reason, he lost his job.	因为那个原因
Tom doesn't have any shoes on.	汤姆没穿鞋
He likes listening to the radio.	他喜欢听广播
He was kind enough to lend me some money.	他够大方
We're eating bread.	我们在吃面包
In the morning, I write in the park.	我每天早上在公园写作
This dress is a good bargain.	这条连衣裙很便宜
I don't need you or anybody else.	我不需要你或别的人
I have a lot of problems at the moment.	目前我问题很多
I haven't eaten for many days.	我好多天没吃东西了
His record is a new world record in the 100-meter dash.	他刷新了百米短跑的世界纪录
I can't stand it.	我不能忍受
No one can escape growing old.	没有人能逃过衰老
He behaves as if he were insane.	他表现得像疯了一样
I couldn't enter because the door was closed.	我因为门关著进不去
Tom already has a plan.	汤姆已经有个计划
She asked me if anything was the matter.	她问我是不是发生了什么事
The problem's been solved.	问题已解决
Tom is in the house.	汤姆在这栋房子里
Would you please have a look at these papers?	请你看看这些文件
There are no cars on the street.	路上没什么车
Tom told me that he'd give me that book if I wanted it.	汤姆说过
We played soccer yesterday.	我们昨天踢了足球
I've lost one of my folders.	我丢了我的一个文件夹
The dictionary on the desk is mine.	书桌上的词典是我的
It is a sheer waste of time.	这完全是浪费时间
In Canada, there are many areas where it is illegal to log trees.	在加拿大有很多区域砍伐树木是非法的
My boat is small.	我的船是小的
Do you want anything to eat?	你想吃点东西吗
We don't like rain.	我们不喜欢下雨
Please turn off the TV.	请把电视关掉
I felt sad and lonely.	我感到凄清与孤独
He has a wife and two young children to provide for.	他有一个妻子和两个孩子要养活
I stayed home because of the rain.	因为下雨
I can't thank you enough.	我无法表达我对你的感谢
I can eat anything but onions.	除了洋葱我什么都可以吃
I just don't want to marry Tom.	我只是不想和汤姆结婚
She takes a shower every morning.	她每天早上都冲澡
I'm twelve.	我十二岁了
My father quit drinking.	父亲戒酒了
My mother is busy in the kitchen.	我的母亲在厨房里正忙著
Excuse me for interrupting you.	对不起
People may not remember that.	人们可能不记得那件事了
Once you have formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.	坏习惯一旦被养成
There are twenty-four hours in a day.	一天有二十四个小时
Rome was not built in a day.	罗马不是一天建成的
I think what you say is true.	我觉得你说的是真的
I guess they really weren't so happy.	我猜他们真的不太高兴
My uncle has lived in Paris for ten years.	我叔叔在巴黎住了十年
This is just a hypothesis.	这只是个假设
The toilet is backed up.	厕所塞住了
I don't have a computer.	我没有电脑
I want to go ice skating.	我想去滑冰
Tom was advised by Mary not to go there by himself.	玛丽建议汤姆不要独自去
I heard it on the radio.	我从收音机听到它
I ran as fast as possible.	我尽可能地跑快一点
There was a sudden change in her tone.	她声调突然变了
Every now and then he drops in at this bookstore on his way home from the office.	有时从办公室回家的路上他会到这家书店看一看
She expressed her feelings for nature in a poem.	她通过一首诗表达了她对大自然的感受
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened.	他继续读书
Frankly speaking, I don't agree with you.	实话说
You may take this.	您可以拿着这个
Is there anything I can do for you?	我能为您做些什么吗
The baby started crying.	宝宝开始哭了
I want to drink something cold.	我想喝冷饮
How long have you lived in Japan?	你在日本住多久了
Are you all listening to me?	你们在听我说吗
I'm starting to agree with you.	我开始同意你的想法了
Please speak in a louder voice.	请说话大声一点
He likes to listen to the radio.	他喜欢听广播
Did Tom actually say that?	汤姆真的那么说了吗
Admission is $3.00 at the door.	入场费是
He told me that he was busy then.	他告诉我他那时很忙
If her temperature goes up, send for the doctor.	如果她的体温上升
What's the name of this tune?	这歌叫什么名字
The design itself is flawed.	设计本身有问题
"Would you like some tea?" "Yes, please."	"	来杯茶怎样
Fear quickly turned into anger.	恐惧很快变成愤怒
He is anxious to know the result.	他迫不及待地想要知道结果
I'm Tom's father.	我是汤姆的父亲
Go home.	回家
Tom said that he didn't want to waste time arguing.	汤姆说他不想把时间浪费在争论上
My mother told us an interesting story.	我的妈妈给我们讲了个有趣的故事
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.	兔子长着长长的耳朵和短短的尾巴
We fixed that pretty quickly.	我们很快修好了
Learning French isn't difficult.	学法语不难
What else have you figured out?	你还发现什么了
I wonder who has come.	我想知道谁来了
There is a bag on the desk.	书桌上有一个包
That's why he got angry.	那就是他生气的理由
How was the food?	食物怎么样
I'm short of cash at the moment.	此刻我缺少现金
I'd like seats on the first floor.	我想要一楼的座位
She was amazed to hear the news.	她听到那个消息后惊呆了
Could you tell me where I can get a bus?	你能告诉我能在哪里上公交车吗
She never wears green.	她从来不穿绿色的衣服
Who said that to you?	是谁给你说那个的呢
Tom isn't an angel.	汤姆不是天使
I'd like for you to go.	我希望你去
I'd be crazy to do that.	我做那事会疯
Please wait for me at the station.	请在车站等我
I don't want everyone to think I'm stupid.	我不想让任何人认为我傻
Learning foreign languages is boring.	学外文很无聊
The cost of living has gone up.	生活费提高了
Tom pushed his way through the crowd.	汤姆从人群中拥出来
I asked her a difficult question.	我问了她一个难题
Which do you like better, spring or autumn?	春天和秋天
It seems that most people only barbeque in the summer.	人们似乎只在夏天烤肉
I don't remember any of it.	我对这些都没有印象
The king governed the country.	国王统治了这个国家
Is it far?	远吗
I admire his courage.	我很佩服他的勇气
I can't do it.	我做不到
Switzerland is situated between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.	瑞士位于法国
Send for a doctor at once.	立即送医
Her skin is smooth.	她的皮肤光滑
They won't find Tom.	他们不会找到汤姆
What's the time in Boston now?	波士顿现在几点
Please close the door.	请关门
The pond is 3 meters deep.	这个池塘有三米深
She's my older sister.	她是我的姐姐
Are you certain about this?	对此你确定吗
I'm stuck in my job.	我被工作困住了
I can't make an exception.	我不能破例
You'd better wait until the police come.	你最好等到警察前来
Tom knows that we aren't happy.	汤姆知道我们不高兴
She had the decency to apologize.	她大方地道歉
Tom will be there for a few days.	汤姆会在几天后后到达那里
These dresses are too large.	这些洋装太大
Your voice reminds me of my late grandmother.	我的声音让我想起了我已故的祖母
They say that he is very rich.	据说他很富有
What is better than friendship?	还有什么比友情更好呢
I didn't know she was married.	我不知道她结婚了
I don't have to clean my room.	我不用打扫房间
Do you have any idea what's been going on?	你知道现在正在发生甚么吗
I don't get what you mean.	我不理解你的意思
He quickly made friends with the new boy on the block.	他很快便与小区里新来的男孩交上了朋友
She can sing better than anybody else in her class.	她唱歌唱得比班上任何一个人好
You look very nice.	你看上去很好
How many boys are in this class?	这个班有多少男生
I like my job very much.	我非常喜欢我的工作
I wouldn't be too surprised if this song became a hit.	如果这歌成名
What's Tom doing?	汤姆在做什么
My brother took me to the museum.	我哥哥带我去博物馆
Good luck. You'll need it.	祝你好运
Do you have a knife?	你有刀吗
This is impossible.	这不可能
Would you pass me the salt?	请你把盐递给我好吗
He betrayed her secret to his friends.	他把她的秘密告诉了他的朋友
I'm very interested in languages.	我对语言很感兴趣
My grandma gave me this necklace.	这条项链是我奶奶送给我的
Blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once.	一口气吹灭生日蛋糕上所有的蜡烛
He and his wife tried to work out their problems, but couldn't.	他和他的妻子试图解决他们的问题
Tom told me he doesn't like carbonated drinks.	汤姆告诉我他不喜欢碳酸饮料
We're staying at our uncle's.	我们待在舅舅家
I'll never forget how helpful you've been.	我永远不会忘记您的帮助
"Tom isn't here." "Then where is he?"	“	汤姆不在那儿
She is very pretty, isn't she?	她很漂亮
I'll lend you my textbook.	我会借给你我的课本
You lied to me, didn't you?	你对我说了谎
Tom likes hot curry.	汤姆喜欢辣咖哩
What we had to do was really quite simple.	我们要做的很简单
Grab him.	抓住他
Restart your computer.	重新启动你的电脑
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain this afternoon.	从天色上判断
I'll call you up later.	我稍后会打电话给你
We haven't lost much.	我们没有失去太多
What's your major?	你的专业是什么
You need not do it at once.	你没必要马上去做
I can usually tell when someone is hiding something from me.	我常常能分辨出来一个人是不是瞒着我什么事情
I have no energy today.	今天我没有精神
I gave up smoking a year ago.	我一年前戒了烟
I'm not used to spicy food.	我不习惯辛辣的食物
He threw a rock into the pond.	他扔了一块石头到池塘里
I will only buy the car if they repair the brakes first.	除非他们事先修好刹车
I don't know when I should be there.	我不知道什么时候要在那里
We want to spend our honeymoon in Australia.	我们想在澳大利亚过蜜月
She wants to move out and find a place of her own.	她想搬出去
I am playing the piano now.	我现在正在弹钢琴
Don't pull my leg!	不要拉我的腿
I did something really stupid.	我做了很蠢的事
Kyoto is famous for its old temples.	京都以古庙有名
It hardly ever snows here in the winter.	这里的冬天很少下雪
I really don't believe so.	我真不这么想
I've always trusted your judgment.	我一直都相信你的判断
It is highly improper.	这实在不合适
All the desk drawers were empty.	所有的办公桌抽屉都是空的
I will never forget the day when I first met him.	我永远不会忘记那天我第一次与他见面
Tom needs encouragement.	汤姆需要鼓励
Tom did an excellent job.	汤姆做得很出色
This guidebook might be of use to you on your trip.	这本导游册子或许会对你的旅行有帮助
I'm not afraid of anything.	我什么都不怕
Back off.	往后退点
Do you have a soup bowl?	你有汤碗吗
I think perhaps you're right.	我猜想你可能是对的
When the cat is away, the mice will play.	猫儿不在
How many children were injured?	有几个小孩受伤了
I anticipate that there will be trouble.	我预料会有麻烦
Seeing the fresh lobster made me hungry.	看见新鲜龙虾
I can't remember any of it.	我对这些都没有印象
I have a reservation for tonight.	我有今晚的预订
Let's go and see as many things as we can.	我们走
There is insufficient light to take pictures.	拍照片光线不够亮
She doesn't want to talk about it.	她不想提了
We should've stayed at home.	我们本来应该留在家里的
You didn't find it, did you?	你没找到
Tom knows all the answers.	汤姆知道所有答案
I got a letter from her today.	我今天收到了她的信
This is not a tiger.	这不是老虎
May I pay with a credit card?	我能用信用卡支付吗
He has ambition, so he works hard.	他有抱负
Dad's in an impatient mood today.	爸爸今天很不耐烦
I had no right to interfere.	我没有权利干涉
If you want to, you can use my car.	如果你愿意
Mary is the prettiest girl in her class.	玛丽是班里面长得最漂亮的女孩
I admit this may not be the best way of doing it.	我承认这可能不是最好的方法
I am terribly hungry.	我肚子饿极了
Could you please not smoke in this room?	请问你能不在房间里吸烟吗
Do you want me to call the police?	你想要我叫警察吗
Tom stood up from his chair.	汤姆从椅子上站了起来
A beautiful woman was seated one row in front of me.	一个美丽的女人坐在我前面一排
I go to the movies every week.	我每周都去看电影
Who is that woman in the brown coat?	那个穿棕色大衣的女人是谁
Don't tell anyone.	别跟任何人说哟
She broke the window on purpose.	她故意把窗户弄坏了
Water freezes at 0 degrees Centigrade.	水在摄氏
Wine is poetry put into a bottle.	酒是灌入瓶中的诗
Since the orbits are elliptical, the planets do not always have the same distance from the Sun.	由于轨道是椭圆形的
Tom didn't seem that happy.	汤姆看来不高兴
She laughed at the sight of his hat.	看到他的帽子
You could have done it.	你本来可以做的
You have cute eyes.	你有一双很可爱的眼睛
It's quarter to eight now.	现在是
The soldiers are ready for battle.	士兵们准备好要战斗了
Spring is my favorite season.	春天是我最喜欢的季节
The food isn't very good here.	这里的食物不是很好
There is a spoon missing.	缺一把勺子
Broccoli is one of the healthiest vegetables.	西蓝花是最健康的蔬菜之一
Wires are used to convey electricity.	电线被用来运送电力
Bring me a bucket of water.	给我一桶水
You can keep this one for yourself.	你可以把这个保留给自己
It is pitch dark.	天色漆黑
I collect dolls from different countries.	我收集各国的娃娃
She left home ten minutes ago.	她十分钟前离家
My album is here.	我的相簿在这里
Can we speak in the hall?	我们能在走廊里说话吗
I opened the door.	我开了门
My ideas are different from yours.	我的想法和你的不同
I bumped into him at the station.	我在车站碰到他
What are you up to these days?	最近在干些什么
I'm on my way to meet Tom at the station right now.	我现在在去车站见汤姆的路上
Quite by chance, I met my old friend at the airport.	很幸运地
I had a funny dream last night.	我昨晚做了一个有趣的梦
Drive on.	往前开
Are you mad?	你生气了吗
You have to be proactive.	你必须积极主动
I'm afraid I've offended you.	我怕我冒犯了你
He likes anything sweet.	他喜欢一切甜的东西
That makes no difference.	这没有任何区别
He has a large farm in Colorado.	他在科罗拉多州有一个大农场
I want to talk to you about something.	我想跟你说点事
Tom is drinking some water.	汤姆在喝点水
If you can't have children, you could always adopt.	如果你不能有孩子
Why should I hire Tom?	为什么我要雇佣
I'm sorry, I don't have change.	对不起
We also went to the temple.	我们也去了庙里
He always takes sides with her.	他总是跟她站在同一边
Could you shut the door?	你能把门关上吗
I've read many kinds of books.	我已经读过很多种类的书了
Look at that tall building.	看那栋高楼
I must help her at any cost.	我必须不惜一切代价帮助她
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.	在俄罗斯的贝加尔湖是世界上最深的湖泊
Where's my wife?	我的妻子在哪里
How much is this camera?	这个相机多少钱
Tom didn't have dinner last night.	汤姆昨晚没吃晚餐
He wrote to me from time to time.	他有时会给我写信
How did you know all that?	你怎么全都知道
Tom says it's quite important.	汤姆说它十分重要
There's a telephone in my room.	我的房间里有一支电话
He is afraid of snakes.	他怕蛇
Just put those packages anywhere.	只要把那些包包放在任何地方都行
Tom is absent.	汤姆缺席
Will I be the only one going to the party?	会不会只有我一个人去聚会
The weather looks good today.	今天天气好像不错
It is an endangered species.	这是一个濒临消失的物种
The teacher said that the earth is round.	老师说地球是圆的
You have no right to do that.	你无权那么做
I'd rather walk than take a bus.	我宁愿走路胜过搭公车
I need fresh air.	我需要新鲜空气
What exactly happened there?	那里究竟发生了什么事
These cardboard boxes are a hundred per cent recyclable.	这些纸板盒是百分之百可回收的
Spanish is her native language.	西班牙语是她的母语
I'll stay here for a bit.	我在这待一会
She had the boys paint the house.	她要男孩们粉刷房子
I asked for a table over there.	我在那里要了一张桌子
That changed everything.	那改变了一切
Where is my watch?	我的手表在哪里
This book costs 20 dollars.	这本书二十美元
What are you going to do today?	你今天要做什么
I want to see your older sister.	我想见你姐姐
They're kids.	他们是孩子
Turn left.	向左转
Tom told me that I shouldn't go out alone at night.	汤姆跟我说我不应该晚上一个人出门
I must be leaving now.	我现在必须离开
Are you ready?	你们准备好了吗
I don't think that it's good.	我不觉得它很好
Tom always sings out of tune.	汤姆唱歌总跑调
Please think about the problem.	请想想这个问题
Should we have some lunch?	我们该吃午饭了吧
I have a cow.	我有一头母牛
He wouldn't listen to my advice.	他不听我的劝告
People usually don't like what they don't understand.	人们通常不喜欢他们不理解的事物
A swarm of hornets attacked the children.	一窝黄蜂袭击了孩子们
Meet me at the lobby of the Imperial Hotel at 6:30 p.m.	下午六点半到帝国酒店的大堂找我
He is the manager of the marketing department.	他是营销部的负责人
Someone ate all my cupcakes.	某人把我的杯形蛋糕吃完了
Tom and his wife both grew up in Australia.	汤姆和他的妻子都在澳大利亚长大
I left my briefcase on the bus.	我把我的公事包留在公车上了
He couldn't run very fast.	他无法跑得非常快
He might change his mind.	他可能会改变心意
He rescued the dog at the risk of his own life.	他冒着生命危险救了那条狗
Everybody knows that I don't like Tom.	每个人都知道我不喜欢汤姆
It's taking a little longer than I expected.	我花了比预期更多的时间
My shoes are bigger than yours.	我的鞋比你的大
The girl resembled her mother.	这个女孩很像她的母亲
I had hardly left home when it began to rain heavily.	当雨开始下得很大的时候
I'm too drunk to do that.	我喝醉了
I agree with your opinion.	我同意您的意见
You don't have to do it immediately.	你没必要马上去做
It was really special.	它真特别
No one can help me.	谁也不能帮我
Rice is sold by the kilogram.	米以公斤为单位来出售
We all like cycling.	我们都喜欢骑自行车
I hope you'll get well soon.	我希望您快就会好起来
I want you guys to do me a favor.	我想要大家伙帮我个忙
Tom apologized for what he did.	汤姆为他所做的事道歉
He's started looking for a job.	他开始找工作了
Please hold the line a moment.	请在线稍候
Acid rain is not a natural phenomenon.	酸雨不是自然现象
He promised me he would be here at six.	他答应我六点钟的时候他会在这里
Where are we meeting?	我们在哪里见面
My aunt sent me a birthday present.	我阿姨送了我一个生日礼物
Mother Teresa was given the Nobel prize.	特蕾莎修女被授予诺贝尔奖
How many different kinds of pizzas are on the menu?	菜单上有多少种比萨
You shouldn't talk back to your parents like that.	你不应该对你父母那样顶嘴
I want to visit South Korea.	我想访问韩国
Tom has been lying all along.	汤姆一直在说谎
Tom isn't an idiot.	汤姆不是白痴
I know that it's hard to believe.	我知道
I have no recollection of seeing the man.	我没有见过那男人的印象
How dare you speak like that!	您怎么敢这样说话
They have English lessons three times a week.	他们一周上
What's the price?	多少钱
It was not long before he got well.	不久后
We're going back home.	我们要回家
It is just your imagination.	那只是你的想象
Believe it or not, she has three children.	她有三个孩子
I'm unmarried.	我单身
I am staying with my uncle in Tokyo.	我待在东京的叔叔家
She pulled him out of the mud.	她把他从烂泥中拽出来了
Is this really real?	这真是真的吗
Don't put your elbows on the table.	不要把你的手肘放在桌子上
I'll call you as soon as I've finished.	我办完事会立刻联络你
Winners don't use drugs.	优胜者不使用药物
She forgot to mail the letter.	她忘了寄信
The temperature has suddenly dropped.	气温突然下降了
Now is a great time to buy one of those.	现在是买它的最好时机
Please keep in touch.	请保持联系
With a little more effort, he would have succeeded.	如果他当时再努力一点
It was a bag that I lost in the room yesterday.	那是我昨天落在房间里的包
I might make a mistake.	我可能犯了个错
I don't have any money on me.	我身上没有钱
I want him to play the guitar.	我要他弹吉他
My sister often cries.	我妹妹经常哭
Tom looked well.	汤姆看上去很精神
I'm pregnant.	我怀孕了
I approved it.	我赞同
Please drive the car more slowly.	请开车开慢一点
Today I feel better than I did yesterday.	我今天感觉比昨天好
Don't you think so?	你不这么认为吗
What do you mean?	你想表达什么
You have to study more.	你该学得更多
She kissed him on the cheek.	她在他的脸颊上吻了一下
There are a lot of people in the park.	公园里有很多人
I can't tell you now.	我现在不能告诉你
Look what I made for you.	看我为你做了什么
The dictionary is of great use to me.	这本字典对我很实用
Do you actually believe that?	你真信吗
Mastering a foreign language involves a lot of patience.	学好一门外语需要坚韧不拔的毅力
Pride cometh before a fall.	骄傲是失败的先行者
It makes me feel sad.	这让我感到沮丧
You'll need their help.	你会需要他们的帮助
His son wants to be a lawyer.	他儿子想当律师
I need something to write with.	我需要一些用来写字的东西
He is a fishmonger.	他是卖鱼的
Ten minutes later, our car ran out of gas.	我们的车再过十分钟就没油了
He can't help you.	他不能帮你
Buy milk on your way home.	回来的路上买点牛奶
The animals died one after another.	动物一个接一个的死亡
Listen to this.	听听这个
He likes neither baseball nor football.	他既不喜欢棒球
They kissed.	他们亲吻了
Where does it hurt?	哪里痛
I think it was a good day.	我认为那是个好日子
Time passes quickly when we're doing something we like.	在做喜欢的事情的时候时间过去得很快
Who touched my gun?	谁碰了我的枪
Why don't you hug me?	你为甚么不抱我
I'm telling you this confidentially.	这个我只和你说哦
No student went to the party.	没有学生去参加派对
There was a light rain yesterday.	昨天下小雨
She kept on working.	她继续工作
"I saw her five days ago," he said.	他说
That's why I called you.	所以我给你打了电话
I want to clean the house before my parents come.	我想在我父母来之前收拾干净屋子
We know the identity of Tom's killer.	我们知道了汤姆的杀手身份
Tom left a note for Mary on her desk.	汤姆给玛丽在她桌上留了便条
I'd like to have this meat dish with your best white wine.	我想就着你最好的白酒吃肉
Mary went on a voyage around the world.	玛丽去环游世界了
The TV remote control is under the couch.	电视遥控器在沙发下面
I'm very happy to make your acquaintance.	认识您很高兴
Sulfur burns with a blue flame.	硫磺燃烧著蓝色的火焰
I can't find my glasses.	我找不到我的眼镜
I might have forgotten the key.	我可能把钥匙忘了
Tom certainly is greedy.	汤姆确实是贪心的
The baby started to cry.	宝宝开始哭了
Stop gawking.	别再傻看着
That's crazy.	那是疯狂的
I believe that story.	我相信那个故事
Tom is shy and cowardly.	汤姆害羞胆怯
Aren't you the one who saved me?	你不是救过我的人吗
We overslept.	我们睡过头了
There are more clouds today than yesterday.	今天的云比昨天的多
Some scientists believe that the greenhouse effect is imaginary.	有的科学家认为温室效应是虚构的
I got him to repair my car.	我让他修理我的车子
We're still doing well.	我们依然做得很好
I paid $200 in taxes.	我付了两百元含税
It was Marie Curie who discovered radium.	镭是居里夫人所发现的
I intend to study abroad next year.	我打算明年出国留学
I think that would be fun.	我认为那会很有意思
Why isn't that good?	那为甚么不好
Can I hold your hand?	我可以牵着你的手吗
Your work is below average.	你的工作表现低于平均水平
My grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he's alone.	我祖父一个人的时候
On my way to the theater I saw a traffic accident.	在去剧院的路上
You're lying.	你在撒谎
Don't tell anyone that I wet the bed.	别告诉任何人我尿床了
I think I'll stay.	我认我会留下
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is happy or not.	汤姆不知道玛丽是高兴呢
I plan to never drink again.	我打算绝不再喝酒
I have to take the book back to the library today.	我今天必须把书还给图书馆
I remember the first time.	我记得第一次
You'll be answering the phones.	你要接电话
He fell in love with her at first sight.	他对她一见钟情
Isn't that skirt too short?	那条裙子是不是太短了
Don't believe what she says.	不要相信她说的话
No matter what I do, she says I can do better.	不管我做什么
Does Tom play tennis?	汤姆打网球吗
Have you finished your coffee?	你喝完咖啡了吗
I have to explain this to Tom.	我必须向
He failed the entrance exam.	他在入学考试中失败了
We should stop seeing each other.	我们应该停止见面
He calls her up every night.	他每天晚上打电话给她
See you.	再见
He never saw his father again.	他再也没见过他爸
I'll eat here.	我会在这里吃饭
I feel better today than yesterday.	我今天感觉比昨天好
We all miss you very much.	我们都非常想你
I'm waiting for this store to open.	我正等著这家店开门
He made use of the opportunity to improve his English.	他利用这个机会提高英语水平
Tom was a little drunk.	汤姆有点醉
She used to live hand to mouth.	她过去的生活仅够糊口
Tom knows my number.	Tom	知道我的号码
Professional writers do not have a regular income.	专职作家没有固定的收入
I fell in love with her.	我爱上了她
I had a long talk with her.	我和她有一段长谈
It's healthy to breathe deeply.	深呼吸有益健康
Please contact us.	请联系我们
The horse stopped and wouldn't move.	马停了下来
We are having a serious talk about your future.	我们在严肃地谈论你的未来
She gave birth to a healthy baby.	她生下了一个健康的婴儿
My mother never gets up early.	我的母亲从不早起
Tom comes here three or four times a month.	汤姆一个月来这里三四次
War broke out in 1941.	战争于
One of my pleasures is watching TV.	我的一个乐趣是看电视
Send it airmail.	航空邮寄它
I'll go by taxi.	我坐出租车去
I like having breakfast with you.	我喜欢和你一起吃早餐
I don't want to play cards.	我不想玩纸牌
Tom put his hand over the microphone.	汤姆把手放在麦克风上
Wait here till I come back.	在这儿等著
There's an orange on the table.	桌上有一只橙子
Did you call Tom?	给汤姆打过电话了吗
I hope Tom has learned his lesson.	我希望汤姆已经吸取教训了
I can't find my pen.	我找不到我的笔
I don't have a lot of work, but it's enough to keep me in the office this week.	其实我工作并不多
Please put the book on the shelf.	请把书放在架子上
My aunt made a new skirt for me.	我阿姨做了一条新裙子给我
The countryside has many trees.	乡间有很多树
I found the bed quite comfortable.	我觉得这张床相当地舒适
The strong wind indicates that a storm is coming.	强风暗示著即将到来的暴雨
I've already been working here for several hours.	我已经在这里工作几个小时了
Stay out of the rain.	别被雨淋了
A fool and his money are soon parted.	笨蛋难聚财
I have to get my computer repaired.	我必须把我的电脑拿去给人家修理
I was just talking about Tom.	我仅仅是在和
Don't talk nonsense.	别胡说
Our teacher doesn't just speak English, but French too.	我们老师不仅说英语
Sit tight.	耐心等着
Quality is more important than quantity.	数量不如质量
I can't put up with it.	我无法忍受它了
We love Tom.	我们爱汤姆
Why are you crying?	你为什么哭
Tom seems to speak French better than before.	汤姆讲法语好像比以前好
Tom wears a hat every day.	Tom	每天都戴帽子
The bus will take you to the center of the city.	巴士会把你们带到市中心
He would not agree to our proposal.	他不同意我们的建议
Take care.	保重
Nice timing.	好时机
I want it to be different this time.	我想让这次变得不一样
Paper burns quickly.	纸烧得快
He came at three in the afternoon.	他在下午三点钟的时候来了
She asked me whether I liked the plan or not.	她问我喜不喜欢这个计划
I lost my wallet.	我掉了我的钱包
My wife and children depend on me.	我的老婆孩子都依靠我
He bent over backward to please his wife.	他竭尽全力地讨好他老婆
Detroit is famous for its car industry.	底特律因它的汽车工业而出名
Tom lost.	汤姆输了
Please write with a pen.	请用钢笔写
Please tell us what to do next.	请告诉我们下一步要做什么
We got to the station at six.	我们六点钟到了车站
Traffic downtown is all backed up.	市中心的交通都堵塞了
I'm to blame.	这是我的错
As soon as he sat down, he picked up the telephone.	他一坐下
Trim the fat off the meat.	切除这块肉的脂肪
Time waits for no one.	时间不等人
I can't speak Japanese.	我不说日语
Tom has to speak French every day at work.	汤姆每天都要在工作时说法语
You'd better not speak.	你最好不要说
He decided to quit smoking.	他决定戒烟了
I want some orange juice.	我想要一点柳橙汁
This man is not reliable.	这个人靠不住的
Do you know where he was born?	你知道他在哪出生的吗
I want you to meet my parents.	我想让你见见我的父母
I'm just looking around.	我只是到处看看
Where is the nearest police station?	最近的警察局在哪里
There is a path through the wood.	有一个穿过树林的小路
You'd better take an umbrella with you.	你最好随身带把伞
There's something that I want to tell you.	有件事情我要对你说
Maybe Tom did that.	可能是汤姆做的
How long will you stay here?	你会在这儿待多久
Please don't use my name.	请不要用我的名字
I've been lied to by Tom for the last time.	我最后一次被汤姆骗
It's warm for this time of year.	对一年的这个时候来说
This road will take you to the museum.	这条路会引你去博物馆
I can come, too.	我也能去
Nobody knows why he turns down my help.	没有人知道他为何拒绝我帮忙
I refused, of course.	我当然拒绝了
We need some more coffee.	我们需要多一点咖啡
We knew it all along.	我们一开始就知道
Tom is a Canadian.	汤姆是加拿大人
It's very normal.	它很正常
I'm eating rice.	我在吃米饭
Whose shirt is this?	这是谁的衬衫
Visiting all the tourist sights really wore me out.	参观所有观光胜地累坏了我
We can deliver it this evening.	我们今天晚上可以运送它
He looked after the baby.	他照顾孩子
She got her daughter a personal computer.	她给她的女儿买了一台个人电脑
I'm doubling my prices.	我正在把价格涨一倍
Who is playing the piano?	谁在弹钢琴
They were good.	他们不错
How in the world did you do it?	你到底是怎么做的
Can you help us?	你能帮我们吗
He raised his hands.	他举起了他的手
This fork is dirty.	这把叉子是脏的
Could you lend me the book?	你能借我这本书吗
Is it too salty?	还有多余的盐吗
I couldn't answer all the questions.	我不能回答所有的问题
Refugees poured in from all over the country.	难民从整个国家涌来
My opinion is different from yours.	我的想法和你的不一样
I want to be the one who decides.	我想成为决策的人
Tom can take care of himself now.	汤姆现在能照顾自己了
A sponge absorbs water.	海绵吸水
Tom is watching a video.	汤姆在看影片
How often do you use your phone?	你多久用一次手机
That isn't true, is it?	那不对
Fantastic!	很棒
Her English is excellent.	她的英语好极了
When I go on vacation, I'll rent a car.	去度假的时候我要租辆车
Which season do you like the best?	您最喜欢哪个季节
Is anything bothering you?	有什么事让你烦心吗
I don't know any of the five ladies.	这五个女人我一个都不认识
Don't forget me.	别忘了我
Tom has a beautiful car.	Tom	有台靓车
I'm not guilty of anything.	我没有对任何事感到有罪
Yes, of course.	当然是的
He is a head taller than me.	他比我高一个头
Don't bite on the right side.	不要从右边咬
He owes his success to good luck.	他将他的成功归于好运
How much is this pen?	这支钢笔要多少钱
Sunday is not a workday for me.	星期天不是我的工作日
He wants something cold to drink.	他想喝些冷饮
Please help yourself to some fruit.	请随意吃水果
I'm the one who wants to be with you.	我才是那个想和你在一起的人
Soccer is the most popular of all sports.	足球是所有体育运动中最受欢迎的
Tom needs to go to the hospital.	汤姆必须去医院
The suspect's gender is currently unknown.	嫌疑犯目前性别不明
It's not far from here to there.	离这里不远
As time went on, rules were added to the game to make it safer.	随着时间的推移
It's not that far.	不是那么远
What are you driving at?	你们在暗示什么
What's it made of?	这是什么做的
We set a trap to catch a fox.	我们设了个陷阱来抓狐狸
I hope we stay in touch.	我希望我们能保持联系
I think we need a doggy bag.	看来我们得打包了
You're stupid.	你很愚蠢
You should pay more attention to what you say.	你应该更注意你说的话
Please join us.	请加入我们
You know very well what I want.	你很清楚我想要什么
Some of the bluest water in the world is found in Crater Lake.	一些世界上最蓝的水在火山湖
Did you write?	你写吗
How did you make a living in Tokyo?	你在东京如何维持生计
He meets his girlfriend on Saturdays.	他每周六和他的女朋友见面
No matter where I go, I get lost.	不论去哪
You ask too many questions.	你问题太多了
We are glad to have you in our class.	我们很高兴你加入了我们班
You owe me thirty bucks.	你欠我三十美元
I booked a seat.	我订了一个位子
Tom told Mary to help John.	汤姆让玛丽幚约翰
I can neither confirm nor deny that.	我既不能确认也不能否定
You're liable for the debt.	你有义务还债
I'm getting choked up.	我快要激动得说不出话来了
But I don't want to.	但是
Oh no!	不会吧
I want to go for a swim.	我想去游泳
Of course!	当然
Tom pretty much forgot about the meeting.	汤姆差不多忘了开会的事儿
My father retired at 65 years old.	我的父亲
It was too difficult for me.	它对我来说太困难了
We are looking forward to seeing you and your family.	我们很期待见到您和您的家人
I'm too busy to help him.	我太忙了
You're very shy.	你很害羞
There used to be a big cherry tree behind my house.	我家后面曾经有棵大樱桃树
An eight-year-old car is almost worthless.	一辆车龄八年的车子几乎是毫无价值的
I studied around the clock.	我夜以继日地读书
Please wake me up at six tomorrow.	请在明天六点叫我起来
Go on with your work.	继续工作
She told us the road was closed.	她告诉我们道路被封闭了
You might not find it.	您可能找不到
Are you talking to me?	你在跟我说话吗
Please turn off the television.	请把电视关掉
Sorry, I made a mistake.	对不起
Are you happy now?	你现在高兴吗
Why are they angry?	他们为什么在生气
To tell the truth, I don't agree with you.	实话说
I won't do this again.	我不想再做这个了
I am sure that he is an honest man.	我确定他是个老实人
This is the best restaurant I know.	这是我所知道的最好的餐厅
I hope Tom isn't angry.	我希望汤姆不生气
I'm sorry to put you through that.	很抱歉让你遭这罪
I'm married.	我结婚了
Tom applauded.	汤姆拍了手
Tom was conservative.	汤姆过去很保守
What are your names?	你们叫什么名字
Tom's comment was inappropriate.	汤姆的评论不合适
I know you're learning French at school.	我知道你在学校学法语
Would you like something to eat?	您想吃点什么吗
The hunter shot the fox dead.	猎人射杀了狐狸
I paid five dollars for the book.	我花了五元买这本书
I'm not going to say it again.	我不会再说了
Don't forget to sign your name.	不要忘记签上你的名字
You may have been the last person to see Tom.	你可能是最后一个见汤姆的人
We haven't thought about it.	我们还没考虑
A good idea came to him.	他想到一个好主意
Sport knows no borders.	体育无国界
Have a nice trip.	祝顺风
She is fond of animals.	她很喜欢动物
Tom wrote us postcards.	Tom	写明信片给我们
Tom didn't have to thank me.	汤姆不必谢我
I have to stop procrastinating.	我不能再拖延了
Tom has already gone to bed.	汤姆已经睡了
Mary isn't really sick. She's just faking it.	玛丽不是真病
I'm going to register at a gym.	我去注册一家健身房
I think it's dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it's stormy.	我认为在有风暴的时候里登山很危险
Do we know you?	我们认识你么
The wind is blowing from the east.	风从东方吹来
His influence extends all over the country.	他的影响遍及全国
I will be at the meeting.	我会出席会议的
Tom turned out to be a thief.	原来
See how high you can jump.	看看你能跳多高
A big tree fell in the storm.	一棵大树在暴风中倒下
The blackbirds' feathers are black.	乌鸫的羽毛是黑色的
I have two sons.	我有两个儿子
I admitted that I didn't know how to do that.	我承认我不知道怎么做
I had a telephone call from her.	她打了一通电话给我
There has been no rain here for the past two weeks.	这里已经两周没下雨了
I have three times as many books as you do.	我有的书是你的三倍
They all looked for the lost child.	他们都在寻找这个失踪的孩子
He traveled on business.	他旅行洽商
Aren't you a musician?	你不是音乐家
I'm looking forward to seeing him.	我期待再次见到他
I still don't understand what's going on.	我还是不明白出了什么事
This bicycle belongs to me.	这辆自行车属于我
Tom and Mary came to an understanding.	汤姆和玛丽达成了协议
I couldn't understand anything that he said.	我不了解他所说的事情
Fantastic!	好棒
Tom said he'll ask Mary to do that.	汤姆说他会让玛丽去做
Did you forget to lock the door last night?	你昨天晚上忘了锁门吗
I don't know anyone who matches that description.	我不认识符合条件的人
I got five hours sleep last night.	我昨晚睡了五小时
They tasted the bread.	他们尝了面包
The boy I thought was honest deceived me.	那个我以为诚实的男孩欺骗了我
I want some potatoes.	我要几个土豆
A huge monster is coming down the mountain.	从山上走来一只巨大的怪物
Did you go to school?	你去学校了吗
For here, or to go?	内用还是外带
How is life?	生活怎么样
This desk is better than that one.	这张书桌比那张好
Are you busy?	你忙吗
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想落榜
Our teacher gives us a lot of homework.	我们的老师给作业给得很多
I need your passport and three photographs.	我需要你的护照和三张照片
What's the last thing you remember?	你能记起来的最后一件事是什么
I am interested in this story.	我对这个故事感兴趣
They know how to make an atomic bomb.	他们知道如何制造原子弹
I missed the opening ceremony of the Olympics.	我错过了奥运会的开幕式
Do you like to read?	你喜欢阅读吗
You're a better skier than me.	你滑雪比我好
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.	对不起
The sample isn't pure enough.	样本不够纯净
He's about the same age as you.	他岁数和你差不多
How many oranges did Tom eat?	汤姆吃了多少橘子
I don't know what this symbol stands for.	我不知道这个符号代表什么意思
Are you still at the office?	你还在办公室里吗
They killed time playing cards.	他们玩牌来杀时间
My mother was an alcoholic.	我母亲是个酒鬼
He was supposed to come.	他应该来的
Give me three pieces of salmon.	给我三片鲑鱼肉
You'll be able to drive a car in a few days.	几天之后你就可以开车了
He did not appear until about noon.	直到快要中午前他都没出现
I want us to do it together.	我想让我们一起做
I asked Tom why he wasn't here yesterday.	我问汤姆为什么他昨天没在这里
Your parents didn't come, did they?	你的父母没来
She gets up at seven.	她早上
Were you tired last night?	昨晚你累了吗
I think he will do his best.	我认为他会尽力而为
I know that some people value my work.	我知道有些人看重我的工作
Tom fell asleep at the wheel.	汤姆趴在方向盘上睡著了
I always walk to school.	我总是走路到学校
I almost caught the fish.	我几乎钓到了鱼
You look like a little girl.	你看来是个小女孩
I don't know where she lives.	我不知道她住在哪里
Is there a telephone anywhere?	哪里有电话机
The taller the tree, the more likely it is to be struck by lightning.	树高遭雷击
It's important to follow a strict diet.	重要的是要遵循严格的饮食控制
I love barbecue.	我喜欢烧烤食物
Let me see.	让我想一想
So, where's the problem?	所以
There wasn't any furniture in that room.	那个房间里没有任何家具
Do you know of any good restaurant near here?	你知道这儿附近有什么好餐馆吗
She doesn't have the ticket.	她没有票
How long are you going to stay in Japan?	你会待在日本多久
You have three cars, don't you?	你有三辆车对吗
I run every day.	我每天跑步
I like cracking sunflower seeds with my teeth.	我喜欢嗑葵花籽
I just don't want to marry you.	我就是不想嫁给你
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	她整齐地把她的手帕折好
I don't want to cause any more trouble.	我不想再惹事了
Watch him and do the same thing.	看著他并且跟他做同样的事情
I'd like a single with a shower, please.	我要一间有淋浴的单人间
Turn to the left.	向左转
I know the boy standing over there.	我知道站在那里的那个男孩
Tom fell off his bicycle.	汤姆从他的自行车上掉了下来
Tom was waiting inside his cabin.	汤姆在他的小屋里等着
He worked in a big city hospital.	他在一间很大的市立医院工作
They cleared the street of snow.	他们清理了街上的积雪
If there was no sun, all the animals would be dead.	如果没有太阳
I'm not a child, but sometimes you talk to me as if I were a child.	我不是小孩子
I found the boy fast asleep.	我发觉男孩儿酣然入睡了
Tom covered his face with his hands.	汤姆用他的手捂住了他的脸
You're still young.	你还年轻
I know those women.	我认识那些女人
Where're you going?	你要去哪里
The committee meets twice a month.	委员会一个月召开两次
Love is blind.	恋爱使人盲目
I've caught a terrible cold.	我得了一种可怕的感冒
I don't want Tom to see this.	我不想让汤姆看见这个
Children like fruit juice.	孩子们喜欢果汁
It isn't a bug. It's an undocumented feature.	这不是一个漏洞
Tom is the only guy in this class.	汤姆是这个班级里唯一的男生
Put your glasses on.	把眼镜戴上
Will you please hold this edge?	能不能请你拿着这端
Tom didn't say a single word.	汤姆甚么也没说
Please have a look at this book.	请看这本书
I thought Tom would want to know about that.	我本以为汤姆愿意了解这件事
The pastor is in the church.	牧师在教堂里
I'll be back in a jiffy.	我马上就回来
Were you in America last month?	你上个月在美国吗
Are you going to visit any other countries?	你会去访问其他国家吗
Tom said he loved me.	汤姆说他爱我
You have to leave home at six.	你必须在六点钟时从家中出发
His uncle died five years ago.	他的叔叔五年前去世了
The program starts at nine o'clock.	这个节目九点开始
You could say that.	这么说也可以
Give it to them.	把它给他们
Tom refused to answer any questions.	汤姆拒绝回答任何问题
I changed trains at Tokyo Station.	我在东京站换火车
I was unable to complete the task.	我无法完成这个任务
Everyone knows Tom speaks good French.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
Are you serious?	你认真的
Nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner.	没有人明白为什么大象突然攻击了它的主人
I often visit my relatives.	我常常访问我的亲戚
I want Tom to do it.	我要让汤姆去做
There is an apple on the desk.	书桌上有一个苹果
He took me to the park yesterday.	昨天他带我去公园
The arrow indicates the way to go.	箭头表示行进方向
Did you find the book interesting?	你觉得这本书有趣吗
She gave me a shy smile.	她给了我一个腼腆的笑容
His voice is pleasant to listen to.	他的声音听着很舒服
I always take a bath before going to bed.	我睡觉前总要洗个澡
Drive cautiously.	安全地驾驶
I was quite hungry.	我很饿
Am I wrong?	我错了吗
Tom doesn't understand this.	汤姆不明白这事
Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are pliable.	事实是倔强的
Tom is in Boston on business.	汤姆因为工作现在在波士顿
What do you think of it?	你觉得怎么样
Is somebody there?	那边有人吗
He confessed his guilt.	他承认他有罪
My father neither smokes nor drinks.	我的父亲不抽烟也不喝酒
He went back to the store.	他回店里去了
He looks strong.	他看起来很强壮
Sit wherever you like.	你爱坐哪里就坐哪里
We have your size, but not in that color.	我们有你的尺寸
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.	很难在
I weighed myself on the bathroom scales.	我用浴室的体重计量了体重
I know him by sight, but not by name.	我知道他的样子
The bargain sale will run for three days, beginning today.	这场减价活动会持续三天
Tom is in the living room with Mary.	汤姆和玛丽在客厅里
You and I are good friends.	你和我是好朋友
It is rude to laugh at others.	嘲笑别人是无礼的
Come if you can.	你能来就来
He went to see his grandfather off at the station.	他去车站送爷爷了
Try not to get lost this time.	这次别迷路
I'm glad that I was able to help.	能够出一份力太好了
Why are you busy today?	你今天为什么忙
I didn't know Tom was going to be arrested.	我不知道汤姆要被逮捕了
You're absolutely right.	你完全正确
He is a baseball player.	他是个棒球手
She assigned the work to him.	她把这个工作派给他做
I am very, very sorry.	我非常
The strike affected the nation's economy.	罢工妨碍了国家经济
Tom isn't dumb.	汤姆不傻
I will ask him tomorrow.	明天我会问他的
I think so.	我想是这样的
Why did you come here this morning?	今天早上你为什么来这里
What's your favorite way to cook trout?	你最喜欢怎么烧鲑鱼
I saw her enter the room.	我看见她进了房间
Is it you?	是你吗
I've never told anyone about this.	我没跟任何人说过这事
Tom bought a house for Mary.	汤姆给玛丽买了个房子
I sat between Tom and John.	我坐在汤姆和约翰中间
As you sow, so will you reap.	种瓜得瓜
The war ended in 1945.	这场战争结束于
How many people can do that?	有多少人能做
We can help Tom.	我们可以帮汤姆
It's cold this morning.	今天早上冷
Would you please tell me a little about Tom?	你能告诉我一点关于汤姆的事吗
Has anything changed?	有任何事情改变了吗
I want to ask what his phone number is.	我想问他的电话号码是多少
He lived abroad for much of his life.	他大半生都住在国外
Whose house is across from yours?	你家对面的房子是谁的
Someone came.	有人来了
He tiptoed so no one heard him.	他踮著脚尖走
She has to look after her mother.	她必须照顾她的母亲
Happy New Year!	元旦快乐
Arabic is read from right to left.	阿拉伯语要从右往左读
Stock prices plunged to a record low.	股票价格跌至历史新低
Tom loves singing.	汤姆爱唱歌
He put on the red jacket.	他穿上了红色的外套
She's my daughter.	她是我女儿
I was tired, so I didn't go.	我累了
You swim better than I do.	你游泳游得比我好
He has dozens of books about Japan.	他有几十本关于日本的书
Smiles do not always indicate pleasure.	微笑并不一定表示高兴
The hunters aimed at the elephant.	猎人们用枪瞄准了大象
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go to the picnic.	如果明天下雨的话
How about going out to eat tonight?	今晚出去吃怎么样
I will lend you this dictionary.	我会借给你这本字典
Can I begin?	我可以开始了吗
He likes to watch TV.	他喜欢看电视
Hang your coat on the hook.	把你的外套挂在钩子上
Right now, we have blueberries, blackberries, cherries, strawberries, peaches and nectarines.	现在我们有蓝莓
This piece of music is way too difficult for me to play.	这首曲子对我来说太难演奏了
This coat fits you perfectly.	这件大衣十分适合你
Health is better than wealth.	健康胜过财富
She gave me several books.	她给了我几本书
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.	我在想你今天会不会来
A stranger is just a friend that you haven't met yet.	所谓陌生人
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.	不要对人家送的礼物挑三拣四
Does it matter to you how much it costs?	它花多少钱对你很重要吗
Are you guys crying?	你们在哭吗
He is used to getting up early.	他习惯早起
My stomach hurts.	我肚子疼
The first attack missed the target.	第一次攻击错过了目标
Do you want this job or not?	你想不想要这工作
He ordered a cup of tea.	他点了一杯茶
Smoking is bad for your health.	吸烟对你的健康不好
He's been teaching for 20 years.	他已经教了
I dreamt about you.	我梦到你了
I tried to escape.	我试图逃跑
Neither of those two students passed the test.	两个学生都没通过考试
This dictionary isn't the most recent version.	这本字典不是最新版的
Tom's got nothing to hide.	汤姆没有什么可隐藏
Tom made me do it.	是汤姆让我做的
J.F. Kennedy was buried in Arlington Cemetery.	约翰甘迺迪被安葬在阿灵顿公墓
He is old enough to understand it.	他已经到了能了解它的年纪
Will you permit me to go there?	您允许我去吗
I don't know why they are fighting.	我不知道他们为什么在打架
You could say that.	你可以这么说
Tom was a little late.	Tom	迟到了一小段时间
Mary stayed up late last night.	玛丽昨晚熬夜
He used to get up early.	他以前很早起床
He was playing the piano.	他那时正在弹钢琴
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.	日本的新学年在四月开始
Do you have any idea when the bank closes?	你知道银行什么时候关门吗
Tom put down his paintbrush.	汤姆放下了画笔
Please give me a cup of water.	请你给我一杯水
It's very hard getting a taxi in this city.	这个城市很难打到出租车
This bicycle is mine.	这辆自行车是我的
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.	狡兔三窟
How did you get to know Mary?	你怎么认识玛丽的
If the lion is the king of beasts, the eagle is the king of birds.	狮子是兽类之王的话
He lives just around the corner.	他就住在附近
His speech captured our attention.	他的演讲吸引了我们的注意
I will get the work done in a week.	我会一周内完成这个工作的
A slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician.	有时候口误对政治家来说是致命的
A permanent job is better than a temporary one.	正式工比临时工要好
He insured himself.	他给自己投了保险
I want something sweet.	我要一些甜的东西
Tom won't be coming.	汤姆不会来了
Tom will probably never be late again.	汤姆可能再也不迟到了
There are too many things to do!	要做的事太多了
What's the worst-case scenario?	最坏的情境是什么
Start at the beginning.	从头开始
Do you have any other questions?	你有任何其他的问题吗
I can't walk.	我走不了
I'm sorry, I dialed the wrong number.	对不起
Put the book there.	把书放在那里
I thought that Tom and Mary were crazy.	我本以为汤姆和玛丽疯了呢
There were many people at the concert.	演唱会上有许多人
I gave my cold to him.	我的感冒传染了他
She wants to know who sent the flowers.	她想知道是谁送的花
She kept me waiting for half an hour.	她让我等了半小时
Have you read this book already?	你读过这本书了吗
What does it mean?	这是什么意思
If I had taken that plane, I would be dead now.	要是我坐了那架飞机的话
I don't understand what you're trying to say.	我不明白您想说什么
I'm glad to see you back.	很高兴看到你回来了
If I won the lottery, I'd buy a new car.	如果我中了彩票
It's fun to ride a motorcycle.	骑摩托车很有趣
Tom told Mary he thought she was stupid.	汤姆告诉玛丽
I lost my luggage.	我的行李丢了
Tom won't stop.	汤姆不会停
He drank three bottles of beer.	他喝了三瓶啤酒
Does he speak English?	他说英语吗
It will become much warmer in March.	到了三月会变的更温暖吧
I noticed that Tom was smiling.	我注意到汤姆在笑
Sing a song with me.	和我唱首歌
I fear death.	我怕死
I borrowed Tom's phone this morning.	我今天早上跟
My room is very small.	我的房间非常小
We can't talk here.	我们不能在这里谈
Tom might be able to attend the meeting.	汤姆可能能参加会议
Tom is leaving Boston tomorrow.	汤姆明天离开波士顿
We're conservative.	我们很保守
She took care of the poor little bird.	她照顾可怜的小鸟
He borrowed money from his friend.	他向他的朋友借钱
My grandfather is a bit hard of hearing.	我爷爷的听力不太好
He has no interest in politics.	他对政治没有兴趣
I've had a scratchy throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.	早上起来
There's a lot of trash on the far bank of the river.	河对岸有很多的垃圾
Please be careful not to get hurt.	请小心不要受伤了
I actually never knew that.	我实际并不知道
It's almost six o'clock.	差不多六点了
What color do you think Tom likes?	你觉得汤姆喜欢什么颜色
Tom used to swim a lot when he was younger.	汤姆年轻的时候经常游泳
What do you want for Christmas?	想要什么样的圣诞节礼物呢
Is there someone that can drive?	有人会开车吗
I visited my friend Tom yesterday.	我昨天拜访了我的朋友汤姆
Tom is waiting for everyone to leave.	汤姆等着每个人都离开
Don't throw trash here.	别在这儿扔垃圾
Mary loses her temper easily.	玛丽很容易发脾气
She extended her stay by five days.	她延长停留五天
Have you made your decision?	你决定好了吗
Let me help you. Your bag looks very heavy.	让我来帮你吧
Buy Tom a beer.	给汤姆买一瓶啤酒
I don't know what to believe anymore.	我再也不知道该信甚么了
I woke up at 2:30.	我在
What did you want to tell me?	你想对我说什么
My hobby is collecting old toys.	我的嗜好是收集旧玩具
Your father is pretty tall.	你爸爸很高
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.	如果他说得一口流利的英文
You'd better go to bed at once.	你最好马上去睡觉
She always buys expensive clothes.	她总是买昂贵的衣服
She doesn't get outdoors much.	她没有常到户外
After the revolution, France became a republic.	革命之后
He will be free tomorrow.	他明天有空
I have no friends to help me.	我没朋友帮我
The hunter killed the fox.	猎人杀死了狐狸
There is a clock on the wall.	墙壁上挂著一个时钟
She has never been to Hokkaido.	她从未去过北海道
We'll eat lunch together at 12:30.	我们中午十二点半要一起吃午饭
He got a loan from the bank.	他从银行得到了贷款
My father goes to work by bike.	我父亲骑自行车去上班
The bill amounted to 100 dollars.	帐单金额高达
You'd better relax a bit.	你最好休息一下
Please pick up my dry cleaning.	请取回我干洗的衣服
She put on her hat.	她戴上了她的帽子
"How old are you?" "Sixteen years old".	「	你几岁
It isn't raining.	不在下雨
We like you.	我们喜欢你们
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.	我的驾驶教练说我应该更有耐心一点
She attempted suicide.	她企图自杀
I made sure no one was following me.	我确定没人跟踪我
Those houses are 500 years old.	那些房子有
We're not ready to leave.	我们还没有准备好离开
I miss him.	我想念他
It cost me 50 dollars to have my watch fixed.	我花了五十美元修好了手表
It isn't anything like as cold as it was yesterday.	今天没有像昨天那么冷
What disease do I have?	我得了什么病
He drives a car, doesn't he?	他开车
What is aspirin made of?	阿司匹林是用什么做的
English is not spoken here.	这里的人不说英语
You've told Tom, haven't you?	你告诉汤姆了
She quit smoking.	她停下来抽烟
Tom doesn't want to go alone.	汤姆不想一个人走
Who is that person?	那人谁啊
I don't understand German at all.	我完全不懂德语
He likes playing soccer.	他喜欢踢足球
My nose itches.	我的鼻子好痒
Truth will always prevail.	真理必胜
Three cubed is twenty-seven.	三的立方是二十七
We should inform them about that.	我们应该把那件事情告知他们
I think you're ready.	我认为你准备好了
Do you know where your father went?	你知道你父亲去哪里了吗
Why didn't you dance with him?	你为什么不跟他跳舞呢
Tom was captured.	汤姆被囚禁了
Tom was the only guy in the class.	汤姆是这个班级里唯一的男生
Tom was completely worn out.	汤姆完全筋疲力尽了
There are strawberries in my bag.	我的袋子里有草莓
I make it a rule not to watch television after nine o'clock.	我规定自己在九点之后不看电视
These pictures are really very beautiful.	这些照片真美
We are going downtown to eat pizza.	我们要去市中心吃比萨
Are you lost?	你迷路了吗
She was run over by a car.	她被车子辗过了
Do you like Japanese food?	你喜欢日本菜吗
I wish I could buy you everything you wanted.	我希望我能买下你想要的所有东西
You should check it out.	你应该检查一下
I'm as tired as tired can be.	我累得不能再累了
Where does she live now?	她现在住在哪儿
He is the father of two children.	他是两个孩子的父亲
When was it built?	它是什么时候建成的
She kissed him on the cheek.	她亲吻他的脸颊
Tom will never do it again.	汤姆再也不做了
I want to spend the whole day with you.	我想跟你度过一整天
The nurses are very nice.	护士们都很和善
I broke a glass while I was cooking.	我做菜时打碎了个玻璃杯
I don't think it's going to be easy to find Tom.	我认为
It is your business to take care of them.	照顾他们是你自己的事儿
The air conditioner doesn't work.	空调故障了
She'll love her husband forever.	她会永远爱她的丈夫
That woman is very beautiful.	这个女人很漂亮
The facts are clear.	事实显而易见
They would capture as many people as possible.	他们会尽可能地抓更多的人
I love jokes about animals.	我爱听有关动物的笑话
My father often goes to America on business.	我爸爸经常去美国出差
Is this tofu?	这是不是豆腐
We had bad weather yesterday.	昨天天气很糟
Do you like shopping?	你喜欢购物吗
Tom doesn't have a fever.	汤姆没有发烧
The streets in Tokyo are full on Saturdays.	周六
It would be better if you stayed here a little longer.	你最好在这里待久一点
Where was the mistake?	错在哪里
He likes to listen to the radio.	他喜欢听收音机
Nobody had ever heard of it.	从没有人听说过这件事
It'll cost about 10,000 yen.	这将花费约
You were in danger.	你处于危险之中
We're against war.	我们反对战争
Christmas is definitely my favorite holiday.	圣诞节绝对是我最喜欢的节日
We'd better talk.	我们最好谈谈
The plane was three hours late due to bad weather.	由于天气不好
The children ran down the hill.	孩子们跑下了山丘
I turned the doorknob.	我转动了门把
She waited for hours and hours.	她等了好几个小时
That was the first time I'd seen Tom so angry.	那是我第一次见到汤姆如此生气
I know Tom can stop me from doing that.	我知道汤姆不能阻止我做那件事
Is it really that hard to speak French?	说法语真有那么难吗
I am afraid of dying.	我怕死
This car is easy to handle.	这辆车很容易操控
Why are you showing me this?	你给我看这个干嘛
I gave her just what she needed.	我给她的正是她所需要的
I know that Tom is a little worried.	我知道汤姆有点担心
My plan is to spend the New Year's holiday in Australia.	我打算在澳大利亚过新年
I'd like to have cake for dessert.	我想吃蛋糕当点心
He is numbered among the greatest scientists in the world.	他是世界上最伟大的科学家之一
There was hardly anyone in the room.	房间里几乎没有人
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.	日本的首都是东京
Why do you study every day?	为什么你每天都学习呢
Everyone knew Tom was good at French.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
We have less than five minutes to evacuate the whole building.	我们有不到五分钟来疏散整栋楼的人
We are traveling on a tight budget.	我们很节省地旅行
I'm called Tom.	我叫
I'm thinking of going to Europe.	我正在考虑去欧洲
I'm on my way.	我这就上路
Do you know the reason?	你知道是什么原因吗
I don't have the slightest intention of retiring.	我没有一点退休的念头
Where will we go afterwards?	我们以后往哪走
Tom plays chess better than me.	汤姆下国际象棋比我好
I've been robbed.	我被抢劫了
I'll see you next Wednesday.	我下星期三见你
You cannot achieve anything without effort.	没有什么是不劳而获的
May I open the windows?	可以开窗吗
Tom told me that he'd like to become a doctor.	汤姆告诉我他想当医生
"He used to love me," she answered sadly.	他以前爱我
Could I park my car here?	我能把我的车停在这儿吗
She is always finding fault with her neighbors.	她总是找她邻居的茬
He is the father of three children.	他是三个孩子的父亲
I go to school.	我去学校
It was so cold yesterday I stayed home.	昨天太冷了
His father is an impostor.	他爸爸是个骗子
I can sing and dance.	我会唱歌跳舞
It was time to leave.	是时候离开了
Would you like something to drink?	你想要什么喝的吗
She knows how to do the crawl.	她知道怎么游自由式
We speak the same language, don't we?	我们说的是同样的语言
What's her name?	她叫什么
The serpent tempted Eve.	蛇诱惑了夏娃
The danger is over.	危险已过去
Quite a few people have two cars.	不少人有两辆汽车
There seemed to be no answer to the problem.	这个问题似乎没有答案
I'm happy to see you here.	我很高兴在这里看到你
Will six o'clock suit you?	六点钟你方便吗
Let's pretend we're aliens.	让我们假装是外星人
Japan is confronted with severe economic problems.	日本正面临著严重的经济问题
I met him on my way home.	我在回家的路上遇到了他
Tom didn't think that anyone would recognize Mary.	汤姆不认为有人会认出玛丽
The guests are in the kitchen.	客人们在厨房里
His store is always crowded with customers.	他的店总是挤满了顾客
He told us an interesting story.	他给我们讲了一个有趣的故事
I couldn't agree with you more.	我再同意你不过了
Who were you talking to?	你和谁说话呢
We have to stop the bleeding.	我们必须止血
I think that Tom is a bit too impatient.	我觉得汤姆有些过于性急了
This book is very interesting.	这本书很有趣
I am a college student.	我是个大学生
That's right, isn't it?	这是对的
Was this letter written by Mary?	这封信是玛丽写的吗
I hurried in order to catch the first train.	我匆匆忙忙
I need to find somewhere to practice dancing.	我需要找个地方练舞
He has no girlfriend.	他没有女朋友
I walked as far as the station.	我一直走到火车站
I have asthma.	我有哮喘
I got up early as usual.	我和平常一样起得早
I am okay.	我没事
What is your date of birth?	你的生日是几号
Could you please pull the weeds and water the flowers?	你可不可以帮忙除草浇花
Stop making a fool of yourself.	停止愚弄你自己
Please don't cry.	请你不要哭
Congratulations!	恭喜你
There's someone at the door.	有人在门口
The baby tore up a ten-dollar bill.	这个小婴孩撕掉了一张十美元的钞票
I know how to solve the problem.	我知道怎么解决这个问题
Do you have school on Saturdays?	你星期六要上学吗
I have lost my pencil.	我的铅笔掉了
I just followed your instructions.	我只是照著你的指示
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C++.	变量的声明在
Show me an example.	给我个例子
Would you like a cup of coffee?	来杯咖啡吗
Let's end this nonsense.	我们不要再说废话了
Tom admitted he'd killed Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
Can you play the organ?	你会弹管风琴吗
I'm a teacher.	我是个老师
I'll go with you if necessary.	如果必要的话
I think it's a really good thing.	我认为它真是好事
Tom passed away October 20, 2013.	汤姆逝世于
I admire you.	我欣赏你
Only then did he realize he had been deceived.	直到那时
The paint was peeling off the wall.	油漆从墙上脱落
People need to stop hating.	人们需要止住仇恨
The hawk caught a mouse.	这只鹰抓到一只老鼠
You are always late.	你总是迟到
He has been ill in bed for four days.	他已卧病在床四天了
Put on some sunscreen.	涂点防晒吧
This is the worst book I've ever read.	这是我读过的书里面写的最差的一本了
Is your school far from here?	你的学校离这儿远吗
I don't have time for reading.	我没时间阅读
The government should invest more money in agriculture.	政府应该加大对农业的投资
Whenever I hear that song, I remember my youth.	每次听到这首歌
I know him, but I don't know his name.	我认识他但是我不知道他的名字
You're the smartest person that I know.	你是我所知道的最聪明的人
The problem is being discussed now.	这问题正在被讨论
How far are you going?	你要走多远
My father likes pizza very much.	我父亲非常喜欢披萨
Well, girls, it's time to go.	那么
I think you need to spend a little more time on your homework.	我觉得你应该多花点时间在作业上
Your answer is correct.	您的答案是正确的
Most Americans like hamburgers.	大多数的美国人喜欢汉堡
I'm pretty sure Tom is the only one who can tell us what we need to know.	我很确定
She accused me of telling a lie.	她指责我说谎
The project was a complete failure.	这个计划彻底的失败了
I'm looking for a warm, woolen skirt.	我想找一件温暖的羊毛裙
I study French a lot.	我学了不少法语
It isn't as hard as you think.	那个没你想象的那么难
Don't step on the broken glass.	不要踩在碎玻璃上
What time is it in Boston now?	波士顿现在几点
There are over 800,000 Basque speakers in the world.	世界上有超过八十万的人说巴斯克语
How will the weather be tomorrow?	明天天气怎么样
I can't believe that you love me.	我不能相信你爱我
I'll act as a guide for you.	我为你充当导游
I want to study French.	我要学法语
Tom knows him.	汤姆认识他
Put the book on the top shelf.	把书放在最上面的架子上
What I want is some peace and quiet.	我所想要的是一点平和和安静
Why did you buy so many cookies?	你为什么买这么多曲奇
My nose is itchy.	我的鼻子好痒
Turn right at the intersection.	在十字路口右转
He's interested in many things.	他对很多事情都有兴趣
It's just started raining.	刚开始下雨
My income has decreased ten percent.	我的收入减少了百分之十
She gave him a sweater.	她给他一件毛衣
I like your truck.	我喜欢你的卡车
My brother takes care of our dog.	我弟弟照顾我们的狗
Please wait on him first.	请先等他
Tom or somebody said that.	汤姆或某人说了
I have just come back from school.	我刚从学校回来
The drug problem is international.	毒品问题是国际性的
That car is quite new.	那辆车十分新
Where did you live last year?	你去年住在哪儿
I think that Tom lied to us.	我觉得汤姆对我们撒谎了
I had a very good time today.	我今天玩得很开心
I'll drive you to the airport.	我会开车送你去机场
Nearly all Japanese have dark hair.	几乎所有的日本人头发都是黑色的
Tom quietly closed the bedroom door.	汤姆静静地关上了卧室的门
We both won.	我们都赢了
Did you hear about the fire yesterday?	你听说了昨天的火灾吗
He and I were inseparable friends during our time together in school.	我和他在学生时代是分不开的朋友
Tom is anxious to know the result.	汤姆急着想知道结果
He told me to be kind to others.	他叫我对别人好一点
You need to be aggressive.	你需要更有进取心
My husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.	我丈夫一边吃早餐一边读报纸
My cat looks sad.	我的猫看上去很悲伤
It's a pity they're getting divorced.	很遗憾他们离婚了
I heard Tom muttering something in French.	我听到汤姆在用法语嘀咕些什么
You look very good.	你看上去很好
You can always count on Tom.	你可以永远信赖汤姆
They buried him in the graveyard by the church.	他们把他埋葬在教堂旁的墓园
Let's take a trip to New York.	去纽约吧
I was bored with his speech.	他的演讲让我很无聊
Few students knew his name.	很少学生知道他的名字
I know that money isn't everything.	我知道金钱不是万能的
My car cost more than yours did.	我的车子的开销比你的要多
These flowers you see are roses.	你看到的这些花是玫瑰
I've had enough.	我已经吃饱了
Please fill out this form first.	请先填写这张表格
Behave yourselves.	规矩点
I'm here, so do you want to chat?	我在这
He interrupted our conversation.	他打断了我们的谈论
They skip school all the time.	他们总是逃学
Tom comes here every now and then.	汤姆常来这里
Please continue with your story.	请继续讲你的故事
You have a way with women.	你对女人有一套
The typhoon struck the Kanto district.	台风袭击了关东地区
Neither Tom nor Mary will do that.	汤姆和玛丽都不会做那件事
He should have arrived by now.	现在他应该已经到了
My dog follows me wherever I go.	无论我去哪里
Get me a chair, please.	请给我找一把椅子
Why do you need it?	你为什么需要它
There's also a park there.	那里也有个公园
The lion is stalking its prey.	狮子在跟踪它的猎物
Sorry, what's your name?	不好意思
The machine was coated with dust.	机器蒙上了一层灰
Swimming develops your muscles.	游泳锻炼肌肉
Tom started as a janitor, but he's now the president of the company.	汤姆最初是看门人
I've got a boat.	我有一艘小船
My team is always losing.	我们队总是输
I'm absolutely elated.	我真是欣喜若狂
You're wasting our time.	你在浪费我们时间
I recognize that what he says is the truth.	我承认他说的是事实
Tom just wants your attention.	汤姆只是想引起你的注意
The door won't open.	这门怎样都打不开
I go to bed late at night.	我晚上很晚就寝
He is confronted by many difficulties.	他面临著许多困难
I don't blame you.	我不怪你
Tom also talked.	汤姆也说话了
I think I can run as fast as Tom.	我认为我能跑得跟汤姆一样快
How do you account for that?	你怎么解释那个
I arrived in Tokyo at noon.	中午
He will make a good team captain.	他会成为一个好队长
I found her letter in the mailbox.	我在信箱中发现了她的信
The sky was filled with airplanes.	天上满是飞机
Ask him his name.	问他一下他的名字
All three of us are students.	我们三个都是学生
The police accused him of theft.	警察起诉他盗窃
She's concerned about your safety.	她担心你的安全
Tom isn't doing what he's supposed to be doing.	汤姆没有在做他该做的事
A glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather.	一杯冷水在暑热的天气里十分提神
Everything depends on it.	全都靠它了
Some chewing gum was stuck to the sole of Tom's shoe.	汤姆的鞋底粘了口香糖
Tom didn't know what he'd say to Mary.	汤姆不知道他要对玛丽说甚么
We've known each other for years.	我们认识有好些年了
We're the problem.	我们就是问题所在
He is old enough to know better.	他已经长大该懂事了
Mastering a foreign language calls for patience.	精通一种外语需要耐心
What you're saying doesn't make sense.	你说的话没有道理
Lie down and rest for a while.	躺下来休息一会儿
Tom has made up his mind to go to Boston to study.	汤姆已经下定决心要去波士顿念书
It's not something that I'm very good at.	这不是我所擅长的事
How many rackets do you have?	你有多少支球拍
Smoking is prohibited on the train.	在火车上禁止吸烟
When I got home, I was very hungry.	我回到家的时候
Please send me a letter.	请寄信给我
Will you stay at home?	你会待在家吗
Is Tom with you?	汤姆和你在一起吗
While you are reading to me, I can do my sewing.	你读给我听的时候
That won't change anything.	这样做的话什么都不会改变的
We had a good time playing cards.	我们打牌玩得很开心
Why are you alone?	为什么您一个人
I'm sorry that I've kept you waiting so long.	让您等了很久
I'm not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.	我不太确定我们是否能够满足你的要求
Put your hands up!	举起手来
Have you ever traveled by plane?	你曾经坐飞机旅行过吗
I explained the matter to him.	我给他解释了这件事
She warned him not to go out at night alone.	她警告他晚上不要一个人出去
We waited in the park for a long time.	我们在公园等了好久
We were kids then.	我们那时是孩子
He doesn't care much for baseball.	他不太关注棒球
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.	如果你没好话说
What's wrong with you?	你到底怎么回事啊
We are a family of five.	我们家有五口人
Where are you planning to spend the night?	你打算去哪儿过夜
He married a very pretty girl.	他娶了一个很漂亮的女孩
I want to visit Korea.	我想访问韩国
Tom has a large jar of pennies.	汤姆有一大罐零钱
What are you punishing them for?	您为什么惩罚他们
I have three cousins.	我有三个堂兄
They're trying to keep costs down.	他们正努力降低成本
Water is important for people.	水对人是很重要的
People can't keep quiet.	人们无法保持沉默
Tom and I have known each other for a long time.	汤姆和我相识很久了
It is believed that whales have their own language.	人们相信鲸有他们自己的语言
I'm up.	我已经起来了
I will not do it again.	下次我不做了
What did you do with my glasses?	你用我的眼镜做了什么
The Eiffel Tower is in the same city as the Louvre Museum.	埃菲尔铁塔和卢浮宫在同一座城市
Tom sat at his desk, pretending to study.	汤姆坐在桌前
Don't talk rubbish.	别胡说
I don't like science.	我不喜欢科学
I want something cold to drink.	我想喝点冷饮
That's mine. I don't know where yours is.	那个是我的
What do you think of Tom's cooking?	你觉得
I'll bring my sister to the party.	我会带我妹妹去派对
I got your fax the other day.	我前几天收到了你的传真
I'm sure Tom will win this afternoon.	汤姆今天下午一定会赢
That's odd.	奇怪
She worked side by side with men.	她和男人一起工作
I can't sleep at all!	完全睡不着
He absconded with the money.	他携款潜逃
I wish I could give up smoking.	我希望能够戒烟
Tom doesn't like Boston.	汤姆不喜欢波士顿
I talked to Tom.	我和汤姆说了话
Tom forgot to sign his name.	汤姆忘记签名了
This kind of mistake is easy to overlook.	这种错误很容易被人忽视
Everybody jumped into the pool.	每个人都跳进了游泳池
Stick with it and you'll succeed.	坚持下来
Do you know what I'm doing?	你知道我在做什么吗
She lives just across from us.	她就住在我们对面
He's very influential in the world of medicine.	他在医学界有很大的影响力
I admit that he is right.	我承认他是对的
I like pizza very much.	我非常喜欢比萨
I can't believe he did that.	我不能相信他做到了
As I missed the train, I had to wait for the next one for about an hour.	由于错过了火车
Time flies.	时光飞逝
What do we need to do?	我们必须做甚么
We're going to discuss the problem tomorrow.	我们明天讨论这个问题
Just give me your name and address.	只要给我你的姓名和住址
He usually went to bed at eleven.	他通常在十一点上床睡觉
That's why I don't approve of your plan.	那就是我不赞同你的计划的原因
I want the same jacket as you're wearing.	我也想要和你身上那件同样的外套
I don't care for eggs.	我不喜欢鸡蛋
When did you get back from your trip?	你什么时候旅游回来的啊
Hold on just one second.	请稍等一下
Dinosaurs became extinct a very long time ago.	恐龙在很久以前灭绝了
This bucket has a hole in it.	这个桶有个洞
Do you want to drink some water?	你要喝水吗
We have little chance of winning.	我们获胜的机会很少
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.	有人穿错了我的鞋
They took our passports.	他们拿了我们的护照
All of them agreed to the proposal.	他们所有的人都同意这项建议
You ought to know better at your age.	在你这个年纪你应该要更懂事
He is good at golf.	他高尔夫球打得好
A lot of people are starving in the world.	世界上许多人很饥饿
Why do you think Tom doesn't like it?	你为甚么认为汤姆不喜欢它
I don't think I've ever made any serious mistakes.	我认为我没犯任何严重的错误
The news of his death spread.	他去世的消息传开来了
The fish in this restaurant is delicious.	这家餐厅的鱼很好吃
This theory is very controversial.	这个理论很有争议
I am fully convinced of your innocence.	我完全相信你是清白的
The heater doesn't work.	暖气坏了
Tom can't sleep without a light on.	Tom	没办法在没有亮灯的时候入睡
Tom isn't an idiot.	汤姆不是傻瓜
Have you given Tom everything?	你全都给汤姆了吗
What's wrong, honey?	出什么事了
The whole class is present once a week.	全班同学每周出席一次
I'm worried about Tom.	我在为汤姆担心
Words express thoughts.	语词表达思想
I forgot to put a stamp on the envelope.	我忘记在信封上贴邮票了
I should've declined.	我本应婉拒
I'm always busy with my homework.	我总是忙于功课
You're impatient.	你缺乏耐心
The train leaves at six.	火车
Good morning. It's time to wake up.	早安
I'm just a plain office worker.	我只是一个普通的上班族
Please put your shoes on.	请穿上你的鞋子
It's already 11.	已经是
This English essay is far from perfect.	这篇英语作文离完美还差得远
There aren't that many synagogues in this city.	这座城的犹太教堂不是很多
How often does the bus run?	公共汽车多久发车一次
What were you doing in Boston?	你在波士顿做了什么
Can I carry this on the plane?	我能把这个东西带到飞机上吗
Tom woke up when the telephone rang.	当电话铃响的时候
Who is the girl standing over there?	站在那儿的女孩是谁
I wrote her a letter every day.	我一天又一天地给她写信
They are making for the forest.	他们正向森林而去
Control is everything.	控制就是一切
Last night, I went to bed without brushing my teeth.	昨天晚上
I was abducted by aliens.	我被外星人绑架了
They can't see me.	他们看不见我
Tom, you'd better stay here.	汤姆
You'll have to wait and see.	你得等一等看
How much is this pen?	这支笔多少钱
He's pale because he's sick.	他病了
We picked flowers in the garden.	我们在花园里摘花
He often sits by me and listens to music.	他经常坐在我旁边听音乐
I met him while I was coming home.	当我回家时
Deal with them.	解决他们
Everything's working fine.	一切正常
She can sing and dance beautifully.	她会唱歌而且舞跳得很美
I am not a teacher.	我不是个老师
Do you play any instruments other than the piano?	除了钢琴以外
Tom is already there.	汤姆己经在那里了
What're you talking about?	你在说什么呢
Are you a student?	你是学生吗
Tom has lost his interest in studying French.	汤姆已经对学法语不感兴趣了
The dog barked at the stranger.	这只狗对著陌生人叫
I give you my word.	我向你保证
I usually got to bed about eleven.	我通常约十一点钟上床睡觉
Has the movie started yet?	电影开始了吗
I couldn't control my anger.	我控制不住自己的愤怒
I don't think she takes after her mother.	我不觉得她像她妈妈
There isn't anyone in the room.	房间里没有任何人
Do you know how to drive a car?	您会开车吗
This novel is difficult to understand.	这部小说很难读懂
I've never read such a scary novel.	我从没读过那么恐怖的小说
Have you ever seen a UFO?	你看过飞碟吗
What is it about?	它是关于什么
I'm an actress, not a model.	我是演员
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the train.	我用尽全力跑
Who wrote this story?	谁写了这个故事
I seasoned the fish with salt and pepper.	我在鱼上洒盐和胡椒作调味
Do you think animals have souls?	你认为动物有灵魂吗
She said to herself, "I am very happy."	她对自己说
My brother likes horror movies.	我哥哥喜欢恐怖电影
I'm blind in the right eye.	我的右眼瞎了
Tom is quite thin, isn't he?	汤姆真瘦
They defended their country against the invaders.	他们抵御入侵者
Salmon lay their eggs in fresh water.	三文鱼在淡水中产卵
She resembles her aunt.	她长得像她姑姑
I'll tell Tom to do that if I don't forget.	如果我没忘了的话
I think we shouldn't let Tom do that again.	我认为我们不该让汤姆再那么做
The problem was very difficult.	这个问题非常困难
He was laughed at in public.	他在众人面前被嘲笑
That is intriguing.	那真有趣
Because he's sick, he can't come.	因为他生病了
We enjoyed watching the TV.	我们喜欢看电视
He's gone to Nagoya on business.	他去名古屋出差
I would like to go home now.	我现在想回家了
Who's to blame?	是谁的错呢
She's not prettier than her mother.	她没有比她妈妈更漂亮
It's warm in here.	这里是温暖的
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.	我明天带给你
I am staying at the hotel for the time being.	目前我待在酒店
We have seen no one.	我们谁也没看见
Where do the airport buses leave from?	机场大巴从哪里出发
Leave your umbrella in the hall.	把你的雨伞放在走廊里
He still remembers the day his mother found out he was smoking.	他还记得他妈妈发现他正在抽烟的那天
I no longer love Tom.	我不再爱汤姆了
Tom is only pretending he isn't interested.	汤姆只是在装没兴趣
He is playing music.	他在演奏音乐
My grandmother is very old.	我祖母很老了
Let me tell you the reasons that I don't agree with you.	让我来告诉你我不赞成你的理由
Tom tried to control his emotions.	汤姆试着控制他的情绪
I want you.	我想要你
Could you bring me some water?	能给我带一点水来吗
A friend of mine came to see me during the day.	我的一个朋友在白天的时候来看我
Tom is coming to our school tomorrow.	汤姆明天会来我们的学校
May I have the check, please?	请把帐单给我好吗
He is a learned man.	他是个有教养的人
You made the same mistake as last time.	你犯了跟上次相同的错误
I speak French, too.	我也说法语
My daughter loves jumping rope.	我女儿喜欢跳绳
Did Tom tell you it was an emergency?	你告诉汤姆那是紧急情况了吗
I do not know when she will come back.	我不知道她什么时候会回来
I don't believe such things exist.	我不相信这样的事情存在
This is not okay.	这个不行
Absolutely nothing is permanent in life.	生活中绝对没有什么是持久的
It's foggy out.	外面起雾了
I'll come and see you one of these days.	这些天我会抽一天来看你的
Our fence is made of iron.	我们的栏杆是铁做的
It may or may not be true.	这可能是真的
Can you get up?	你能起床吗
Is this your first trip abroad?	这是你第一次出国吗
Tom had no family.	过去汤姆没有家
I'll call you every night.	我每晚都给你打电话
What do you plan to do?	你打算怎么办
The negotiation is off.	谈判中止了
Many of the immigrants changed their names.	许多移民改了名字
He plays the guitar well.	他吉他弹得很好
She studied abroad in order to brush up her English.	她在国外学习以便提升她的英语
He went bankrupt.	他破产了
Tom should thank me.	汤姆应该感谢我
The bill passed by a small majority of 10 votes.	法案以
He hasn't actually been to America.	他还没有真正去过美国
I took a picture of my family.	我为我的家人拍了照片
Tom is Canadian.	汤姆是加拿大人
We would like to buy a sofa.	我们想买张沙发
Iron is a useful metal.	铁是种有用的金属
We had a late lunch at two.	我们在两点钟吃了晚午餐
That's what I hope.	我希望如此
The ships reached port.	船进港了
A foreign language can't be mastered in a year or so.	一个外国语言无法在一年左右就被掌握
As for me, I have nothing to say.	以我之见
I don't have a pencil.	我没铅笔
I majored in chemistry in college.	我在大学主修化学
What should I look for?	我应该寻找什么
It's actually not that difficult.	实际上没有那么难
This is how I made it.	这就是我的办法
It's fun to travel.	旅行是乐事
Tom said that he didn't like his new job.	汤姆说他不喜欢他的新工作
I'm really glad you're here.	你能来我真高兴
This is not something that anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
I hope he'll be able to come! I'd like to see him.	我希望他能来
I haven't seen you for ages.	我已经有很长的时间没有见到你了
Now, what do you want me to do?	现在
He came back from China.	他从中国回来了
I bought two pairs of pants.	我买了两条裤子
You can't build buildings on swampy land.	你不能在沼泽地上建造建筑物
It's raining again!	又下雨了
I've already told Tom that Mary is in the hospital.	我已经告诉了汤姆玛丽住院了
Tom's cooking was actually not so bad.	汤姆的厨艺其实不那么糟糕
I'm glad we agree.	我很高兴我们同意
Tom got ready for bed.	汤姆准备睡觉
Prices have reached a 13-year high.	价格已经达到了十三年以来的最高点
I'm really sorry to hear that.	听到这样的消息我真的很难过
Tom doesn't have a dad.	汤姆没有爸爸
If you can sing, that's good enough.	如果你会唱歌就好了
I'm open to suggestions.	我愿意接受建议
This car handles very easily.	这车容易开
When did you get to know Tom?	你是甚么时候认识汤姆的
If a sick person folds one thousand paper cranes, her wish will come true.	如果一个病人折一千只纸鹤
I go to church on Sunday.	周日我去做礼拜
Is there anything you want that you don't have?	有什么你想要但是没有的东西吗
You don't have to buy me anything.	你不必为我买什么
I'm going to be a millionaire.	我就要成为百万富翁了
How high is Mt. Fuji?	富士山有多高
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.	你们该养成使用字典的习惯
What do you want me to do?	你要我做什么
The candle went out by itself.	蜡烛自己灭了
Isn't this weather just great!	天气真是太好了
Can I get my money back?	我是不是能收回我的钱
English has spread all over the country.	英语已经普及全国
When do you have to go to bed?	你甚么时候必须去睡觉
That's life.	人生就是如此
Go on home.	回家吧
This T-shirt is too small for me.	这件
I'll teach you how to drive a car.	我会教你怎么开车
Tom helped me with the move.	汤姆帮我搬了家
The exam was divided into two parts.	考试分为两个部分
Do you have a menu in English?	你有英语的菜单吗
You should know that's impossible.	你应该知道这是不可能的
I want to see you again.	我希望再次见到你
Let's leave the decision to Tom.	让我们留给他作决定
What did you have for lunch?	你午饭吃的什么
I'm going over to Tom's house now to tell him about what happened.	我现在要去汤姆家告诉他发生了什么
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.	如果你想做对一件事
My father is a teacher.	我父亲是老师
We all hope for peace.	我们都希望和平
Tom wanted to be a better teacher.	汤姆想做个更好的教师
I wonder if a third world war will break out.	不知道第三次世界大战会不会爆发
Not all red apples taste the same.	不是所有的红苹果吃起来味道都一样
The boy was naked to the waist.	男孩赤裸着上身
He lied to us.	他欺骗了我们
These machines aren't working now.	这些机器目前不运转
I think that fact is very important.	我认为事实非常重要
Haven't we met somewhere before?	我们好像在哪见过
They adopted the little girl.	他们收养了那个小女孩
I really want to stop.	我真的想停下来
Your view is too optimistic.	你的看法过于乐观
It seems that you aren't having a good time here.	好像你们在这儿玩得不愉快啊
I owe you ten dollars.	我欠你
That makes no sense at all.	这没有任何意义
I didn't really feel like going out.	我不是很想出去
Tom was injured in the blast.	汤姆在爆炸中受伤
I don't know what I should be doing right now.	我不知道
We must reduce energy demand.	我们必须降低能源需求
Tom is a decent sort of guy.	汤姆是个诚实的男孩
He reluctantly agreed to my proposal.	他不情愿地同意了我的提案
Keep your money. I don't want it.	留着你的钱吧
Tom quit.	汤姆不干了
You didn't need to bring your umbrella.	你不必带你的伞
He was severe with his children.	他对自己的孩子很严格
You may go.	你可以去了
It's rude to make fun of your boss in public.	在公开场合开你老板的玩笑是无礼的
The plan isn't workable.	计划行不通
He hasn't answered my letter yet.	他还没回我的信
He hid behind the door.	他藏到了门后
That house is the place where I was born.	那房子是我出生的地方
You did a good job.	你干得很好
Who did you speak with?	你和谁说话呢
All of the cookies are in the shape of stars.	所有饼干都是星星的形状
I often have nightmares.	我经常做噩梦
How much is that mountain bike?	那辆山地车多少钱
Tom had no children.	Tom	没有孩子
When did you change your address?	你什么时候更改了你的地址
Who are you calling stupid?	说谁笨蛋呢
I thought that you wanted to see me.	我以为你想见我呢
Does your school have a library?	你的学校有图书馆吗
He'll be here around four o'clock.	他会在四点左右到达这里
My sister usually walks to school.	我妹妹通常走路上学
Tom is sloshed.	汤姆醉了
My grandfather lived a long life.	我的祖父很长寿
I'd like to pay by credit card.	我想用信用卡支付
You'll get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth.	如果你女朋友发现真相的话
Does Tom know that you work here?	汤姆知道你在这里工作吗
My office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building.	我的办公室在那幢灰色的六层楼的四楼
Tom is perfect, isn't he?	汤姆是完美的
I'm sad without you.	没有你我很悲伤
You don't need to be afraid of making mistakes.	你们不需要害怕犯错
Tom is really special.	汤姆真的很特别
Tom has gained weight.	汤姆变胖了
Are you good at calligraphy?	你擅长书法吗
She likes oranges.	她喜欢橙子
People are more educated now than they used to be.	现在的人教育程度比以前高得多
I have a bath every day.	我每天洗一次澡
You get up early, don't you?	你很早起床
The boy is full of promise.	这个男孩很有前途
I am watering the flowers.	我在浇花
When I came home, my sister was playing the guitar.	当我回到家的时候
Tom can't find Mary.	汤姆找不到玛丽
When will they arrive?	他们何时抵达
I'd like to pay in cash.	我想用现金支付
Where can I go to get a map of Europe?	去哪里可以买到欧洲的地图
The child has a case of chicken pox.	这孩子有水痘的症状
He sang while working.	他一边唱歌一边工作
I know where he lives.	我知道他住哪儿
What's the matter with you?	你怎么了
Do you have kids?	你们有小孩吗
She gets up the earliest in my family.	她是我家最早起床的人
Let's hope she comes.	让我们祈盼她会来
I've got a flat tire.	我有个轮胎瘪了
Movie making is an exciting job.	电影制作是一个令人兴奋的工作
Take a book and read it.	拿本书读
He decided to marry her.	他决定娶她
I just wanted to prove to myself that I could do this.	我只想向自己证明我可以做到
This is my younger sister.	这是我的妹妹
I hope you'll get better soon.	我想你快点好
He caught them stealing apples.	他抓到了他们在偷苹果
The best hairdressers are gay.	最好的理发师是同性恋
I'd like to work at the cafeteria.	我想在餐厅工作
He's coming closer.	他在靠近
It doesn't matter what he said.	他说的不重要
This is Tom's umbrella.	这是汤姆的雨伞
It is easy to read this book.	这本书很容易读
I heard that Tom attempted suicide.	我听说汤姆试图自杀
I ran as fast as I could to catch the train.	为了赶上火车我使出全力奔跑
Why don't you have a party?	你为什么不举行派对
He forgot to turn off the light.	他忘了关灯
You don't go to school on Sunday, do you?	你周日不上学
Long skirts are out of fashion now.	现在长裙不流行了
Won't you have some coffee?	你不要点咖啡吗
How much are you paying Tom?	你给汤姆多少钱
I knew he would accept.	我知道他会接受的
Why do you want to be a nurse?	你为什么想成为护士呢
When we started out, our band could only find small clubs in small cities that would hire us.	我们的乐队刚起步时
He said that he wanted some money.	他说他要一些钱
You're barking up the wrong tree.	你白费力气了
Tom has to go to the hospital.	汤姆必须去医院
She ran very fast to catch up with the other members.	她跑得很快是为了赶上其他成员
You should have attended the meeting.	你应该参加这个会议的
My uncle gave me a gift.	我叔叔送了我一样礼物
Tom told me that he doesn't like carbonated drinks.	汤姆告诉我他不喜欢碳酸饮料
What is the matter with your car?	你的车子怎么了
I like tennis and golf.	我喜欢打网球和高尔夫球
I think she's an honest woman.	我认为她是一个诚实的女人
He looked in all directions, but didn't see anyone.	他看了看四周
Please don't forget to mail this letter.	请不要忘记寄信
Please wait a moment.	请稍等一下
I've rented a room not far from here.	我租了一间离这里不远的屋子
Tom was a little overweight when he was a kid.	汤姆在小时候有点超重
What's the meaning of this word?	这个词是什么意思
It's not necessary to answer that letter.	没有必要回那封信
I'm tired of him bawling me out.	我厌烦了他对我说教
We should try to avoid imposing our own beliefs on others.	我们应该尽量避免把我们自己的信念强加在别人身上
I hiccup a lot.	我经常打嗝
The president is difficult to approach.	总统很难接近
Don't play baseball in the park.	不要在公园玩垒球
You're probably smarter than you think.	你可能比你想的更聪明
Will you buy something?	你要买点东西吗
I'm really scared of spiders.	我真怕蜘蛛
It needs to be repaired.	它需要修理
The gang was planning a robbery.	这伙人计划抢劫
I'm leaving next week.	我下个星期离开
You guys have to hurry.	你们这些家伙得快点
Tom isn't happy at all.	汤姆根本不高兴
Will you put down that paper and listen to me?	你能放下文件听我说吗
I'm a loser.	我是个不成器的人
I'm never late for school.	我从来没有上学迟到
Is your homework finished?	你的作业做完了吗
It's raining hard.	雨下得很大
How long will the meeting last?	会议持续多久
This river is dangerous to swim in.	在这条河里游泳很危险
I don't feel like eating out this evening.	今晚我没心情出去吃饭
What was the situation in Boston?	波斯顿那时的情况如何
Try not to get lost.	尽量别迷路
Are you still cold?	你还冷吗
This time it's different.	这一次不一样
How did the traffic accident happen?	车祸是怎么发生的
I think we're ready to do that.	我认为我们准备好了
I heard the door close.	我听到门关了
If you have something to say, just say it.	你想说就说
He has more than five dictionaries.	他有五本以上的字典
Do you have an extra key?	你有多余的钥匙吗
What's this song? I've heard it before, but I can't remember the name.	这是什么歌
Soldiers must carry out their orders.	军人必须履行他们的命令
It's not your problem.	不是你的问题
Where is my book?	我的书在哪
Are we allowed to take pictures here?	这里允许拍照吗
Tom didn't attend the meeting.	汤姆没有参加会议
I felt like I was dead.	我感觉好像死了一样
Unfortunately the telephone was out of order.	不幸的是电话坏了
This is a friend of mine.	这个是我的朋友
Would you like to add anything to what I've said?	您对我说的话有什么要补充的吗
Say hello to your father for me.	代我向你父亲问好
Are you studying?	您学习吗
It's pretty simple.	它真简单
You can see the roof of the house from there.	你能从那里看到房顶
Rome has a lot of ancient buildings.	罗马有很多古建筑
Do you know how to play mahjong?	你知道怎么打麻将吗
I found a good Mexican restaurant.	我发现一家很好的墨西哥餐厅
Why are you asking me?	你为什么问我
Please give me a blanket.	请给我送一块毯子
He is tall.	他高
I don't know which button to push.	我不知道要按哪个按钮
She gave me a smile of recognition.	她给了我一个认可的微笑
We're going to have to change our plans.	我们快要到必须改变我们计划的时候了
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.	科学家们还没有找到癌症的治疗方法
My house is close to the park.	我的房子靠近公园
It's nonsense to try that.	这种尝试很荒谬
Small businesses will have to tighten their belts to survive.	中小企业要勒紧裤带才能存活
He never gave up hope that he would reach that goal.	他从没放弃达成那个目标的希望
How long is the Rainbow Bridge?	彩虹桥有多长
Tom took Friday off.	汤姆星期五闲着
Tom can't tie a tie.	汤姆不会系领带
They reported seeing the incident.	他们报告目击了事故
She was very surprised at the news.	她对那个消息非常惊讶
Why worry about Tom?	为什么要担心
I went to see the movies yesterday.	我昨天去看了电影
This wine tastes great.	这葡萄酒非常好喝
He is from France.	他是从法国来的
The meeting will end tomorrow.	会议明天就结束了
I do not doubt it in the least.	我对此毫不怀疑
He threw a rock into the pond.	他扔一块石头到池塘里
"Is she coming, too?" "I hope so."	“	她也会来吗
The Amazon is fed by a large number of tributaries.	亚马逊河有很多支流
He lived here for a time.	他在这儿住了有一段时间了
How lucky you are!	您运气多好啊
I work in this building.	我在这栋楼里工作
Life without love has no meaning.	没有爱的人生没有意义
There are three survivors.	有三个幸存者
Your plan seems better than mine.	你的计划似乎比我的好
Do you think they noticed?	你认为他们注意到了吗
I thought the questions were easy.	我认为这些问题很容易
Tom has no money.	Tom	没有钱
You are selling him short.	你别小看了他
Tom is meeting Mary this afternoon.	汤姆今天下午将会见玛丽
I like instrumental music.	我喜欢器乐
A bottle of red wine, please.	请来瓶红酒
I won't work overtime today.	今天我不加班
Just put yourself in my shoes.	你站在我的立场上考虑看看
This is the only camera I've got.	这是我唯一的相机
I don't worry about the risk.	我不担心风险
They both cried after hearing the tragic news.	听到这件悲剧
It is true that television also has some disadvantages.	电视的确有一些缺点
He left his glasses at our place.	他把眼镜落在我们这里了
I have to get up quite early tomorrow.	我明天得早起
He should have done it that way.	他该那样做完了
I got the money back from him.	我拿到了他还给我的钱
I should do it.	我应该去做
Your book is on the desk.	你的书在书桌上
They made me go there alone.	他们让我独自去了那里
He's very fond of science fiction.	他非常喜欢科幻小说
John is two years older than I am.	John	比我大两岁
I'll never leave you.	我永远不会离开您的
Tom is a little depressed.	汤姆有点沮丧
Tom looked at me and smiled.	汤姆看着我笑了
They have a very nice veranda.	他们有一个非常漂亮的暖房
You should know that that's impossible.	你应该知道这是不可能的
I need to go home.	我该回家了
She raised her voice.	她提高了她的嗓音
Can't you do something to help me?	你不能做些事来帮助我吗
Wipe the pan dry with a paper towel.	用纸巾把那口锅擦干
Don't distract me while I am studying.	当我学习的时候不要打扰我
The library is on the second floor.	图书馆在二楼
His words gave me hope.	他的话给了我希望
When do you usually get off work?	你们一般几点下班
How much will it cost?	这要多少钱
Let's play baseball!	让我们来打棒球吧
Tom picked up a pencil.	汤姆拿起铅笔
He's a tall boy.	他是一个高大的男孩
It wasn't my intention.	那不是我的本意
That isn't French.	那不是法语
There is no chance of rain today.	今天没有任何下雨的可能性
Tom was a teacher for nearly thirty years.	汤姆当教师约有三十年了
Who would want to hire Tom?	谁会想雇汤姆
You look stupid.	你看上去很傻
Children don't like to go out in the dark.	孩子们不喜欢摸黑外出
South Africa is far away.	南非很远
I don't think that any more students want to come.	我觉得不会有更多学生想来了
I like having breakfast with you.	我喜欢和你一起吃早饭
They're required to work eight hours every day.	他们每天必须工作
Your essay still needs some improvement.	你的论文还需要改进
I ordered pizza by telephone.	我打电话订了个披萨
He was afraid of being laughed at.	他怕被嘲笑
I wonder if anything happened to him.	我怀疑有什么事在他身上发生了
The walls are covered with blood.	墙上沾满了血
I wonder why I feel so lonely when it gets cold.	我很疑惑为什么天气变冷的时候我会觉得很孤单
Tom had no idea Mary was a serial killer.	汤姆不知道玛丽是个连环杀手
This is the very book you wanted.	这是你非常想要的书
I gave her a lift to town.	我载她去城里了
You've arrived very early.	你来得很早
School begins at eight-thirty.	学校
Are you married?	您成家了吗
I continued singing.	我继续唱歌
I had a vision.	我有一个愿景
Have you ever been stuck in an elevator?	你有没有被困在电梯里过
Would you mind lending me your pencil?	你介意把你的笔借给我吗
Tom didn't have any family.	过去汤姆没有家
We climbed Mt. Fuji last summer.	去年夏天我们爬了富士山
Have you ever been to Kobe?	你去过神户吗
I cannot help wondering if he will come on time.	我禁不住想他会不会准时到
She and I are brother and sister.	她和我是姐弟
She finds it a little distasteful.	她发现这有点令她不快
I spent thirty dollars on a book.	我购买一本书花费了三十美元
Can you freeze it?	你能冷冻它吗
We defeated the enemy.	我们战胜了敌人
Very few people live to be 100.	很少人活到
He's bound to notice your mistake.	他必定会觉察到你的错误
Put some more wood on the fire.	再往火里添些木柴
She asked a very good question.	她问了一个非常好的问题
I'm ready to go back home.	我准备回家了
It's snowing heavily.	雪下得很大
Why am I still here?	为什么我还在这里
Look out!	当心
My dictionary is very useful.	我的字典非常有用
What did you do?	你做了什么
The train is very crowded this evening.	列车在晚上很挤
I know that Tom is tired.	我知道汤姆累
Tom suggested that I change the lock on my door.	汤姆建议我换我的门锁
I stopped smoking for the sake of my health.	为了健康
He's always at home on Sundays.	他星期日总是在家里
This is an interesting book, isn't it?	这是本有趣的书
I'm terribly hungry.	我肚子饿极了
Could you call a doctor, please?	你能请个医生来吗
I used to be a forest ranger.	我以前是护林人
Would you give me a hint?	你可以给我一个提示吗
Did you ever try?	你试过吗
To tell you the truth, this is a little too spicy for me.	说实话
You must be careful of the traffic when you cross the street.	你横穿马路时要留心
They guaranteed regular employment to their workers.	他们对他们的员工保证就业
How did you accomplish this?	你是怎么完成的
Who's your favorite DJ?	谁是你最喜爱的
I want ten plates.	我要十个盘子
It's later than you think.	时间比你想的还要晚
Tom told me I shouldn't do that.	汤姆告诉我我不该去做
We're going to set up shelters.	我们要建立避难所
That furniture is my mother's.	那个家具是我母亲的
I'm sorry, but I can't answer right away.	我很抱歉
I think to clearly distinguish opinion from fact is important.	我认为辨别清楚意见和事实很重要
You may not remember me, but I remember you.	或许你不记得我了
Tom certainly is an interesting person.	汤姆这人确实很有意思
I'm sure that he'll succeed.	我相信他会成功
Do you believe me?	你相信我吗
I need a good pair of sunglasses.	我需要一副好的太阳眼镜
Are any seats still available?	还剩座位吗
I saw five men.	我看到了五个男人
What's your name?	你叫什么
I had an asthma attack.	我哮喘发作了
I can't stand this heat.	我受不了这么热
That wasn't my intent.	这不是我的初衷
Do you think we should send for the doctor?	你认为我们应该派人去请医生来吗
I like wine.	我喜欢葡萄酒
She works very hard.	她很努力工作
I will do my best.	我会尽力而为
Stop looking for problems, Tom.	别找事
This letter is wrongly addressed.	这封信寄错地方了
Learning English is hard work.	学习英语很辛苦
Mercury is a planet.	水星是一颗行星
Tom felt very guilty.	汤姆感到非常愧疚
He wrote to me yesterday.	昨天他写信给我
I'm not the least bit worried.	我一点也不担心
I received your letter.	我收到了您的信
The policeman seized the boy by the arm.	警察抓住了那个男孩的手臂
There's a possibility you'll have to do that.	你有可能不得不那么做
Tom told me he wanted to win.	汤姆告诉我他想赢
What you said doesn't make sense.	你说的没有道理
Nobody wants you to do that.	没人想要你那样做
Owing to its landmass, the Antarctic has an air temperature lower than that of the Arctic.	南极因为有大陆
The things he says are entirely inconsequential.	他说的话根本毫无意义
Don't you want to know the reason?	你不想知道为什么吗
I'm right.	我是对的
How soon will the meeting begin?	会议什么时候开始
I warned him, but he ignored the warning.	我警告过他
Something has happened to my car.	我的车出了点事
I'll personally visit you.	我会亲自拜访您
Please feel free to ask questions.	尽管提问
There are a few apples on the tree, aren't there?	树上有些苹果
When are the elections?	什么时候选举
It makes sense.	那样说得通
I like blue.	我喜欢蓝色
I have a boat.	我有一艘小船
I can't sleep at all.	完全睡不着
The sample is not pure enough.	样本不够纯净
I lost three kilograms.	我瘦了三公斤
I didn't like beer at that time.	那时候我不喜欢啤酒
How old are your kids?	你的孩子多大了
Are you angry?	您生气了吗
Go at once, otherwise you will be late.	立刻走
When does it start?	什么时候开始
First off, I'd like you to come with me to a department store sale.	首先
Tom and Mary were talking.	汤姆和玛丽在说话
What's your favorite game to play with friends?	你最喜欢和朋友玩什么游戏
Tom couldn't get to sleep till after three last night.	汤姆昨晚三点多才睡着
I didn't have time to watch TV yesterday.	我昨天没时间看电视
Why can't he play tennis today?	为什么他今天不能打网球呢
The doctor called him back.	医生把他叫了回来
This is my email address.	这是我的电子邮箱
Our supplies are running out.	我们的供给要用完了
I know Tom is looking at me.	我知道汤姆在看着我
Begin.	开始
I'm used to it by now.	我现在已经习惯它了
It's time to get some work done.	到了做点事的时候了
You should get your car fixed.	你应该把你的车修好
I owe my success to his help.	我的成功要归功于他
It isn't that simple.	它没有那么简单
What vegetables do you like to eat?	你喜欢吃什么菜
I have lost my umbrella.	我丢了我的伞
The value of the yen has soared.	日元的价值大幅上升
He made himself heard across the room.	他让对面的房间都能听到他的声音
We found it very hard going back to our base camp in the blizzard.	暴风雪使得我们难以返回营地
I was having a bath when the telephone rang.	在我洗澡的时候
Tom knows that I don't like him.	汤姆知道我不喜欢他
Do you want to hear what I think?	你想听听我是怎么想的吗
This is the lady who wants to see you.	这位就是谁想见你的夫人
This old book is worth 50,000 yen.	这本旧书值
He proved to be an ideal husband.	他被证实是个理想丈夫
You've lost weight, haven't you?	你减肥了
Daddy loves to say funny things.	爹地喜欢讲有趣的事
It seems that something has happened.	似乎发生了什么事
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he didn't know how to do that.	汤姆不想玛丽知道他不知道怎么做
He stole money from her wallet.	他从她的钱包偷了钱
Tom hasn't finished his lunch yet.	汤姆还没吃完晚饭
It's frozen hard.	真的很冰冷
Do you love me?	你爱我吗
What do you think of these poems?	你觉得这些诗怎么样
We'll talk about this later.	我们晚会再谈这事
She was about to go out.	她正要出去
Do you know how to whistle?	你会吹口哨吗
Tom has a lot to think about.	汤姆要考虑很多
You're a friend of Tom's, aren't you?	你是汤姆的一个朋友
He's a DJ.	他是一个
I live in a big city.	我住在一个大城市里
I hope everything goes well.	我希望万事如意
Have you tasted the rice?	你尝过米饭了吗
I'm familiar with the author's name.	我对这位作者的名字很熟悉
She's almost the same height as you.	她差不多和你一样高
Tom's out of the country.	汤姆在国外
I always drink a cup of coffee in the morning.	在早晨
She has always lived in Otaru.	她一直住在小樽
I wonder if you understand.	我还不知道你明不明白
Are you all ready?	你们都准备好了吗
My aunt brought me some flowers.	我阿姨给我带来了一些花
They moved here two years ago.	他们两年前搬到了这里
She became drowsy after supper.	晚饭后她变得昏昏欲睡
We've got to get you out of here.	我们必须把你带走
I want to know how long it'll take.	我想知道这需要用多久时间
He did it for money.	他做这个是为了钱
Everyone said that I was wrong.	大家都说我是错的
Tom seems to be very happy.	汤姆看起来非常开心
They would've been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.	车子若是掉落悬崖他们早就没命了
I'll think it over carefully.	我会仔细考虑
Keep it in a cool place.	保存在阴凉的地方
Does anyone here know where Tom lives?	这里有人知道汤姆住在哪里吗
Not a star was to be seen.	没看到任何一颗星星
He devoured his meal.	他狼吞虎咽地吃了一顿
Don't forget to take a camera with you.	别忘了带个相机
Everybody in the building felt the earthquake.	在建筑物里的所有人都感觉到了地震
The book is easy.	这本书很简单
He could no longer stand the pain.	他再也无法忍受这种痛苦
There are only three girls in the class.	这个班只有三个女生
If you get sleepy, let me know.	困了的话就说哦
What do you think of this one?	这个你觉得怎样
One plus two equals three.	一加二等于三
When will it be convenient for you?	什么时候对你来说是方便的
We've got too much work to do.	我们要做的工作太多了
He really loves beer and gets drunk every day.	他喜欢喝啤酒
English and German are two related languages.	英语和德语是两种相关的语言
Good luck on your test.	考试加油
I spent 10 dollars on it.	我在这东西上花了十美元
Tears filled her eyes.	她热泪盈眶
He will call for me about six.	他六点左右要给我打电话
I haven't decided yet.	我还没决定
I'm sorry I wasn't able to see you when you came by today.	我很抱歉今天您来的时候没能见您
He usually goes to school by bus.	他经常搭公车上学
There is no film in this camera.	这个相机里没有胶片
This is true.	这是真的
Do you know my name?	你知道我的名字吗
There are many different people in Europe.	欧洲有许多不同的人
What are you driving at?	你想暗示什么
I think you should take the test again.	我的意见是
If you don't behave, Santa won't come.	你一旦不做个乖孩子
This doesn't concern you.	这不是你的事
Have a look at the world map.	来看看世界地图
He's very angry with you.	他对你非常生气
Thank you all the same.	同样感谢你
Are you going, too?	你也要去吗
You can bank on that.	你可以寄希望于此
Be quiet, all of you.	你们所有的人都安静
He sat there with his legs crossed.	他翘著二郎腿坐在那里
You can't prove that.	你无法证明
She took care of my dog.	她照顾了我的狗
I don't enjoy singing in public.	我不喜欢在公共场合唱歌
Tom is a good friend of yours, isn't he?	汤姆是你的好朋友
I think that everyone should study a foreign language.	我认为大家都应该学另外一种语言
You're drunk.	你喝醉了
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so the bullet didn't kill him.	汤姆穿著一件防弹衣
Time flies.	时间匆匆走过
I shouldn't have done it.	我本不应该做的
Tofu goes well with good sake.	豆腐配清酒很合适
Tom followed.	汤姆跟着
The police arrested the suspect.	警方逮捕了嫌疑人
I think Tom is athletic.	我认为汤姆好运动
Do people in your country eat rice?	在您国家的人是吃米饭的吗
Do you have paper?	你们有没有纸
Let me do this for you.	让我为你做这件事
He doesn't lie.	他不说谎
She needed some money to buy something to feed her dog.	她需要一些钱来买点东西喂她的狗
We promise you we'll never do it again.	我们保证我们不会再做了
Will it be much longer?	还要很久吗
This is the window he broke.	他砸坏的是这扇窗
She got married at the age of 17.	她十七岁结婚
Tom didn't know who it was.	汤姆不知道那是谁
How many schools are there in your city?	你们城市有多少个学校
We have dinner at seven.	我们七点吃晚饭
Good job!	做得好
I was lucky.	我运气很好
It is easy to answer this question.	回答这个问题很容易
How much is this watch?	这只表多少钱
Let's go ahead and eat.	咱们去吃饭吧
I ate caviar.	我吃了鱼子酱
Why don't you rest a bit?	为什么你不休息一下
She got first prize in the eating contest.	她在吃东西比赛里得了一等奖
The value of the painting was estimated at several million dollars.	这幅画被估价数百万元
He is mad about music.	他痴迷于音乐
I'm buying a new car.	我在买一辆新车
We rented an apartment.	我们租了公寓
He was killed by a single bullet.	他被一颗子弹打死了
Tom broke the window.	汤姆打破了窗户
With your help, we'll catch Tom.	在你的帮助下我们会抓到汤姆
Call me at the office.	打电话到我办公室来
I filled the bucket with water.	我在桶子里装满了水
This work is not necessarily easy.	这项工作未必容易
He took off his overcoat.	他脱掉了大衣
I'm in a hurry today.	我今天赶时间
I'm the one you want.	我就是你要找的人
Drunk driving is a serious problem.	酒驾是个严重的问题
What is the name of this river?	这条河的名字是什么
The yacht sailed around a buoy.	游艇绕浮标航行
What do you suppose this could be?	你认为这是什么
In that case, I'll change my mind.	这样的话
We heard a voice from the bedroom.	我们听到卧室里有声音
Where does it leave from?	它从哪里离开的
There were so many people.	那里人好多
I put the money into the safe.	我把钱放入保险柜里
It's very hot in this room.	这间房里很热
Modern technology has made our lives more comfortable.	现代科学技术让我们的生活更加舒适
I think I understood everything Tom said, but I'm not absolutely sure.	我认为我听懂了汤姆说的所有话
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.	我期待很快就能收到你的信
Do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to?	您知道这座庙宇供奉的是哪个神吗
I'll call you as soon as I can.	我会尽快给你打电话的
We often hear you sing.	我们经常听到你唱歌
I have many discs.	我有许多唱片
Tom'll wait.	汤姆会等
I sleep on my stomach.	我趴着睡觉
Move over.	腾一下地方
She didn't feel like eating lunch.	她不想吃午饭
When did your father come home?	你爸爸什么时候回家
He did not eat anything yesterday.	他昨天没有吃任何东西
I asked him where he was going.	我问了他要去哪里
He doesn't believe in God.	他不信神
I'd like a room with a good view.	我喜欢视野好的房子
My dad is busy.	我爸爸很忙
He lives in a world of fantasy.	他住在一个奇幻世界里
You should stay at home today.	你今天应该待在家里
This is not a sentence.	这不是一句话
Be friendly.	友善点
Your dog is here.	你的狗在这
They talked about love.	他们谈论了爱情
I am positive that he is wrong.	我确定他是错的
Turn right at the first traffic light.	在第一个信号灯处右转
He seldom, if ever, goes to church.	他很少
How long have you worked with Tom?	你跟汤姆工作了多长时间
She tossed me grapes and I tried to catch them with my mouth.	她朝我丢葡萄
That's too bad.	多遗憾啊
I'm repairing the washing machine.	我在修洗衣机
The risk is too great.	风险太大
I warmed myself in the bath.	我泡了个澡身体暖和起来了
This doghouse was built by Tom.	这狗屋是汤姆建的
Ten years is a long time.	十年是很长的时间
I know that Tom is watching me.	我知道汤姆在看着我
Can you find it?	你能找到它吗
She'll give her photo to whoever wants it.	她会把她的照片给想要的人
I went to Disneyland yesterday.	昨天我去了迪士尼乐园
It's dangerous!	它是危险的
My sister resembles my mother.	我妹妹很像我妈妈
There are no clean plates.	没有任何干净的盘子
She gave the door a gentle push.	她轻轻地推了门
He acted like a lunatic.	他表现的像个疯子
Almost no one thinks that we are sisters.	几乎没有人认为我们是姐妹
I don't like the food at that deli.	我不喜欢那家熟食店里的食物
I promise.	我向你保证
Rice is grown in rainy regions.	人们在多雨地区种植水稻
Call me at six tomorrow morning.	明天早上
She got on the subway at Ginza.	她在银座搭乘了地铁
I met her on campus yesterday.	我昨天在校园里遇到了她
Let's get divorced.	我们离婚吧
It is not easy to distinguish good from evil.	区分善恶不容易
His wife is quite a talented woman.	他老婆很有才
A unicycle has one wheel.	一辆独轮车有一个轮子
I'll never come back.	我再也不会回来了
They are very big.	他们非常大
Do you go to school by bus?	你搭公车上下学吗
There's no need for you to prepare a formal speech.	您没必要准备一个正式的演讲
What kind of sandwich do you want?	你要什么样的三明治
A square has four angles.	正方形有四个角
Did you actually see the accident?	你真的看到了这起事故吗
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.	你应该为你自己感到羞耻
That's where the problem lies.	问题就在这里
Perseverance, as you know, is the key to success.	就像你们知道的那样
It looks like Tom will do what we've asked him to do.	看来汤姆会按我们要求的去做
I want your opinion.	我想要听听你的意见
Would you like tea or something?	你需要茶或者别的什么吗
I couldn't prevent Tom from eating all the cookies.	我阻止不了汤姆吃光饼干
That's avoidable.	那是可避免的
Tom can't decide whether to buy a Toyota or a Ford.	汤姆不能决定买丰田还是福特
I'll feed the dog.	我要喂狗
It's about to rain.	天快要下雨了
Tom is waiting in the living room.	汤姆正在客厅里等着
Put out the light.	熄灯
It really comes in handy.	这真的能派上用场
The conference will end tomorrow.	会议明天就结束了
I found your letter in the mailbox.	我在信箱中发现了你的信件
What's the matter with you?	你到底怎么回事啊
The family eats breakfast on the balcony.	一家人在阳台上吃早饭
He is not stupid.	他不是傻子
Printing ink is in short supply.	油墨快没了
This is a very old book.	这是本很旧的书
Can I get you something to drink?	我可以带喝的东西给你吗
Have you decided what you want to order?	您决定好要下订单了吗
Tom wanted to comfort Mary.	Tom	是想着去安慰
It's OK not to eat it.	你不吃没关系
He has lost his job.	他已经失去了他的工作
Would you mind lending me your pen?	你介意把你的笔借给我吗
She must have studied very hard.	她一定很用功读书
I am the fastest runner.	我是跑得最快的人
He lives across the street from us.	他住在我们街对面
No one was there.	谁也不在那里
Strictly speaking, the earth is not round.	严格来说
We were bored.	我们感到厌烦了
He deposited the prize money in the bank.	他把奖金存到银行了
My plan is to study in Australia.	我的计划是去澳洲念书
Tom studied hard so he could get into college.	汤姆为了上大学努力学习
I can't stand that kind of politician.	我不能忍受那种政治家
Are you there?	你在吗
I am diabetic.	我有糖尿病
Is that our problem?	那是我们的问题吗
Without your advice, I would've failed.	没有你们的意见
A table for four, please.	四个人用餐
This tunnel is twice as long as that one.	这条隧道是那条的两倍长
Tom tried to catch up with Mary, but he couldn't.	汤姆试图去追上玛丽
Where's the kitchen?	厨房在哪
Her face turned red.	她脸红了
Many people work in industrial towns.	许多人在工业城市工作
They decided to build a bridge.	他们决定建一座桥
You don't get up as early as your sister, do you?	你比你妹妹起得晚
Is Tom drunk?	汤姆喝醉了吗
They called him a coward.	他们称他胆小鬼
You will hurt yourself.	会受伤哟
Tom's car has been stolen.	汤姆的汽车被偷了
I don't use taxis unless it's absolutely necessary.	如无必要我也不会打的
I don't like drinking.	我不喜欢喝酒
I'll be there right away.	我马上到那里
Those are their books.	这是他们的书
He drank a lot yesterday.	昨天他喝了很多
He was very good at playing tennis.	他网球打得很好
She finished reading the letter.	她看完信了
Do you drink a lot of milk?	你喝很多牛奶吗
Look at that picture on the desk.	看看桌上的那张相片
It is by no means certain.	这根本不是确定的
I couldn't answer all the questions.	我无法回答所有问题
I'm looking forward to your visit.	我期待著您的光临
She invited Tom and me to the party.	她邀请我和汤姆去派对
Open the door, please.	请把门打开
What's wrong with my legs?	我的腿有什么毛病
It is already past five o'clock.	已经过了五点钟
Tom hasn't talked to Mary about that yet.	汤姆还没跟玛丽谈那事
My father is in the garden.	我爸爸在花园里
Tom has a twin brother.	Tom	有个双胞胎兄弟
Where will you go for the vacation?	你要去哪里度假
Tomorrow is Sunday.	明天是星期天
It was before dawn that they got the fire under control.	他们在黎明前控制住了火势
I should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it.	我本该在买下这个电动剃须刀之前试一下的
I hate myself sometimes.	偶尔我会讨厌我自己
He tried to concentrate on the letter.	他试图把注意力集中在信上
He comes here twice a week.	他一周来这儿两次
This book of his isn't interesting at all.	他的这本书一点意思也没有
I know him by name, but not by sight.	我知道他的名字
I have to cook dinner today.	我今天要准备晚饭
I don't mind if the weather is hot.	天气热点儿没关系
I will make you happy.	我会让你幸福的
Tom's Canadian.	汤姆是加拿大人
No intelligent person drinks and then drives.	没有聪明人喝了酒再开车
"I think so, too," she chimed in.	“	我也那样觉得
My mother is making a cake.	我的母亲在做蛋糕
I can't breathe through my nose.	我的鼻子没办法呼吸了
She will be back within a week.	她一周之内会回来
Is there a youth hostel around here?	附近有没有青年旅舍
Each member has to pay 10,000 yen a month.	每位会员每月需支付一万日元
How interesting!	多么有趣啊
He told me everything.	他都告诉我了
Several thousand people became victims of this disease.	数千人受此疾病所害
He was invited to be the chairman of the club.	他受邀做俱乐部的主席
I always think of him when I'm alone.	我孤单的时候总会想起他
Is this a pen or a pencil?	这是一只钢笔还是铅笔
He crossed the river in a small boat.	他乘小船过河
Never give up.	决不放弃
I didn't sleep a wink last night.	我昨晚没睡
Please accept my sincere apologies.	请接受我诚挚的歉意
Let's ask if it's true.	让我们来问问这是不是真的
This is old news to me.	这对我来说是旧闻了
Tom has accumulated a lot of junk.	汤姆屯了很多垃圾
My passport's been stolen.	我的护照被人偷了
That's peculiar.	奇怪
Check, please.	请结帐
Many people only speak one language.	许多人只说一种语言
I didn't expect that result.	我没有期望得到这样的结果
Of course.	当然
Tom hung his jacket in the hall closet.	汤姆把夹克挂在大厅衣柜里
Do you take pride in your work?	你为你的工作感到自豪吗
There's been an accident.	曾经有一个意外
Are you two ready?	你们两个人都准备好了吗
Who invented the telephone?	谁发明了电话
He walks in the park every morning.	他每天早上在公园里散步
He went out of the room.	他走出了房间
I'd very much like to go.	我非常想离开
You'll succeed if you try.	如果你尝试的话
There are noticeable differences between the two.	两者之间有显著的差别
I am learning two foreign languages.	我正在学两门外语
You can probably guess what happens though.	但你很可能猜得到会发生什么
Do you really think that I look like Tom?	你真的觉得我长得像汤姆吗
I don't think he will come.	我不认为他会来
It's about time we went to bed.	差不多是我们就寝的时间了
They live in a rented house.	他们住在出租屋里
Tom claims he doesn't remember.	汤姆声称他不记得了
Let's continue the game after supper.	让我们在晚饭后继续这个游戏
She asked him to mail that letter.	她请他寄那封信
They have nothing to eat.	他们没有东西吃了
He made fun of me in public.	他在公共场合取笑了我
Did you just get here?	你刚到这里吗
Does Tom speak French better than Mary?	汤姆说法语比玛丽好吗
Not knowing what to say, he remained silent.	因为不知道该说什么
Where in Turkey do you live?	你在土耳其哪儿生活
Did you know that before?	你之前知道那个吗
How is your last name written?	你的姓氏怎么写
All I want is my freedom.	我只要自由
This cat doesn't chase mice.	这只猫不抓老鼠
You should have come earlier.	你应该早点来的
She sang better than him.	她唱得比他好
You should have come earlier.	你本应该来得更早的
Be careful. It's slippery here.	小心地滑
He will be very busy next month.	下个月他会很忙
Tell Tom what Mary asked you to do.	把玛丽交代你去做的事告诉汤姆
You have to be patient.	你必须有耐心
He endeavored to make his wife happy, but in vain.	他试著想让他妻子开心
Try hard.	努力
My mother is quite angry.	我母亲十分生气
In a crisis, you must get in touch with your teacher.	在危险的时候你必须跟你的老师联系
My father made a shelf for me.	我父亲为我做了个架子
Money rules the world.	金钱万能
The teacher made me repeat the sentence.	老师让我重复了这句话
People can't live without air.	没有空气
No one will see us.	没有人会看到我们
I heard a strange sound.	我听到一声怪响
You do have choices.	你有选择
He dropped the cup and broke it.	他把杯子掉到地板上打碎了
I really like my coworkers.	我确实喜欢我的同事
Tom is reading a book in his room.	汤姆正在自己房间里看书
He thought that I was very tired.	他认为我非常的累
What are you learning at school?	你在学校学些什么呀
She was often late for school.	她经常上学迟到
How is the weather?	天气怎样
I know how old you are.	我知道你多大了
They talked over the plan for hours.	他们谈计划谈了几个小时
I agree with your opinion about taxes.	我同意你对于税的意见
She's about the same age as I am.	她大约跟我同年纪
I always get along well with him.	我跟他总是相处得很好
I couldn't make myself understood.	我无法让别人了解我的意思
We'll be late for dinner.	我们的晚饭要晚点吃了
He refused my friend request.	他拒绝了我加好友的请求
I have no knife to cut with.	我没有刀子可用来切
Some people pursue only pleasure.	有些人只追求快乐
I didn't go to school last Monday.	上周一我没去上学
"Would you like some tea?" "Yes, please."	“	来杯茶吗
Call me tomorrow.	明天打电话给我
That child may have been kidnapped on his way home.	那个孩子可能在回家的路上被绑架了
We got lost in the woods.	我们在树林中迷路了
I just knew you would say that.	我就知道你会这么说
We had a lot to drink.	我们喝了很多
I really don't know that woman.	我完全不认识那个女人
"Whose chair is this?" "It is mine."	“	这是谁的椅子
Which book is yours?	哪本书是你的
I'm not a university student, but I'm brighter than them.	我不是一个大学生
They are at lunch.	他们在吃午饭
I'd like to dance.	我想要跳舞
She is on a diet.	她在节食中
I am eating rice.	我在吃米饭
He stressed the convenient aspects of city life.	他强调都市生活的便利方面
These apples look very fresh.	这些苹果看起来很新鲜
The meeting has almost ended.	会议接近了尾声
Why blame Tom?	为什么责备汤姆
I can't lift my right arm.	我无法举起我的右手臂
Long time, no see. I hear that you've changed your job again.	好久不见
How long have you been in Japan?	你去了日本多久
Don't worry so much.	别那么着急
That's my final answer.	这是我的最终回答
He knows many people.	他认识很多人
Tom knew how to do that.	汤姆知道怎么做那事
If you sang, they'd kick you out of the bar.	如果你唱歌了
It is hard for me to believe this.	我觉得这难以置信
I agree with that opinion.	我同意那个意见
This ticket is good for three days.	这张票三日有效
Hold fire.	停火
It snowed a lot last year.	去年下了很多雪
She lost a book.	她弄丢了一本书
Your brother won't buy it.	你哥哥不会买它
Let's not ever do this again.	我们再也别这样做了
It is getting lighter outside.	外面天色越来越亮了
You may use my dictionary.	你可以用我的字典
I'm reading the newspaper.	我正在读报纸
Thanks for your reply.	谢谢你的答复
We need to get some help.	我们需要人帮忙
When was it finished?	是什么时候完成的
Let's go back to lesson three.	让我们回到第三课
You're welcome to do anything you like.	您可以做任何您想做的事
Nobody voted against it.	没有人投反对票
I've never stopped loving Tom.	我从没停止过爱汤姆
She wants to be a designer.	她希望成为一名设计师
It would be crazy to do that again.	再做一次就真是发疯了
Our school is across the river.	我们学校在河的对面
Tom passed away on October 20, 2013.	汤姆逝世于
Tom became a minister.	汤姆当上了部长
This isn't safe.	这不安全
What is it made of?	这是什么做的
You may as well come with me.	你不如跟我一起来
I want something sweet to eat.	我想要吃甜的东西
I still haven't finished my homework.	我还没完成作业
I don't get the joke.	我没弄明白这个笑话
Due to the worsening weather, the departure was delayed.	由于天气变差
We didn't know how to do it, so we asked for help.	我们先前不知道要怎么做
We ate sandwiches for breakfast.	我们早餐吃了三明治
The tip of the spear was dipped in a deadly poison.	矛尖浸在一种致命的毒药里
I think it'll turn out fine.	我觉得没问题
I want this telephone.	我想要这部电话
I was a teacher.	我当过老师
I missed you very much yesterday.	我昨天非常想念你
I heard you.	我听你的
What do you think of that?	你认为如何
Mary is a very pretty girl.	玛丽是一个非常漂亮的姑娘
Do you have something to say to me?	你有事想对我说吗
Would 9 o'clock be all right?	9	点可以吗
I cannot agree with you on the matter.	在这件事上
The company cancelled the meeting.	公司取消了会议
He knows New York inside out.	他对纽约了如指掌
Don't put anything on top of the box.	盒子上面不要放任何东西
What did you do with those books?	你用那些书做什么
You can't use this washing machine.	你不能用这台洗衣机
It is rude to stare at strangers.	盯著陌生人看是不礼貌的
Tom should be worried.	Tom	应该要担心
Do you play the guitar?	你们弹吉他吗
This smells great! What are you cooking?	闻起来好香喔
Have you worked the puzzle out?	你解开谜团了吗
She was brought up by her grandmother.	她是由她的祖母带大的
Tom is my friend.	汤姆是我的朋友
This medicine doesn't have side effects.	这药没有副作用
Neither Tom nor Mary has been losing weight.	汤姆和玛丽减肥都没减下来
There is a spoon missing.	少了一把勺子
You are a friend of Tom's, aren't you?	你是汤姆的朋友
I don't understand this sentence.	我不明白这句话
The living room in my new house is very large.	我新家的客厅很宽敞
Tom lied to Mary.	汤姆对玛丽撒了谎
Get out of here.	离开这里
I'll have the same.	给我来一份一样的
It is dangerous to drink too much.	酒喝太多很危险
Maybe I should go help Tom.	或许我该去帮汤姆
The exhibition is already open.	展览现在已经开放
Do you have to make dinner?	你必须做晚饭吗
She held her breath.	她止住了呼吸
He's my younger brother.	他是我弟弟
It's been ten years since I came to this town.	我来这个镇有十年了
Everyone knows that Tom speaks good French.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
She was in a hurry.	她在赶时间
Japan relies on Arab countries for oil.	日本靠阿拉伯国家提供石油
It was my duty to do that.	做那事是我的责任
We weren't making fun of you.	我们没有笑话你
The equator divides the earth into two hemispheres.	赤道把地球分为两个半球
He disappeared without a trace.	他没有留下痕迹就消失了
I can help you, too.	我也能帮你
Why did you try to run away?	为什么你企图逃走
Fire is always dangerous.	火是非常危险的
Keep off the grass.	不要踩草地
I recorded our conversation.	我录下了我们的谈话
Remember to mail this letter.	记得要去寄这封信
You're a good person.	您是一个好人
I made a bet that she would win the game.	我赌她赢这比赛
How do I gain weight?	我怎么才能发胖
Our school is fifty years old.	我们学校有五十年的历史了
My mother left me a message.	我妈妈留了口信给我
I gazed at the sea for hours.	我望著海好几个小时
My whole family's from Boston.	我全家来自波士顿
There's no need to reply to that letter.	没有必要回那封信
You are a woman.	你是个女人
Sheep provide us with wool.	绵羊提供我们羊毛
Clean your room.	清扫你的房间
Everybody knew that Tom could speak French well.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
I didn't do it alone.	我没有独自做
Someone has brought us some grapes.	有人带了一些葡萄给我们
What's Tom's blood type?	汤姆的血型是甚么
Prices are high.	价格高
Three bulbs have burned out.	三个灯泡烧坏了
Could you please tell me again why you are late?	你能再向我解释一遍你为什么迟到了吗
Do you need this book?	你需要这本书吗
I haven't made up my mind yet.	我还没有拿定主意
I am a translator.	我是个翻译
Tom says he can communicate with the dead.	Tom	说他可以通灵
He is going to leave tomorrow afternoon.	他将在明天下午离开
Tom doesn't know who he can trust anymore.	汤姆不知道他还能再信任谁
The job is half done.	这项工作已经完成了一半
Creationism is a pseudo-science.	创造主义是一种伪科学
Tom would never have let us go if Mary hadn't gone with us.	如果我们不带上玛丽
He was in America at that time.	他当时在美国
I would like to sit in the non-smoking section.	我想坐在无烟区
She is not as patient as you.	她没像你那样有耐心
He was determined to go abroad.	他下定决心要出国了
What to do next is the question.	问题是下一步要做什么
Do you know how to ride a horse?	你会骑马吗
I'm playing baseball.	我在打棒球
You have a good memory.	你的记忆力很好
You must be tired after such a long trip.	在这么长程的旅途后你一定很累了
He should apologize for being rude to the guests.	他应该为自己对客人的粗鲁无礼而道歉
Please make the bed.	请整理床铺
Tom says Mary isn't tired.	汤姆说玛丽不累
The pain is unbearable.	疼痛令人难以忍受
We don't speak French.	我们不讲法语
All I really want to do is talk to Tom.	我真正想做的就是跟汤姆说话
What did Tom do today?	汤姆今天做了什么
I'm thinking of going abroad next year.	我在考虑明年去国外
In this kind of weather, it's best to stay home and not go outside.	这种天气下最好待在家里不要外出
I can't stand that kind of politician.	我受不了那种政治家
I didn't want to humiliate you.	我不是想要羞辱你
She got through her work before five.	她在五点钟前做完了她的工作
What do you call this?	这个叫什么
I don't like this idea.	我不喜欢这个主意
This is the nicest present I've ever received.	这是我得到过的最好的礼物
Tom has short hair.	汤姆
Tom and I have a lot more in common than I thought.	汤姆和我的共同点比我想的要多
He pretended not to be listening.	他假装听不见
You should have done it earlier. It cannot be helped now.	你本应该早点做的
She went to the movies by herself.	她独自去看了电影
Yes, I know it.	是的
A group of young men are playing handball in the playground.	一群年轻人在操场上打手球
I've been cheated before.	我以前被骗过
China is much bigger than Japan.	中国比日本大得多
I applied for a summer internship.	我应征了一个暑期实习
You ought to get to work on time.	你应该准时上班
Why do you want to become a nurse?	你为什么想成为护士呢
Tom is fearless.	汤姆无所畏惧
How can I get to the station?	我怎样才能到火车站
Children generally have a higher body temperature than adults.	小孩的体温一般比大人的要高
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with him.	我尽力追赶他
We're waiting for the right time.	我们在等对的时机
Please come again in three days time.	请在三天内回来
Someone is waiting for you downstairs.	楼下有人在等您
You have to choose.	你必须选
I'm first.	我是第一
You don't have any more time.	你没有时间了
Could you cancel my reservation?	你能取消我的预订吗
The stars are shining very brightly in the sky tonight.	今晚的夜空星光非常明亮
Tom should hear about this.	汤姆应该听听这个
What happened in the park?	公园里发生了甚么
I baked cookies.	我烤了曲奇
I still love her.	我仍然爱着她
I had a flu shot.	我接种了流感疫苗
I wish he were here now.	我希望他现在在这里
What's wrong with that?	那有什么不好
I eat bread.	我吃面包
Now's the time to decide whether you really want to get married or not.	现在是你决定是不是真要结婚的时候
Please call a taxi for this lady.	请为这位女士叫辆出租车
After two days our food gave out.	过两天我们的食物就发完了
He is used to speaking in public.	他习惯在公众场合说话
She considered his offer carefully.	她仔细考虑了他的提议
I study French after dinner every day.	我每天吃过晚饭后都会学法语
We had no secrets.	我们没有秘密
Slavic languages fascinate me.	斯拉夫语让我着迷
I'm sorry to bother you.	对不起打扰你了
When does it arrive?	它什么时候到
Tom has no idea what to do with all the junk in his garage.	汤姆不知道拿他车库的那些废物怎么办
Chocolate has more iron than spinach.	巧克力含有比菠菜更多的铁质
Are you available tonight?	今晚有空吗
Wait just a moment.	就等一会儿
The barometer is falling. It is going to rain.	气压计下降了
This car isn't worth repairing.	这辆车不值得修理
I don't think it's good.	我不觉得它很好
The girl was gazing at the doll.	女孩凝视着洋娃娃
Please stop fighting.	请您们别再吵了
I'm afraid of dentists.	我怕牙医
I love French.	我爱法语
He read the letter over and over.	他把信读了一遍又一遍
Don't let that happen again.	不要再让这种事发生了
I don't really like the stores there.	我不是很喜欢那里的商店
Tom began to sing.	汤姆开始唱歌
We've not done well.	我们没有做好
I always keep promises.	我总是信守承诺
This is a good movie.	这是一部好电影
This article is of no value.	这篇文章没有价值
I bathe once a day.	我每天洗一次澡
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.	他昨天到了东京
The top of the mountain is covered in snow.	山顶被雪覆盖了
A stranger came into the building.	一个陌生人进了大楼
Don't let your guard down.	不要放松警惕
My sister made me a beautiful doll.	我姊姊做了一个漂亮的娃娃给我
Are those explosives?	那些是爆炸物吗
We managed to get there on time.	我们总算准时到那里了
Why isn't anyone visiting my website?	为什么没人来我的网站呢
Tom picked up the book.	汤姆捡起了书
Your proposal is a bit extreme.	你的建议有点极端
I suggest we go out on Friday.	我建议我们星期五出去玩
If I were rich, I'd go abroad.	如果我有钱了
Tom doesn't have very many friends.	汤姆的朋友不是很多
I am engaged to her.	我跟她订婚了
Forewarned is forearmed.	凡事要预先准备好
There's not a drop of water left.	没有剩下一滴水
Happiness can't be bought.	幸福是买不到的
Tom bought a mobile phone.	汤姆买了个手机
I stayed up till very late last night.	我昨晚睡得很晚
When can we eat?	我们什么时候可以吃
How about Thai food?	泰国菜怎么样
Could you teach me how to play the piano?	您能教我弹钢琴吗
I'm sorry. I got the wrong number.	对不起
We furnished the refugees with blankets.	我们提供了难民们毛毯
London is the capital of England.	伦敦是英国的首都
Tom was the one who suggested that I buy this.	汤姆是建议我买这个的人
I'm a hero.	我是个英雄
My brother is a teacher.	我的哥哥是老师
I need to give you an injection.	我得给你打一针
She borrowed a saw from the farmer.	她向农夫借了一把锯子
Which of the composers do you like best?	你最喜欢哪位作曲家
He did all he could to protect his son.	他尽一切所能去保护他的儿子
I don't know if I have the time.	我不知道我有没有时间
Let me know where you're staying.	让我知道你住在哪里
Allow me to go.	请允许我去
I like playing tennis.	我喜欢打网球
I decided to study abroad.	我决定出国留学了
This one's yours.	这个是你的
Tom did a very good job today.	汤姆今天做得非常好
The path zigzagged up the steep slope.	这条小路沿著陡峭的斜坡蜿蜒而上
I feed my cat every morning and every evening.	每天早晚
Dinosaurs died out a very long time ago.	恐龙在很久以前灭绝了
I want you to work harder.	我希望你更加努力地工作
The man ate bread.	这个男人吃了面包
I want to eat some cake first.	我想先吃点蛋糕
Tom should've known better.	汤姆应该更清楚
Tom follows orders.	汤姆服从命令
Do you have other family?	你有其他家人吗
I was angry because he was late.	因为他迟到了
I'm translating a book.	我在翻译一本书
Tom works at home.	汤姆在家工作
I'm not going to do anything to you.	我不会对你做任何事
You're so stupid.	你真傻
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.	牛在牧地上吃草
They are high school students.	他们是高中生
His watch is ten minutes slow.	他的手表慢了十分钟
No one's stopping you.	没有人在阻止你
Be careful. It's very sharp.	小心点
I spent twelve hours on the train.	我在火车上待了
I took a look around.	我看了看周围
She is only a child.	她只是个孩子
The food's not ready yet.	饭还没做好
How did you come by this money?	用这些钱你怎么来的
Tom studies at Harvard.	汤姆在哈佛学习
I'm going to go there with Tom.	我要和汤姆去那里
She was very embarrassed when her child behaved badly in public.	当她的孩子在公共场合行为表现不好的时候
I don't want anything to drink.	我什么都不想喝
I'd like a glass of water.	我想要一杯水
Tom didn't have enough time to answer all the questions on the test.	汤姆考试时没时间答完所有题
Come in, the door's open.	进来
I've been on vacation.	我在休假
Come as soon as possible.	尽快来
"Would you like any more?" "No, I've had enough."	"	你想再多吃点吗
I cut myself shaving this morning.	我今天早上刮胡子的时候把自己弄伤了
Tom seems to be much happier than me.	汤姆看来比我高兴
He reads a great deal.	他读很多书
I'm afraid that I differ with you on this point.	恐怕就这点上
Are you sure Tom is happy?	你确定汤姆高兴吗
Tom knows what we're doing.	汤姆知道我们在做什么
Sir, can we quickly inspect your luggage please?	先生
I was waiting for a taxi.	我等着出租车
Tell him to mind his own business.	告诉他别多管闲事
Tom and Mary own a small organic farm.	汤姆和玛丽拥有一个小型的有机农场
What are you here for?	你为什么在这
Don't confuse desire with love.	不要把欲望和爱情混为一谈
Tom can't stay.	汤姆不能留下
Switzerland is famous for its scenic beauty.	瑞士以它的风景优美而闻名
Thank you for dancing with me.	谢谢你一起和我跳舞
Few people live to be 100 years old.	很少人活到
Where can you get tickets?	在哪里可以买到车票
I think you're a really nice guy.	我认为你真的是一个好人
Wait. Come back.	等等
Seriously?	认真的
I need a lot of books.	我需要很多书
I feel very sick.	我觉得我病得很厉害
He's the manager of the marketing department.	他是营销部的负责人
She is now eighty-one years old.	她现在八十一岁了
Jazz fusion is a combination of rock and jazz.	融合爵士是摇滚乐与爵士乐的融合
If you do not have this program, you can download it now.	假如你没有这个程序
Mary has as attractive a personality as her sister.	玛丽性格很好
Someone pushed me inside.	有人推我到里面
He regrets not having worked harder at school.	他后悔在校时没用功读书
Make it smaller.	把它弄小一点
I'll stake my reputation on it.	我赌上我的名声
After reading his books I feel I can construct a house.	读完他的书后
I'm already full, thank you.	我已经吃饱了
I saw what Tom did.	我见识到了汤姆的作为
I want an MP3 player!	我想要一个
You'll have to play it by ear at the interview.	在面试的时候你必须见机行事
It's said that Tokyo is a very safe city.	人们都说
I took the elevator to the fourth floor.	我搭电梯去了四楼
I forgot to lock the drawer.	我忘记锁上抽屉了
We should always try to help others.	我们应该尽力帮助他人
We have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.	我们养了两只狗
He found a ball in the garden.	他在花园里找到了一颗球
What time is it?	几点了
I bought two pairs of trousers.	我买了两条裤子
I don't have a computer at home.	我家没有电脑
What you said is baloney.	你说的东西是胡扯
It's been snowing all night.	雪下了一整夜
I'll give you whatever you want.	我会给你你想要的任何事物
Tom told me he'd be right back.	汤姆告诉我他会马上回来
Keep working.	继续工作
Do you know how to dance?	你会跳舞吗
The neighborhood was silent.	社区是安静的
I'll take this umbrella.	我将拿这把伞
We need assistance.	我们需要帮助
Tom's hope was to win first prize.	汤姆希望赢得第一名
Money makes the world go round.	金钱万能
The store can supply us with anything we need.	这家商店可以提供所有我们需要的东西
She's good at tennis.	她擅长打网球
The green team lost.	绿队被打败了
What's the purpose of your trip?	你旅行的目的是什么
Tom looked at the photograph.	汤姆看了看照片
That makes sense.	那是有道理的
It's been a long time.	好久不见了
I took it for granted that he would pass the exam.	我理所当然地觉得
The parking lot is free of charge.	停车场是免费的
What time will you have breakfast?	你什么时候吃早餐
The world is running out of oil.	世界上的石油快用完了
The quickest means of travel is by plane.	旅行最快的方式是乘飞机
I found you, didn't I?	我找到你了
They're children.	她们是孩子
I didn't get his joke.	我不懂他的玩笑话
I avoid discussing personal subjects with my boss.	我避免跟老板讨论个人话题
You should use a deodorant.	你应该用一下除臭剂
I can't explain it now.	我现在不能解释
We want peace in the world.	我们希望世界和平
The men are wearing short sleeves.	男人们穿著短袖上衣
What did they say?	他们说了些什么
I am a student, but he isn't.	我是个学生
Wait here for a while.	在这儿等一会儿
Stand aside.	一边站着
She is able to speak ten languages.	她会十门语言
This ball is that boy's treasure.	这个球是那个男孩的宝贝
I'll be seeing you.	我会见到你
We caught some large fish there.	我们在那里抓了一些大鱼
I don't want to be friends with you.	我不想跟你交朋友
He arrived in time.	他准时来了
You're the only friend I have.	你是我唯一的朋友
Cross out the incorrect words.	划掉错误的单词
This is a matter of the utmost importance.	这件事至关重要
You need a large vocabulary to read that book.	你读那本书需要大量词汇
Tom can write almost like a native speaker, but his pronunciation is terrible.	Tom	写作可以写的像本国人一样
My aunt grows tomatoes in her garden.	我阿姨在她的花园种蕃茄
I am quite all right now.	我一切都很好
How did you arrive at this conclusion?	你们怎么得出这个结论的
Do you think I'm joking?	你觉得我是在开玩笑吗
He is a biologist.	他是一个生物学家
I think you should eat a ham sandwich.	我认为你该吃火腿三明治
I'll never forget your kindness.	我永远不会忘记你的亲切
My aunt made a new skirt for me.	我婶婶做了一条新裙子给我
There were no mistakes.	没有错误
I'm at home.	我在家里
Let me die.	让我去死
The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more.	最好的减肥方法就是少吃多运动
I think Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.	我觉得当汤姆发现他买来的画是赝品的时候
I wanted to go there.	我想去那里
He sat next to the stream.	他坐在溪流旁边
I arrived at school on time.	我按时到了学校
This door is locked from the inside.	这门从里面被反锁了
I know Tom is allergic to bees.	我知道汤姆对蜜蜂过敏
I worked all this week.	这周我一直在工作
Tom exaggerated.	汤姆言过其实
I'm glad I was able to help.	能够出一份力太好了
Would you lend me a pencil?	能借我支铅笔吗
They turned around.	他们转过身
I opened one eye.	我睁开一只眼睛
Because of its origins, Canadian English has features of both American and British English.	由于它的起源
It's illegal to park your car here.	把车停在这里是违法的
You may choose whichever book you like.	你可以选择任何你喜欢的书
Can you really swim?	你真的会游泳吗
Tom is a distant relative of mine.	汤姆是我的远亲
Are you a practicing physician?	你是执业医师吗
Tom showed up at about 2:30.	汤姆两点半左右到的
Do you like any of these pictures?	你喜欢这些照片里的任何一张吗
"Shall I have him call you when he gets back?" "Yes, please."	“	等他回来
When do you practice the piano?	你什么时候练习弹钢琴
I had no choice.	那时我没有选择的余地
How about playing chess tonight?	今晚下棋怎么样
You'll never know the truth.	你永远不会知道真相
I really don't know Tom.	我真不了解汤姆
Tom hasn't said a word all morning.	汤姆整整一个上午一句话也没说
Her mother is writing a letter.	她的母亲正在写信
It was absolutely brilliant.	它真是太妙了
He is always complaining.	他总是在抱怨
Let's play soccer.	去踢足球吧
He left an hour ago.	他一小时前走了
It sounds like they're not going to leave.	听着好像他们不打算走
I'll pay you the money tomorrow.	我明天会付钱给你
I must go now.	我现在必须走了
Are you hiding something?	你是不是瞒着我什么
Today is the hottest day this year.	今天是今年最热的一天
I have two cars.	我有两辆车
I've been very busy lately.	我最近忙得很
You have to go.	你们得走了
He arrived at school exactly on time.	他刚好准时到校
Are you planning to help them?	你打算帮助他们吗
He knows how to play baseball.	他知道怎么玩棒球
My camera was stolen on the train.	我的照相机在火车上被偷了
I don't like the way she speaks.	我不喜欢她说话的态度
That means a lot to me.	那对我来说意义重大
I hope you will call again.	我希望你会再打一次电话
She is proficient in French.	她精通法语
That's my younger sister's photograph.	那是我妹妹的照片
Tom became tired.	汤姆累了
I let my sister use my new computer.	我让我妹妹用我的新电脑
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.	太阳从东边升起
Would you like to have a drink before dinner?	晚饭前您想喝一杯吗
Our baby can't talk yet.	我家宝宝还不会说话
He dried himself with a towel.	他用毛巾弄干自己
I have nothing more to do today.	我今天没有更多的事要做的了
I finally got hold of that book I wanted.	我最终得到了我要的那本书
The weather is good today.	今天天气很好
Don't worry about others.	不用担心其他人
Don't ask any questions.	别提问
When did you last see Tom?	你最后一次看到汤姆是什么时候
Is there anything you can't do?	有你不能做的事吗
Carrots cost three dollars.	胡萝卜要三美元
I'm not a student.	我不是学生
What do you know about the CIA?	你知道中央情报局的什么
I was asked whether I wanted to do that.	我被问到我是不是要这么做
Smoking affects your health.	吸烟有害健康
Tom died in battle.	汤姆在战斗中死了
Philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months.	哲学不是我们用六个月就能学的东西
This is too expensive!	这太贵了
Have you been fired?	你曾经被开除过吗
She suggested to me that I call off the meeting.	她建议我取消会议
My father bought me a new bicycle.	父亲买了一辆新自行车给我
You live and learn.	你一面生活一面学习
Soccer is more popular than tennis.	足球比网球更受欢迎
You must send for the doctor.	你必须派人去请医生来
Don't let that happen again!	不要再让这种事发生了
You're always late.	你总是迟到
I'm very ashamed of myself about what I've done.	我对自己的作为很内疚
I go to school every day.	我每天都去学校
I'll send a letter to my mother.	我会给我的母亲寄封信
Did you tell on me?	你告发我了吗
Tom is your age.	汤姆与你年龄相仿
The doctor told her that she should take a rest.	医生告诉她要静养
We ate fresh fruit after dinner.	我们晚饭后吃新鲜水果
This song makes me think of when I was young.	这首歌使我想起了我年轻的时候
We do the best we can.	我们尽我们所能
I'm about ready.	我快好了
Feel this. It's really soft.	来摸摸这个感觉一下
I told the policeman what I knew.	我告诉了警察我所知道的
Tom could've figured that out without any help.	汤姆能不依靠任何帮助解决那事
Don't make trouble.	别闹事
Please tell me your address.	请告诉我你的地址
I would rather live by myself than do as he tells me to do.	我宁愿自己独立生活也不要他来指使我
Will you dance with me?	你愿意和我跳舞吗
I know that you hired Tom.	我知道你雇了汤姆
We can't escape.	我们逃不出去
She decided to marry him.	她决定和他结婚
Stay calm.	保持冷静
He died three years ago.	他三年前死了
If you're not listening to the radio, turn it off.	要是你不在听广播的话
He came in person.	他亲自来了
Last year, he spent three months at sea.	去年他在海上度过了三个月
I didn't know that he was there.	我不知道他在那里
The sky is full of stars.	天空中繁星点点
It's as smooth as a baby's bottom.	它像婴儿的屁股一样光滑
It's about time to start.	差不多该开始了
That boy used to drop in on me.	那男孩儿来访过我家
The precise time of their arrival is not known.	他们到逹的确切时间还未定
We sometimes make mistakes.	有时我们会犯错
He fell backward.	他向后跌倒了
Do you know anything about complex carbohydrates?	你对复合碳水化合物有什么了解吗
They're gone.	他们离开了
She took a bite of the apple.	她咬了一口苹果
This is where the accident happened.	这里就是事故发生的地方
The moment I held the baby in my arms, it began to cry.	我一把孩子抱在手里
I'll show you to the station.	我会告诉你去车站的路
We had a heavy rainfall last night.	昨晚雨势很大
You have beautiful eyes.	你的眼睛真漂亮
I don't think that he will come.	我不认为他会来
"Where were you?" "I was at a friend's house."	“	你在哪里
You should be more reasonable.	你应该更明智一点
I plan to break up with her.	我打算与她分手
He can play tennis very well.	他网球打得很好
My watch has been stolen.	我的表被偷了
I had some calls to make.	我要打几个电话
I bought them each a present.	我买给了他们每人一份礼物
I almost laughed out loud.	我差点大声笑了出来
He moved into my neighborhood.	他搬到了我家附近
Tom is afraid to ride the subway.	汤姆害怕坐地铁
I'd like an aisle seat, please.	请给我靠走道的位子
Tom's uncle keeps a lot of sheep.	汤姆的叔叔养了很多羊
Give some meat to the dog.	给这只狗一些肉
He lives somewhere about here.	他住在这附近某个地方
If he studied hard, he would pass the test.	如果他努力学习
I don't know his address.	我不知道他的地址
About how much will I have to pay for all the treatments?	所有的医药费我大概要付多少
Do you plan to go abroad?	你打算出国吗
My son always gets sick when he rides a bus.	我的儿子每次乘坐公交车都会晕车
Right at that instant, the bus stopped.	就在那时
I didn't expect to hear back from Tom so soon.	我没想到这么快就收到汤姆的回信
I hope that you give this book a read.	我希望你读读这本书
I will show you some pictures.	我会让你看照片
She dreamed that she was a princess.	她梦见她是一个公主
It's difficult to quit smoking.	戒烟难
It's rude to talk during a concert.	在音乐会中讲话是不礼貌的
They say that love is blind.	人们说爱情是盲目的
We want to know the facts.	我们想知道真相
Mary isn't really sick. She's faking it.	玛丽不是真病
Tom wasn't going to do anything to you.	汤姆不打算给你做任何事
He told me to do it, so I did it.	他让我做
Tom said he wanted to cry.	汤姆说他想哭
I got my notebook stolen.	有人把我的笔记本电脑偷掉了
What do you want to be?	您想成为什么
She was not a very good pianist.	她不是一个很好的钢琴家
Part of the roof blew off.	屋顶有一部分被刮走了
Are you busy now?	现在你忙吗
Neptune is the eighth planet of the solar system.	海王星是太阳系第八个行星
Give the cat some meat.	给猫喂点肉
What does this pen cost?	这支笔多少钱
The soldiers were guarding the bridge.	士兵们守卫著这座桥
Who solved the hard problem?	谁解决了这个难题
My watch has stopped.	我的表停了
How much is it?	多少钱
Christmas drew near.	圣诞节近了
The bus was two minutes early.	巴士早了两分钟
He is a member of the baseball club.	他是这棒球俱乐部的成员
Tom and I know each other quite well.	汤姆和我互相很了解
Tom said it was cold in Boston this time of year.	汤姆说一年中这时候波士顿很冷
Let me say one thing.	让我说一件事情
Tom begged his father to buy him a new bicycle.	汤姆求他父亲给他买新自行车
I was surprised.	我吃了一惊
This is my project.	这是我的项目
Large houses are not necessarily comfortable to live in.	大房子不一定适合住
Nobody else offered to help.	没有其他人伸出援手
She was coming down the stairs.	她下楼
I have to give back the book before Saturday.	我必须在礼拜六之前把书还回去
She likes jazz, and so do I.	她喜欢爵士乐
Such a plan is bound to fail.	这样的计划注定会失败的
Tom is afraid someone will see him.	汤姆怕有人看到他
Can you solve this problem?	你能解决这个问题呢吗
We should've been more careful.	我们应该更小心的
How long did it take you to write this report?	你写这份报告花了多长时间
How much do you want in terms of salary?	您想要多少工资
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as Mary.	汤姆可能不知道如何像玛丽一样做得好
Tom promised to try again.	汤姆答应再试一次
I helped him yesterday.	昨天我帮了他
She has a gift for prophecy.	她有预言的能力
She tried to persuade him to attend the meeting.	她试图说服他来参加会议
Pardon me, but that's my racket.	抱歉
Did you have a good time last night?	你昨天晚上过得好吗
He accused me of having stolen his watch.	他指控我偷了他的手表
The volcano has become active again.	这座火山又开始活动了
I love drinking tea.	我很爱喝茶
I love music.	我爱音乐
There are several ways to measure speed.	测速的方法有很多
Have you already bought the tickets?	你已经买了票吗
I work with her boyfriend.	我和她的男朋友在一起上班
He looks a bit tired, doesn't he?	他看起来有点累
She's a frequent visitor to this country.	她经常来这个国家
I got out of the taxi.	我从出租车上下来
He agrees with my opinion.	他同意我的意见
He is a bit like his father.	他有点像他的父亲
I know this is important to you.	我知道这对您来说很重要
Go away.	走开
She appears to have a lot of friends.	她看起来好像有很多朋友
Tom was an Olympic swimmer.	汤姆是奥运会游泳运动员
It was through his influence that she became interested in ecology.	她开始对生态学感兴趣
The baby was fast asleep in her mother's arms.	孩子在母亲的怀中熟睡
Orange juice, please.	柳橙汁
Keep it up!	坚持
He sang some old songs.	他唱了些老歌
I think I'm right.	我想我是对的
I agree with what you say to some extent.	在某种程度上
What's the meaning of this word?	这个字是什么意思
It isn't something that anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
Many students like to study in the morning.	许多学生喜欢在早上学习
English is just one of over 2,700 languages in the world today.	今天
One hundred years is called a century.	一百年被叫做一个世纪
In a few minutes we'll be landing at New Tokyo International Airport.	我们将于几分钟内降落在新东京国际机场
You should practice playing the violin every day.	你应该每天练习拉小提琴
Can I help?	我可以帮忙吗
He hit his head against a rock.	他的头撞倒了一块岩石
How hot is that?	那个东西有多热
There is a cat in the kitchen.	厨房里有一只猫
How about taking a walk with us?	跟我们一起散步怎么样
You'll never achieve anything if you don't study harder.	如果你不更加努力地学习
I gave my sister a dictionary.	我给了我妹妹一本字典
Aren't there any qualified applicants?	没有合格的申请人吗
He hid himself behind a large rock.	他藏到一个大石头后面了
We are sorry we can't help you.	我们很遗憾没能帮助你们
Isn't this what Tom asked for?	这不是汤姆要的吗
We're a family.	我们是个家庭
Could I see you in private?	我能私下见你吗
The girl who works at the bakery is cute.	在面包房工作的姑娘很可爱
Do you know how to use this?	你知道怎么使用吗
He changed the topic of conversation.	他转变了话题
I prefer to travel by air.	我宁愿搭飞机旅行
Come as soon as you can.	尽快来
There's no salt.	没有盐
My father is retiring next spring.	我爸爸明年春天就要退休了
I like red roses.	我喜欢红色的玫瑰
May I introduce myself?	我可以自我介绍吗
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.	苹果掉落的地方不会离树干很远
Come with me.	跟我走
Was the baby crying then?	那时婴儿正在哭吗
How is your new class?	新的班级怎么样
Have you been well?	最近过得好吗
I'll admit I'm wrong.	我承认我错了
They would never meet again.	他们不会再见面了
I wonder if Tom really wanted to go to Australia with Mary.	我怀疑汤姆是不是真的想和玛丽一起去澳大利亚
The equator divides the globe into two hemispheres.	赤道把地球分为两个半球
I want you to tell me the truth.	我想要你把真相告诉我
She is dieting.	她在节食
Have you heard from her recently?	你最近有她的音讯吗
Do you want more?	你想要更多吗
I've heard this joke before.	我以前听过这笑话
Thank you for the advice.	谢谢你的建议
I was watching television when the telephone rang.	电话响的时候
You're the only one who understands me.	只有你懂我
These containers are airtight.	这些容器是密封的
I don't like this jacket.	我不喜欢那件夹克
That's terrible.	这太可怕了
He got the book down from the shelf.	他从架上拿下书
Actually, it was pretty boring.	实际上
Clearly you are mistaken.	显然的
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often.	行胜于言
I'm closing the door.	我在关门
I don't see why not.	我看不出为什么不
Sooner or later his luck will run out.	迟早他的运气会用完
Those men are Canadians.	那些男人是加拿大人
Once upon a time, there was a beautiful princess.	从前有个美丽的公主
He married an air hostess.	他娶了一个空姐
Is Tom going to dump Mary?	汤姆要甩了玛丽吗
When is it convenient for you?	你什么时候方便
You can dig dirt from the ground.	你可以在地上挖土
This toy is made of wood.	这玩具是用木头做的
I'm not as brave as Tom.	我不像汤姆那样勇敢
They always complain.	他们总是抱怨
I have to go to the toilet.	我要去上厕所
I think it's possible Tom may come.	我觉得汤姆有可能会来
She's really smart, isn't she?	她真的很聪明
At first, I thought I was sick.	一开始
My grandmother suffers from osteoporosis.	我外婆患有骨质疏松症
That company deals mainly in imported goods.	这公司主要做进口货物的生意
How are things at school?	学校怎么样
I am divorced.	我离婚了
Tom sat at his desk working.	汤姆在他的桌边工作
We played basketball in the gym.	我们在体育馆打篮球
He is doing very well considering he lacks experience.	考虑到他缺乏经验
I want to just focus on the positive.	我只想注意积极方面
Football is more popular than tennis.	足球比网球更受欢迎
I'm looking for a coat in my size.	我在找有我尺寸的上衣
I've quit drinking beer.	我已经不喝啤酒了
Between you and me, I'm going to quit my present job soon.	我只跟你说
I forgot the date of the meeting.	我忘了会议的日期
I've finished watering the flowers.	我已经浇完花了
This is neat.	这很棒
The price of eggs is going up.	蛋的价格正在上涨
Did somebody hit Tom?	有人打汤姆了吗
Have you ever seen sausage being made?	你见过灌肠的做法吗
Barbecuing is forbidden here.	此处禁止烤肉
We have to try to communicate with them.	我们要设法跟他们交流
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.	每次下雨屋顶就漏水
She began crying.	她开始哭泣
He keeps making the same mistake.	他总是犯同样的错误
We still have more time.	我们仍然有更多的时间
I repeated the word several times for her.	我为她重复念这个字很多遍
We'll have lived here for two years next April.	到明年四月我们住在这儿就满两年了
I couldn't control my anger.	我无法遏制住我的怒火
A good idea suddenly came to me.	我的大脑里突然出现了一个很好的想法
I made other plans.	我另有计划
The students are all at their desks now.	学生们现在都坐在桌前
Tom abstained from voting.	汤姆投票弃权
I'm already married.	我已婚
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.	我对汉堡感到厌烦了
He has a sharp tongue.	他是刀子嘴
I'm sure you'll never regret it.	我确定你永不后悔
Her birthday party will be tomorrow evening.	她的生日宴会将在明天晚上
I like the cold.	我喜欢寒冷
I have just finished eating.	我刚刚吃完
Could you take this, please?	请你拿这个好吗
I do not sleep well.	我睡不好
What do you call this bird?	这只鸟叫作什么
One good friend is better than ten relatives.	一个好友胜过十个亲戚
Do you have any smaller sizes?	你有任何比较小的尺寸吗
I don't think we'd have any chance of winning.	我认为我们没有机会赢
I studied in the morning during the summer vacation.	我在暑假里早晨学习
I had my watch stolen yesterday.	我的手表昨天被偷了
I saw him crossing the road.	我看见他穿过了马路
He drove the truck to Dallas.	他开卡车到达拉斯
Why is change so hard?	为什么改变那么难
Any child can do that.	任何小孩都能做到
I've been in prison.	我进过监狱
I'm sure that she's correct.	我很肯定她是正确的
How do you heat the house?	您怎么让屋子暖起来
Are you afraid of being fired?	你害怕被解雇吗
Science begins when you ask why and how.	为何如何
He studies English, but he's also studying German.	他学英语
For me, this isn't a problem.	对我来说这就不是个问题
I cannot stop it.	我无法阻止它
Are you free tomorrow afternoon?	你明天下午有空吗
That's what I want.	那就是我想要的
The train is 10 minutes late today.	火车今天晚了十分钟
She plays golf every weekend.	她每周末都打高尔夫球
The picture is in black and white.	那幅画是黑白的
Come on, let's go.	来吧
When he shouted, the veins in his neck stood out clearly.	当他咆哮时
I'm faster.	我更快
The fire alarm sounded.	火警警报响了
He is one of the greatest artists in Japan.	他是日本最伟大的艺术家之一
He was able to solve the problem.	他能解决这个问题
Is there anything else you'd like?	还有什么想要的吗
A great number of books are published every year.	每年都有大量新书出版
What is it that you want?	你想要什么
I have something to tell you.	我有事要告诉你
How much does this umbrella cost?	这把伞多少钱
She is not afraid of anything.	她不害怕任何东西
Thank you.	谢谢
Excuse me, I'm lost.	不好意思
Can you read?	你能阅读吗
How are you?	你们好吗
Do you have it?	你们有吗
Tom started the engine.	汤姆发动了引擎
She was asked to write her name in ink.	她被要求用墨水写下她的名字
Mt. Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.	富士山是日本最高的山
There's nothing I can do.	没有我可以做的事
Do we have enough food?	我们有足够的食物吗
Tom knows exactly how I like my hair done.	汤姆很清楚我喜欢什么样的发型
We're going downtown to eat pizza.	我们要去市中心吃比萨
He has three brothers.	他有三名兄长
You seem to be an honest man.	你看起来像个老实人
I wrote this book.	我写了这本书
Tom may be able to come tomorrow.	汤姆可能能在明天来
Tom doesn't know why I'm here.	汤姆不知道我为什么在这里
They got thoroughly wet in the rain.	他们在雨中被淋得全身都湿了
Fortunately, no passengers were injured.	万幸
If you came, that would be great.	要是你来得了
Can you weigh this, please?	请你称一下这个的重量好吗
Is that car yours?	那是你的车吗
Tom is working the night shift.	汤姆上夜班
Let go of my arm! I can't stand people touching me.	放开我的手臂
My friends invited me to dinner.	我的朋友邀请我去吃晚饭
You refused to do that, didn't you?	你拒绝去做
I'd like to go with Tom.	我想跟汤姆走
He's a high school student.	他是一名高中学生
I don't expect that they will support my view.	我不期望
All the dogs are alive.	所有狗都活着
Your answer is correct.	你的答案是正确的
Is there enough food for everyone?	有足够的食物给大家吗
Tom abandoned them.	汤姆抛弃了他们
Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's.	德国在
He is giving me a hard time.	他跟我过不去
"Have you seen my cell phone?" "It's on the table."	"	你有看到我的手机吗
I feel like going to the movies.	我想去看电影
I will be busy this afternoon.	我今天下午会很忙
He has written a letter.	他写了一封信
He doesn't come here every day.	他不是每天都来这
Tom is now on vacation.	汤姆正在度假
Why can't we talk now?	为什么我们现在不能讲
I've decided to go a little further.	我准备再前进一点
Both Tom and Mary can speak French.	汤姆和玛丽两个人都会说法语
Traffic was blocked by a landslide.	交通被山崩所阻断
Teaching English is his profession.	教英语是他的职业
I took off my hat and entered the church.	我摘下帽子进了教堂
He's a Japanese boy.	他是个日本少年
I believe that he's happy.	我相信他是幸福的
I don't want to buy a newspaper today.	我今天不想买报纸
I had a good sleep last night.	我昨晚睡得很好
Don't you remember what you said?	自己说过的话都不记得了吗
Everyone was OK.	大家都还行
There is a post office close by.	附近有一间邮局
We must cancel our trip to Japan.	我们必须取消我们去日本的旅行
Tom was hit by a truck and died instantly.	汤姆被卡车撞到而且当场死亡
Nothing is worse than war.	没有什么比战争更糟的了
I had no choice but to stay in bed all day.	我不得不一整天都待在床上
It's about a ten-minute drive from here.	从这里大约
A beautiful girl sat next to me.	一个美丽的女孩坐在我旁边
I will stand by you whatever happens.	不论发生什么事
This is my notebook.	这本是我的笔记本
How many people work there?	有多少人在那里工作
You haven't even asked me what I think.	你甚没问过我怎么想
Biting your fingernails is a bad habit.	咬指甲是个坏习惯
Did you watch the soccer game on television?	你在电视上看足球赛了吗
I don't have any experience.	我什么经验都没有
He'll be back home soon.	他很快就会回家
Please speak more loudly.	请说更大声一点
I'm going to see what I can do.	我要看看我能做甚么
The cup is on the table.	杯子在桌上
Many workers were trapped in the coal mine.	有很多工人被困在煤矿里了
I am in trouble.	我遇到困难了
Do you really believe that's what happened?	你真的相信那发生了吗
Let's divide this money between you and me.	这钱你和我分了吧
A parrot can mimic a person's voice.	鹦鹉会模仿人的声音
It is wrong to tell a lie.	说谎不好
His advice counted for little.	他的建议不算什么
You are taller than me.	你们比我还高
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.	你所要做的便是好好把握这千载难逢的机会
The family is eating breakfast on the balcony.	一家人在阳台上吃早饭
As soon as the door opened, they ran away.	门一开
You're a real friend.	你是个真正的朋友
Stay and have a drink with us.	留下来和我们一起喝酒吧
It's me.	是我
What language is this?	这是什么语言
Your house was easy to find.	你家很容易发现
TV plays an important part in everyday life.	电视在日常生活中起着重要的作用
Who is she?	她是谁
The price of meat dropped.	肉价下跌了
He wants to kiss her.	他想亲她
You're the man I've been looking for.	你就是我一直要找的人
The news of his death spread around.	他去世的消息传遍各地
Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.	结婚是所有离婚的主要原因
I have a terrible headache.	我头痛得厉害
Cars are expensive.	车子很贵
What does he want to do?	他到底想干嘛
Tom finally understood it.	汤姆最终明白了
I almost stepped on a skunk last night.	我昨晚差点踩到一只臭鼬
Don't move!	别动
These are the medicines I use.	这些是我吃的药
Tom saw everything that happened.	汤姆见证了所有发生的事情
You don't have to wait until the end.	你没必要待到最后
I haven't done that since high school.	高中毕业之后我就没那样做过了
You're not going in the right direction.	你要南辕北辙了
You must come back before it gets dark.	你必须在天黑前回来
A lot of people swim here in the summer.	许多人夏天在这里游泳
The road runs parallel to the river.	这条路与河流平行
To what extent can he be trusted?	可以相信他到什么程度
I'm sick.	我病了
What time will you leave the office?	你几点离开办公室
Get off my lawn.	滚出我的草坪
I need to search for my pen.	我得查找一下我的笔
She invited us to her birthday party.	她邀请我们去她的生日派对
I'm not busy now.	我现在不忙
Imagination affects every part of our lives.	想像力影响着我们生活的各个方面
I don't have the address now.	我没有现在的地址
Get up early in the morning.	早上要早起
What did you answer?	您怎么回答的
Tom is a normal teenager.	汤姆是个普通的青少年
Most boys like computer games.	大多数男生喜欢电脑游戏
Several minutes later, the telephone rang.	几分钟后
Please answer this question for me.	请回答我这个问题
Call Tom now.	现在给汤姆打电话
This is Tom's car.	这是汤姆的车
My uncle's company launched a new product last month.	舅舅的公司上个月推出了一款新产品
I'm not afraid to die.	我不怕死
They are both in the room.	他们俩都在房间里
Tangerines contain a lot of vitamin C.	柳丁含有大量的维生素
It's really big.	它很大
What made her do that?	为什么她要做这种事情呢
Tom said he didn't see anything.	汤姆说了他什么也没看到
I feel like another beer.	我想再来一杯啤酒
Do you eat pasta?	你吃意面吗
Put away your bicycle.	把你的自行车放好
She used margarine instead of butter.	她用人造黄油代替了黄油
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and dumb.	海伦凯勒眼盲
I agreed with him on the plan.	对于这个计划我同意他的意见
I want you to read this book.	我想让你读这本书
She didn't think so.	她没这么想
I'm so happy.	我太高兴了
I've got work to do.	我有事要做
I've lived away from home for a long time.	我在外地生活了很久
Shame on you guys.	替你们脸红啊
I see your point.	我明白你的重点
I can't guarantee that that's going to happen.	我不能确保这一切会发生
She didn't want to get involved.	她不想涉入其中
Are you nervous?	你紧张吗
Can you pass me the salt, please?	请你把盐递给我好吗
Don't fail to mail this letter.	不要忘了寄这封信
I didn't understand a single word Tom said.	我不明白汤姆说了什么
He is facing many difficulties.	他面临著许多困难
Perhaps we could get a drink sometime.	要不我们找时间喝一顿
We depend on you.	我们可全靠你了
This dog is a mongrel.	这只狗是杂种狗
Never say never.	永远不要说永远
I understand your feelings.	我明白你的感受
No problem at all!	一点问题都没有
I don't have the address now.	我现在没有地址
It's me that's wrong.	是我错了
I didn't catch the train.	我没赶上火车
Someone is always on duty.	哈哈
What would you like to do in the future?	以后打算干什么
Are you free this afternoon?	你们今天下午有空吗
Pick up the phone.	接电话
I don't feel like studying.	我没有强烈的欲望去学习
I'll call you tomorrow morning.	明天早上我会打电话给你
Compass needles point to the north.	指南针的指针指向北边
She appears to have many friends.	她看起来好像有很多朋友
Everyone knew that Tom could speak French well.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
Do you know why he skipped class today?	你知道为什么他今天逃课了吗
Is it true Tom can't swim?	汤姆真的不会游泳吗
Let us know when you'll arrive.	让我们知道你什么时候会到
How's your project coming along?	你的项目进展得怎么样
This shirt needs to be ironed.	这衬衫需要熨
Is your school far from your home?	你的学校离你家很远吗
Tom is the easy-going sort.	汤姆是容易相处的类型
How many boys are there in this class?	这个班有多少男生
I almost left my umbrella on the train.	我几乎把我的雨伞忘在火车上
I can't tolerate this noise any longer.	我不能再忍受这个噪音了
Tom hid himself under the table.	Tom	躲在桌子底下
Come and have tea with me.	来跟我喝茶吧
He invested his money in stocks.	他把钱投资于股票
I think we should reduce the price.	我觉得我们得调低价格
It is imperative for you to act at once.	你必须马上行动
Could I have a cup of coffee?	劳驾
Do you feel lucky?	你觉得幸运吗
I have plenty of money with me.	我身上带著很多钱
Big fish eat little fish.	大鱼吃小鱼
Maybe I'll be able to help you.	我可能能帮你
I will love you forever.	我会永远爱你
I love nature.	我爱大自然
He was sitting there.	他之前坐在这里
They are the only students who study Chinese.	学中文的学生只有他们几个
What on earth are you talking about?	你到底在谈什么
She has had to stay here.	她不得不待在这儿
It may freeze next week.	下周可能会结冰
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.	悉尼是澳大利亚最大的城市
Tom doesn't want to come.	汤姆不想来
I heard the telephone ringing.	我听到电话响了
I had a really nice time tonight.	今晚我度过了一段非常美好的时光
She is married to an American.	她嫁给了美国人
What's the number for the Tokyo Dome?	东京巨蛋的电话号码是多少
Some people do not like to deposit their money in banks.	有些人不喜欢把钱存银行
He's an excellent tennis player.	他是个很棒的网球选手
Tom took over after I left.	我走了后汤姆接手了
We didn't have computers when I was growing up.	我小时候的时候还没有电脑
What is the population of India?	印度的人口有多少
This lake is the deepest in Japan.	这片湖是日本最深的
What season do you like the best?	您最喜欢哪个季节
I must decline.	我必须拒绝
Tom fell asleep in class.	汤姆在课堂上睡着了
I wish I earned more money.	我希望我赚更多的钱
Every door in the house is locked.	这房子里的每一扇门都被锁上了
I thought his opinion was relevant.	我认为他的意见很中肯
The teacher asked me which book I liked.	老师问我我喜欢哪本书
He did nothing but cry.	他只是哭
Electricity is very useful.	电很有用
He was opposed to monopolies.	他反对垄断
I'm free now.	我现在有空了
Quit gambling.	戒掉赌博吧
I heard it.	我听到了
Do you have medical insurance?	你有医疗保险吗
The cold weather lasted for three weeks.	寒冷的天气持续了三个礼拜
I didn't understand the joke.	我没明白那个笑话
I made an apple pie for you.	我做了一个苹果派给你
She turned down every proposal.	她拒绝了每一项提议
Call me at 9:00 tomorrow.	明天九点打电话给我吧
Where's the hammer?	锤子在哪里
I can't bear this pain.	我无法忍受这个痛苦
I'm sorry to always be bothering you.	我经常烦你
Tom bought a pair of black leather shoes.	汤姆买了一双黑色皮鞋
Keep away from the electrical equipment.	远离电器设备
Please copy this.	麻烦拷贝这个
Let's skip out before Tom gets back.	咱在汤姆回来之前开溜吧
I'm glad I was there.	我很高兴我在那里
He lied to me.	他对我撒谎
It's been a long time.	已经过了很长时间了
What would you like to eat?	您想吃什么
The policeman aimed his gun at the man.	警察瞄准了那个男人
You should talk directly to Tom.	你应该直接跟汤姆说
She took my joke seriously.	她把我的玩笑当真了
She said that she gets up at six every morning.	她说她每天早上六点起床
Father would often read detective stories in his spare time.	父亲常常在空闲时间读侦探小说
I was very tired last night.	我昨晚很累了
The curtains make this room beautiful.	窗帘是房间变漂亮了
This mountain is covered with snow all year round.	这座山全年覆盖着雪
I was tired, but I couldn't sleep.	我累了
The largest bedroom faces south.	最大的卧室朝南
My father sometimes goes abroad.	我父亲偶尔出国
The assignment took me longer than I had expected.	我用了比我预期更长的时间来完成作业
He eats lunch at a cafeteria.	他在自助餐厅吃午餐
When did you come to Japan?	你何时来日本的
Why should it be necessary?	为什么它是必要的
We should learn from history.	我们要以史为鉴
Throw the ball back to me.	把球丢还给我
The door clicked shut.	门咔哒一声关上了
You need to wear a helmet.	你需要戴安全帽
Do as you want.	你想怎么做就怎么做
You worry about your weight too much.	你太担心您的体重了
He led a hard life after that.	自那以后他便过起了艰难的生活
Who's that?	这是谁啊
They're 30 minutes behind schedule.	他们的进度较预期慢
My daughter wants a piano.	我女儿想要架钢琴
His name is not on the list.	他的名字不在名单里
Who decided that?	谁决定了那件事
My father is fifty years old.	我父亲五十岁了
Many people envy Tom's success.	许多人嫉妒汤姆的成功
I'll leave when she comes back.	当她回来的时后
He rescued a boy from drowning.	他救了一个溺水的男孩
I hope I'm not boring you.	希望我没有烦到你
I asked Tom to wait here.	我让汤姆在这里等
A Japanese wouldn't do such a thing.	日本人不会做这种事
How are your parents getting along?	你的父母是如何相处的
She lives in a huge house.	她住在一个很大的房子里
What time does the first train leave?	第一班火车什么时候出发
Drop me a line as soon as you get there.	到了那儿之后跟我说一声儿
I want to buy this dictionary.	我想买这本字典
The Hilton Hotel, please.	请开到希尔顿酒店
Will you come back tomorrow?	您明天回来吗
Tom doesn't speak French very well.	汤姆说法语说得不太好
The first thing you have to take into consideration is time.	你应该考虑的第一件事是时间
The radio is a bit loud.	收音机的声音有点响
If I had one million yen now, I would buy a car.	如果我现在有
Tom doesn't know why Mary is absent.	汤姆不知道为什么玛丽缺席
We're not looking.	我们没有看著
Can I fix you a hot drink?	我可以为你调杯热饮料吗
I'll prove it to you.	我会给你证明的
I used to play alone when I was a child.	我小时候常常独自玩耍
He wrote me a letter.	他给我写了封信
Be quiet, or the baby will wake up.	安静
Is that your car?	那是你的车吗
Tom cares about you.	汤姆关心你
Einstein liked to play the violin.	爱因斯坦喜欢拉小提琴
I'm a translator.	我是个翻译
She's determined to become a secretary.	她下决心要成为秘书
I baked some apple pies.	我烤了苹果派
The man is naked.	那人没穿衣服
In some countries, the punishment for treason can be life in prison.	在一些国家
He is looking forward to it.	他对此很期待
This is your pudding.	这是你的布丁
He ran into the room.	他跑进房间内
She's a girl, but she's brave.	她是个女孩
She is a mere child.	她只是个孩子
Please give me some advice on what I should do.	请给我提提建议
Not everybody can be an artist.	不是所有人都能当艺术家的
You have bad breath.	你有口臭
Have you finished reading the book?	你读完这本书了吗
He isn't able to buy a car.	他不能买车
You should've turned left.	您本应左转的
I often catch colds.	我常常感冒
Tom is at school, isn't he?	汤姆在学校里
Humans only live about 70 years.	一个人只能活七十岁左右
Let's get drunk.	让我们一醉方休吧
He has been dead for ten years.	他已经死了十年
I hate silent movies.	我讨厌无声电影
Air is to us what water is to fish.	空气对人来说就是水对鱼的意义
He was made a fool of by his neighbors.	他被他的邻居们愚弄了
This is the cheapest store in town.	这是镇上最便宜的商店
Who is your teacher?	谁是你老师
She pressed the switch.	她按了开关
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems.	近来咖啡的短缺造成了许多问题
It's hard to believe Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.	真难相信汤姆不知道玛丽爱他
I know you're not comfortable.	我知道你不舒服
Tom saw you.	汤姆看见你了
The doctor will be here in a minute.	医生马上就来
When he feels fine, he goes for a walk.	当他感到舒服时
You're very talkative, aren't you?	你很健谈
Takoyaki is really quite delicious.	章鱼小丸子真的很美味
I don't want to talk about this.	我不想谈论这个问题
Don't be too sensitive to criticism.	不要对批评太敏感了
I wonder why nobody told me.	不知道为什么没有人告诉过我
Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.	以前读高中的时候
Don't get involved with that guy.	别和这个人打交道
Tom was afraid to ask for help.	汤姆不敢求助
Tom lied.	汤姆说谎了
You're still too young to get a driver's license.	你要拿驾照还太年轻了
Water is a liquid.	水是液体
Tom said Mary should do that now.	汤姆说玛丽应该现在行动
She is a native speaker of French.	她的母语是法语
He belongs to the camera club.	他参加摄影社
Tom will be able to swim soon.	汤姆将很快就会游泳了
I don't like hitchhiking.	我不喜欢搭便车
I feel sick.	我有点恶心
Would you like some wine?	你要酒吗
Where is the stage door?	请问剧场后门在哪
It was very kind of you to lend me an umbrella.	你借给我伞真好
The cat is under the table.	猫在桌子底下
Japan depends on foreign countries for oil.	日本依赖外国的石油
Nobody would listen to me.	没有人会听我说
What is the price of this cap?	这顶帽子多少钱
I know where I'm going next.	我知道我接下来去哪里
I had a lot of fun.	我玩得很开心
All the apple trees were cut down.	所有苹果树都被砍倒了
I want to buy a pair of ski boots.	我想买一双滑雪靴
Peace talks will begin next week.	和平会谈将在下周开始
She got married when she was twenty-five.	她二十五岁时结婚了
It's been ten years since we last met.	我们离上次见面有十年了
I always enjoy listening to classical music when I have some free time.	有空的时候
This is my business address.	这是我的公司地址
This room is air-conditioned.	这个房间有空调
Meet me there.	在那里见我
The bus is running about ten minutes late.	公交车晚点了十分钟
The message was in French.	这条消息是法语写的
Would you like to come?	你愿意来吗
Please deal the cards.	请发一下牌
Is it too late?	来迟了吗
He ran as fast as he could.	他跑得能有多快就有多快
The time has come when I must tell you the truth.	现在是我必须告诉你真相的时候了
I've made us some coffee.	我给我们煮了些咖啡
There's still no end in sight.	还是看不见尽头
You continue making the same mistakes time after time.	你每次都继续犯同样的错误
When I hear that song, I remember my younger days.	每次听到这首歌
You'd better go home at once.	你最好立刻回家
After supper, I washed the dishes.	晚饭后我洗了碗碟
I still have things left to do.	我还有点事
That isn't your problem.	不是你的问题
Your socks stink.	你的袜子好臭
Tom said that he's considered quitting his job.	汤姆说他考虑辞职
Someone smashed the windshield of my new car.	有人把我新车的挡风玻璃砸碎了
Tell me when to stop.	告诉我甚么时候停下
I got him to fix my bicycle.	我让他修理了我的脚踏车
You're being too modest.	你太谦虚了
We're hiding.	我们在藏着
Don't come in my room.	别进我的房间
I succeeded in getting what I wanted.	我成功地得到了我想要的
He makes good use of his talents.	他善用他的天赋
Don't eat that!	不要吃那个
Does she speak English?	她会说英语吗
If you pass this test, you could graduate next month.	如果你通过这个考试
My aunt made me a new skirt.	我阿姨做了一条新裙子给我
Whose is that notebook?	这台笔记本电脑是谁的
He devoted the last years of his life to writing his autobiography.	他晚年致力于写自传
She's a woman of strong character.	她是一个性格坚强的女人
My papers were in that box.	我的文件在那个箱子里
I don't like the way he talks.	我不喜欢他讲话的样子
I agree with some of your opinions.	我同意你一部分的意见
The rumors are unfounded.	谣言是毫无根据的
Why is Tom excited?	汤姆为什么兴奋
You'd better not wait here.	你最好不要在这里等
He has been secretly in love with her.	他一直暗恋着她
Of course she can speak English.	她当然会讲英语
A truck was standing in the middle of the road.	路中间有一辆卡车
I wish Tom were my younger brother.	但愿汤姆是我的弟弟
Bears can climb trees.	熊会爬树
I want a boat that'll take me far away from here.	我想要一艘船带我远离这里
Are you for or against his idea?	您赞成还是反对他的想法
Please wait until the end of this month.	本月结束之前请等待
Is it true that Tom can't read or write?	汤姆真的不会读也不会写吗
Where did you meet Tom?	你是在哪里认识汤姆的
Call me, please.	请给我打电话
Agriculture consumes a great amount of water.	农业需要消耗的大量的水
We have to fix the date for our trip quickly.	我们必须快点定下旅游日期
I wonder what happened to her.	我想知道她发生什么事了
It's no use crying over spilt milk.	覆水难收
I want him to read this.	我想让他读这个
She is usually at home on Sundays.	周日她通常在家
Lie still.	躺着不动
I'm confident that you'll succeed.	我肯定你会成功
This airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time.	这架飞机一次可以携带
I want to learn French.	我要学法语
Mary set the basket on the table.	玛丽把篮子放在桌子上了
We can see Mt. Fuji clearly today.	今天我们可以清楚地看到富士山
I'll drop by the post office on the way home.	我会在回家的路上顺便去邮局
The wind blew too hard for them to play in the park.	风刮得太猛
He wore a dark sweater.	他穿了一件深色毛衣
I got scolded severely by that teacher.	我被那位老师严厉斥责了
My dream is to become a pilot.	我的梦想是成为一名飞行员
There are at least thirty students in our class.	我们班至少有三十个学生
All you have to do is say the word, and I'll leave.	你只要说句话
I want your love.	我要你的爱
Thousands of people died of hunger.	数千人死于饥饿
Do you ever dream about flying through the sky?	你曾经梦想在天空飞翔吗
Tom is three years older than Mary is.	汤姆比玛丽大三岁
I know that I know it, but I can't remember it.	我知道我知道它
I won't see her again.	我不会再见她
Who won?	谁赢了
It was very cold this morning.	今天早上很冷
Raspberries are very expensive.	覆盆子很贵
May I have something to drink?	我可以喝点东西吗
Skating is one of my hobbies.	滑冰是我的嗜好之一
Another Scotch and water, please.	麻烦再来一杯威士忌和加水
She had already gone to bed when I called her at 11 p.m.	23	点我打电话给她的时候
Please let me pick up your sister at the station.	请让我到火车站去接你的姐姐
Farmers sow seeds in the spring.	农民在春天播种
The train will probably arrive at the station before noon.	火车大概会在中午前到站
She has a daughter who is a pianist.	她有一个钢琴家女儿
I'm now working in Boston.	我现在在波士顿工作
I didn't understand the joke.	我没弄明白这个笑话
Why should I apologize to you?	为什么我要向你道歉
I will go to America tomorrow.	我明天会去美国
Tom and I are friends.	汤姆和我是朋友
He studied for ten years.	他研究了十年
I think we should try it.	我认为我们该试试
Tom studied French for three years.	汤姆学了三年法语
As far as I know, she is still missing.	据我所知
I want this camera.	我要这台相机
They grow flowers in the garden.	他们在花园里种花
The monkey climbed up the tree.	猴子爬上了树
What did you answer?	您回答了什么
The girl made an awkward bow.	这个女孩做了一把很难使用的弓
Tom is a good guy.	Tom	是一个好人
Tom's eyesight is deteriorating.	Tom	的视力正在恶化
I can't conceive of living without him.	我无法想像生命中没有他
He usually goes to work at 8 a.m.	通常
He is very good at playing violin.	他非常擅长拉小提琴
It was just a matter of time.	这只是时间上的问题
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?	你知道伦敦交响乐团的演奏会行程吗
I saw a dirty dog enter the garden.	我看见一条脏狗进了花园
He's always worrying about his daughter.	他一直很担心他的女儿
The bicycle by the door is mine.	在门口的自行车是我的
Tom said you were angry.	汤姆说
He runs.	他跑
Do you know whose handwriting this is?	你知道这是谁的字吗
I would like to become a poet.	我想要成为诗人
Bring me a dry towel.	给我一条干毛巾
The fuel tank in the car is full.	汽车油箱是满的
Excuse me, do you know what time it is?	不好意思
I don't want to eat lunch now.	我现在不想吃午饭
Did you buy her something for Christmas?	你圣诞节买东西给她了吗
Were your mother and father home?	你父母亲在家吗
Hollywood isn't what it used to be.	好莱坞不是以前的样子了
I can't look at this painting without thinking of my mom.	我无法看著这幅画而不想起我母亲
You can't do two things at once.	你不能一心二用
I'm calling from a cell phone.	我正在用手机打电话
Do you mind if I open the window?	你介意我开窗吗
Tom said that he lost his key.	汤姆说他丢了钥匙
I'm a stranger here.	我是这里的外地人
May I come and see you now?	我现在可以来看看你吗
She goes to a girls' high school.	她上女子高中
I like eating fruit.	我喜欢吃水果
They made us work all day long.	他们让我们工作了一整天
Does this bus go to the beach?	这辆公车去海滩吗
Who are you voting for?	你投给谁
A nurse took my temperature.	一个护士量了我的体温
She is leaving for America tonight.	她今晚离开去美国
He spoke for one hour.	他讲了一小时
This whisky is too strong.	这种威士忌太烈了
I should've gone to bed earlier last night.	我昨晚应该早点睡觉的
They got married and settled near Boston.	他们结了婚并定居在波士顿附近
There is something wrong with my car.	我的车子有问题
Please turn down the radio.	请把收音机关小声一点
Did you tell on Tom?	你们打汤姆的小报告了吗
No one knows why.	没人知道为什么
Tom was full.	汤姆饱了
Tom finally quit smoking.	汤姆终于戒烟了
Is one thousand yen enough?	1000	日元够不够
We raced toward the fire.	我们急忙跑向火
Are you up?	你起床了吗
Where will you be?	你会在哪里
Iceland used to belong to Denmark.	冰岛以前属于丹麦
You've got a lot of guts.	你胆子很大
You must start immediately.	你必须马上开始
Learning how to swim is very simple.	学游泳非常简单
I'm sorry, I forgot to do my homework.	对不起
She is just a child.	她只是个孩子
Foxes are wild animals.	狐狸是野生动物
Don't speak to anyone.	你们别和任何人说
I hope Tom will understand.	我希望汤姆能明白
Can you please give me something to do?	请问你能给我点事做吗
I need many books.	我需要很多书
He doesn't have any children.	他没有孩子
I told you to get out.	我告诉过你出去
The meaning of this sentence is obscure.	这句句子意思模糊
She enjoyed herself a lot at the party.	她在聚会上玩得很开心
Everybody needs to calm down.	大家需要冷静下来
I found it best to say nothing about the matter.	我觉得什么都不说是最好的
There's something strange about Tom today.	今天汤姆有点奇怪
It's already past ten o'clock.	已经过了十点钟了
Your problem is similar to mine.	你的问题类似于我的
They're kids.	她们是孩子
He has no manners at all.	他一点礼貌也没有
Do you have a soup bowl?	你有碗盛汤吗
Be nice.	友善点
Have you washed the car yet?	你洗过车子了吗
Where is your house?	你们家在哪
Speaking English isn't easy.	说英语不容易
Tom and Mary have been here for three hours.	汤姆和玛丽已经在这里待了三个小时
Sir, that CD is available only by special order.	先生
I hope this is the right one.	我希望这是对的
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?	你一天照几次镜子
Don't open your book.	不要打开你的书
Accidents happen.	事故发生
I know your older brother quite well.	我跟你哥哥很熟
All you need to do is trust each other.	除了相信对方以外
Talking during a concert is rude.	在音乐会中说话是不礼貌的
"I never thought Tom would win." "Me neither."	“	我没想到汤姆会赢
I ran a race with him.	我和他比赛跑步
How far is it to the station?	到火车站有多远
What do you want it for?	你要它干什么
I've got things under control.	我控制住了
Her suggestion seems to have been turned down.	她的建议好像被拒绝了
Did you buy it on the black market?	你是在黑市上买的它吗
I need to go to sleep.	我该去睡觉了
Two tears fell down her cheeks.	两滴眼泪从她的脸颊滑落下来
History is not his major subject.	历史不是他的主修课
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle.	你昨天看到的那个男人是我叔叔
I'm super hungry.	我肚子饿极了
I'm hoping that'll happen.	我希望那会发生
He listened with his ear to the door.	他把耳朵贴在门上听
I want to stay here longer.	我想在这里再待一会
Tom said Mary was hungry.	汤姆说玛丽饿了
I want to eat apple pie.	我想吃苹果派
The whole family was sick in bed.	全家都病倒了
Try once again.	再试一次
Tom couldn't read very well until he was thirteen.	汤姆十三岁以前读得不好
This car needs to be washed.	这辆车需要清洗
Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial killer.	汤姆不知道玛丽是个连环杀手
There's a secret passage on the left.	在左边有一条秘密通道
Our friendship will last a long time.	我们的友情会长久留存
She runs.	她跑
This is Uncle Tom's farm.	这是汤姆叔叔的农场
What would you like to be in the future?	你以后想当什么呢
I've done this all my life.	这活儿我干了一辈子
This noise is driving me crazy.	这个噪声快把我逼疯了
Tom is a very good singer.	汤姆是个很好的歌手
All of them are not present.	他们所有的人都没有出席
I'm going to miss you, too.	我也会想你的
Jesus loves you.	耶稣爱你
We missed you.	我们想你
I like to listen to music, especially jazz.	我喜欢听音乐
Arithmetic deals with numbers.	算数处理数字
I agree with that.	我同意
Do you have an extra English dictionary by any chance?	您碰巧有一本额外的英文字典吗
Give me five more minutes.	再给我五分钟
Which one is easier?	哪一个最简单
I don't want Tom to stay any longer.	我再也不要汤姆留下来
Is eating with chopsticks difficult?	用筷子吃饭难吗
I have three dogs. One is male and the other two are female.	我有三只狗
How long will it take to get there?	到那边需要多长时间
My grandfather is fond of taking a walk early in the morning.	我的爷爷喜欢大清早的散步
I shouldn't've done it.	我本不应该做的
We could walk there together.	我们可以一起走著去
Can you explain the exact meaning of this word?	你能否说出这个词的精确意思
Sorry to have kept you waiting.	对不起让你一直等
The rain lasted a week.	雨下了一周
I can't answer your question.	我无法回答你的问题
Two detectives followed the suspect.	两个侦探跟着嫌疑人
Tom is here because of me.	汤姆是因为我才在这里的
Do I sound in love?	听起来像是我恋爱了吗
He writes Arabic.	他写阿拉伯文
I want to cry.	我想哭
The parrot is dead.	那只鹦鹉死了
Tom was excited to go to the concert.	汤姆为去音乐会而激动
Tom failed.	汤姆失败了
My aunt gave me an album.	我姑姑给了我一本相簿
You look sleepy.	你看起来很困了
What would you like to drink?	你想喝什么
Tom says he doesn't think Mary needed to do that.	汤姆说他不觉得玛丽要去做那件事
He has a large family to support.	他要抚养一大家人
I have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary.	如果必要的话
Tom and I have decided to go to Australia next summer.	汤姆和我决定下个夏天去澳大利亚
Tom made a choice.	汤姆做出了选择
All you can do is trust one another.	你们除了信任对方
How's everyone doing?	大家好吗
Really?	你确定
He denied having taken part in the crime.	他否认参与了犯罪
I learned to drive a car and got a driver's license when I was eighteen.	我十八岁时
He came back last August.	他去年八月回来的
She pretended that she was sick.	她假装生病了
I love my yellow sweater.	我很喜欢我的黄色套衫
That was an excellent meeting.	那是场精彩的会议
Who is going to speak tonight?	今晚谁发言
If it rains tomorrow, I'll just stay at home.	如果明天下雨
Why is my Internet connection so slow?	我的网怎么会这么慢
I'm playing volleyball now.	我现在在打排球
What's the daily fee?	每天费用多少
He has gone mad.	他疯了
We must avoid war at all cost.	我们应该不惜代价避免战争
Let him play your guitar.	让他弹你的吉他
He took a photograph of the family.	他拍了张全家福的照片
You must always keep your hands clean.	您应该一直让手保持干净
The two of us are students.	我们两个是学生
Please answer all the questions.	请回答所有问题
The cause of the fire was unknown.	火灾的原因不明
He slept well last night.	他昨晚睡得很好
I hope he'll get better soon.	我希望他很快就能好起来
She always speaks in a low voice.	她总是低声地说话
We're going out tonight.	我们今晚出去
I'm learning how to drive.	我正在学习如何驾驶
I wonder if he loves me.	我不知道他是否爱我
The boy carved his name into the tree.	男孩把他的名字刻在树上
Open your book to page nine.	打开你的书到第九页
Tom can't have done what you think he did.	汤姆不可能做你认为他做了的事
I've had just about enough of her.	我真的受够了她
Lots of people in Japan are indifferent to politics.	很多日本人对政治冷淡
Would you like to go shopping with me?	你想和我一起去逛街吗
They made fun of Mary.	他们取笑玛丽
He was home alone at the time.	他当时一个人在家
Sorry to be late.	对不起
My eyes are watering.	我在流眼泪
Don't try to stop me.	别想阻止我
Call my husband.	给我老公打电话
I agree with him on that point.	我在那一个观点上同意他
I can't believe anyone anymore.	我再也无法相信任何人了
He was absent from school yesterday.	他昨天没来上学
I'll let you decide.	我让你来决定
If Tom can't tell me, then no one can.	如果汤姆不能告诉我
That's perfect.	那是完美的
No one can help me.	没有人能帮我
She bought two pairs of socks.	她买了两双袜子
Don't exceed the speed limit.	不要超速
Come along with us.	跟我们一起来吧
We all like you a lot.	我们都非常喜欢你
We're having a party this evening.	我们今天晚上将举行派对
We accept checks.	我们接受支票
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan on going to Boston with you.	汤姆让我告诉你他没有计划和你一起去波士顿
She happened to know his address.	她恰巧知道他的地址
We must go to school.	我们必须去学校了
They tried very hard to gain an advantage over one another.	他们很努力地超过对方获得优势
I'm very interested in dialects.	我对方言很感兴趣
Have fun.	玩得开心
Let's play baseball.	我们去打棒球吧
Tom doesn't usually dress like that.	汤姆平时不那样穿衣服
I think that Tom really likes Mary.	我认为汤姆真心喜欢玛丽
We must execute his orders.	我们必须执行他的命令
Stars began to appear in the sky.	星星开始在天空中出现
I intended to go, but forgot to.	我本来想走的
We've had it analyzed.	我们已经将它做了分析
When was Tom fired?	汤姆什么时候被开除的
What's your biggest fear?	你最害怕的是什么
Don't tell me.	不要告诉我
If it rains tonight, I'm not going to go out.	如果今晚下雨
This book is worth reading twice.	这本书值得读两遍
She pretended not to hear him yesterday.	昨天她装作没有听见他
One of my brothers is a teacher and the others are lawyers.	我的一个兄弟是老师
Yesterday I met Mary on the street.	昨天我在街上遇见了玛丽
Why are you not doing it?	你为什么不做
He likes to smoke in the toilet.	他喜欢在厕所里吸烟
I don't know whether it's good or not.	我不知道它是好是坏
If you do your best, you will succeed.	如果你尽力而为
I don't like wine.	我不喜欢葡萄酒
I don't want either of them.	它们中没有我要的
I'm afraid there isn't any coffee left.	恐怕已经没有咖啡了
Please add my name to the list.	请在名单上加上我的名字
I've been busy since yesterday.	我从昨天开始一直忙著
I'd never let you kiss me.	我永远也不会让您亲我
Our train is delayed.	我们的车误点了
Remember to brush your teeth.	别忘了刷牙
Children love Halloween.	孩子们爱万圣节
His explanation really isn't clear.	他的说明并不清楚
The baby is sleeping.	宝宝正在睡觉
Do you think Tom will let us do that?	你认为汤姆会让我们做吗
He was disappointed that things didn't turn out as he'd hoped.	事情没能如他所愿让他感到失望
I have already changed my clothes.	我已经换了我的衣服
He bored us with his long stories.	他长长的故事让我们觉得厌烦了
I saw them walking arm in arm.	我看见他们胳膊挽着胳膊地走路
He looks like a clever boy.	他看起来像是个聪明的男孩
Do you miss me?	你想我吗
What is the name of this river?	这条河叫什么名字
Thank you for inviting me to the party.	感谢你请我来参加派对
Tom is going crazy.	汤姆要发疯
It's very easy to learn how to swim.	学游泳非常简单
My brother is small but strong.	我哥哥虽然矮小可是很强壮
How weird!	真奇怪
He could not come because of his serious illness.	他因为生重病不能来
Do you think Tom is having fun?	你认为汤姆玩得高兴吗
This watch is made in Japan.	这块手表产自日本
That's exactly what he said.	这就是他所说的
I didn't feel like buying a car.	我不想买车
I have to say this.	我得说这事
Japan is not as big as Canada.	日本不像加拿大那么大
Where are your things?	您的东西在哪里
She hit him.	她打了他
He is an expert at fishing.	他是个捕鱼好手
Please be ready in fifteen minutes.	请在
I would like to do more.	我想做更多
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me.	我知道有人认识我的可能性微乎其微
I didn't understand you.	我没听懂您的意思
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't cry.	汤姆知道玛丽不会哭
This turtle is really old.	这只乌龟很老了
Can you eat this?	这个能吃吗
I won't be wearing a tie.	我是不会系领带的
You don't scare us.	你别吓我们
It can be used as a knife.	它可以被当成一把刀来用
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow.	他明天将离开芝加哥
What if someone sees us?	如果有人看见我们怎么办
I demand an explanation for this mistake.	我要求说明这个错误
It would appear that you're wrong.	你似乎错了
That's what Tom promised.	那是汤姆承诺的
He passed away yesterday.	他昨天去世了
I'm walking with her.	我正跟她一起走
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.	我想您要拿到驾照根本不难
Tom has lived in Boston for over a year.	汤姆住在波士顿已经一年多了
Is there any sugar?	有没有糖
You can go to the ballpark on this bus.	坐这个公车可以到球场
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.	小别胜新婚
We had an early lunch at school.	我们在学校有一个早午餐
Tom came to see if Mary needed any help.	汤姆过来看看玛丽有没有什么需要帮忙的
The airplane took off ten minutes ago.	飞机十分钟前起飞了
I wrote it all down.	我全写下来了
Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates, and then ate all the chocolates himself.	汤姆给了玛丽一盒巧克力
He was found lying unconscious on the kitchen floor.	他被人发现倒在厨房的地板上
Tom is going to run for mayor.	汤姆要竞选市长
You seem very nervous.	你看起来很紧张
He is unable to buy a car.	他不能买车
Nobody can help me.	没有人能帮我
Get out of bed!	起床
It's not at all easy.	这一点都不容易
Strawberries are in season now.	现在是草莓的季节
Mary, I love you.	玛丽
You ought to have come to our party.	你应该到我们的派对的
I know what he did.	我知道他做了
Kabul is the capital of Afghanistan.	喀布尔是阿富汗的首都
Unfortunately, she is absent.	不幸的是
I don't believe you. You're always telling lies.	我不相信你
How is your family?	你家里人都还好吗
At least tell me where you're going.	至少告诉我们你要去哪里
They'll kill you.	他们要杀你
I have lost my umbrella somewhere in the park. I have to buy one.	我的雨伞遗失在公园里某个地方
My underwear is dirty.	我的内衣脏了
It seems as if I'm the only person here capable of doing it.	看来我是这里唯一有能力做这件事的人
My father works at a factory.	我父亲在工厂工作
Is there anything you can do?	有什么事是你能做的吗
I'm fairly certain Tom lives on Park Street.	我很确定汤姆住在公园街
His son's criminal activities caused him great pain.	他儿子的犯罪行为给他带来了很大的痛苦
Tell them we're coming.	告诉他们我们要来了
He is as tall as his father.	他和他爸爸一样高
How was your weekend?	你周末过得怎么样
I don't have the strength to keep trying.	我没力气继续尝试了
Are you following me?	你在跟著我吗
She remained silent all day.	她一整天都沉默不语
I talked to him on the telephone yesterday night.	我昨晚跟他通电话了
Don't complain. You have to go.	别抱怨了
Run and hide in the mountains.	跑到山里躲起来
Do you like rain?	你喜欢下雨吗
The two of us don't belong here.	我们俩不属于这儿
Have you finished doing your homework yet?	你做完回家作业了吗
We're taking part.	我们正参与
The second lesson is very simple.	第二课非常简单
The teacher told us to be quiet.	老师告诉我们要安静
Tom died in combat.	汤姆在战斗中死了
Tom was killed three years later.	汤姆在三年之后被杀了
Once you've formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.	坏习惯一旦被养成
That meal was simply divine.	那顿饭简直好极了
She didn't like living in the city.	她不喜欢住在城市里
Have you ever been in jail?	你去过监狱吗
I work here.	我在这里工作
I haven't seen Tom since 1988.	我从
He is a tall boy.	他是一个高大的男孩
Do you have a garage?	你有车库吗
I'll ask for directions.	我问问路
Where were you yesterday evening?	昨天晚上你在哪里
He couldn't understand the sentence.	他无法理解这句话
The bus stopped, but nobody got off.	巴士虽然停了
I am blind in the right eye.	我的右眼瞎了
I ordered a pizza on the phone.	我打电话订了个披萨
I like red wine better than white.	我喜欢红葡萄酒胜过白葡萄酒
I'm grateful to you for inviting me to the party.	谢谢你邀我参加派对
We must observe the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
I agree on an emotional level, but on the pragmatic level I disagree.	我感情上支持
They called in a doctor because the child was ill.	他们打电话给医生因为这个孩子生病了
Smoke appeared.	烟雾出现了
Is this jacket right for me?	我穿这件外套好看吗
Generally speaking, men can run faster than women can.	一般来说
French is easy.	法语很简单
He fought against racial discrimination.	他反对种族歧视
You shouldn't go out.	你不应该出门
Tom hates the smell of herring.	汤姆讨厌鲱鱼味
Are there many animals in the zoo?	动物园里有很多动物吗
Can you make it on time?	你能准时做好吗
I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.	我总是想有兄弟姐妹会怎么样
Dogs bark.	狗会叫
I want to be a doctor.	我想当医生
They left.	他们离开了
They will arrive a week from today.	他们将于下个星期的今天抵达
Tom, what do you want for supper?	汤姆
The French lost the battle of Waterloo.	法国人在滑铁卢之役吃了败仗
Tom has no brothers or sisters.	Tom	没有兄弟也没有姊妹
Have you finished reading that book yet?	你读完那本书了吗
Did you lock the door?	你有关门吗
Don't laugh at him for making a mistake.	不要因为他犯了一个错误就嘲笑他
We've been watching you.	我们在看着你
Tom's older than me.	汤姆年纪比我大
I'm glad Mary isn't my wife.	我很高兴玛丽不是我的妻子
He can speak five languages.	他会说五种语言
Everyone in the room was stunned by what happened.	屋里的每个人都被发生的事惊住了
May I have a napkin, please?	请给我一张餐巾纸好吗
I don't know who to consult with.	我不知道该和谁商量好
How much was it?	多少钱
I don't mind hot weather.	我不在乎炎热的天气
He drives very fast.	他开车速度非常快
Everybody desires happiness.	每个人都向往幸福
Do you have any brothers?	你有兄弟吗
Put your guns down.	放下你的枪
Did you go to see a doctor?	你去看过医生了吗
You might be right.	你可能是对的
She may be proud of her daughter.	她可以为她的女儿感到骄傲
I'll tell Tom you said that.	我会告诉汤姆你说了那话
This magazine comes out every month.	该杂志每月出版
He goes to the office by car.	他开车去办公室
You didn't need to hurry.	你不需要著急
Did you enjoy yourself yesterday?	你昨天玩得开心吗
I like to travel by train.	我喜欢搭火车旅行
No one else was hurt.	没有别的人受伤
Give me my money.	把我的钱给我
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.	没有你我无法做到
We didn't know what to do next.	我们不知道下一步要做什么
Could I get one more beer, please?	再给我一瓶啤酒好吗
Fill the bucket with water.	把水装满桶子
If Tom doesn't surrender, shoot him.	如果汤姆不投降
He is taking a walk.	他正在散步
We can't go outside because it's raining.	因为下雨
She hated her husband.	她恨她的丈夫
Please turn on the radio.	请将收音机打开
We'll deal with it tomorrow.	我们明天处理它
Will you send for a doctor?	你会派人去请医生来吗
You made me laugh.	我被你逗乐了
Tom said he didn't want to waste time arguing.	汤姆说他不想把时间浪费在争论上
Have you washed your hands yet?	你洗过你的手了吗
This is the man who's suspected by the police.	这是被警察认为有嫌疑的男子
I gave them clothing and some food.	我给了他们衣服和一些食物
Watch out! There's a big hole there.	小心
When do you close?	你们公司几点下班
What do you want to say to me?	您想告诉我什么
The old man walked with a stick.	这个老人拄著一根拐杖走路
The dog growled at the strange man.	狗对著这个陌生男子咆哮
I have a few friends here.	我在这儿有一些朋友
This medicine will do you good.	这药对你有好处
More than 40 percent of students go on to university.	40%	以上的学生去读大学
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.	善良是聋子能听盲人能看的语言
I'm getting too old for this job.	对于这份工作来说
My guess is that it will be fine tomorrow.	我猜明天会是好天气
A wounded whale washed up on the beach.	一条受伤的鲸鱼在海滩边搁浅了
This is the end.	这是结束
Don't be afraid of making mistakes.	不要怕犯错
What are your strengths and weaknesses?	你们的优点和缺点是什么
He is afraid of his own shadow.	他是个胆小鬼
Aren't you Tom?	你不是汤姆吗
Stick a stamp on the envelope.	把邮票贴在信封上
I really am unlucky!	我真的很倒霉
She didn't want to speak to anyone.	她不想跟任何人说话
Moderate exercise is necessary for good health.	适度运动对身体健康是必要的
He is a reporter for Time magazine.	他是时代杂志的记者
I am just going for a walk.	我只是去散散步
God bless America.	上帝保佑美国
I don't understand German.	我不懂德语
She can swim further than I can.	她能游得比我远
It is already eleven.	已经是
She especially likes music.	她特别喜爱音乐
There's no one in the room.	没有人在房间里
Tom was making French fries.	汤姆想做炸薯条
I can't decide if I'm happy or sad.	我无法确定我是高兴还是难过
It's my treat.	我请客
What are you doing that for?	你正在做的那个东西是做什么用的
Today's friends are tomorrow's enemies.	今日的朋友是明日的敌人
I am never at home on Sundays.	我周日从来都不在家
Don't you want to go out?	你不想出去吗
They live across the river.	他们住在河对面
You don't have to help me.	你不用帮我
Tom glanced at the clock on the wall.	汤姆瞥了墙上的表一眼
Africa was once called the Dark Continent.	非洲曾经被称为黑暗大陆
Tom took his wedding ring off.	汤姆拿掉了他的婚戒
The road was wet from the rain.	这条路因为下雨所以是湿的
What browser are you using?	你用什么浏览器
Tom was on television last night.	汤姆昨晚上电视了
It's an easy victory.	这是一个轻松取得的胜利
I contacted my parents.	我跟父母联络了一下
I was right behind you.	我就在你后面
She likes cooking for her family.	她喜欢为她的家人做饭
They wash their hands.	他们洗手
When he retired, his son took over the business.	他退休的时候
She left her umbrella in the train.	她把她的雨伞留在火车上了
Someone is obviously telling a lie.	显然有人在撒谎
What he says is total nonsense.	他说的话不合情理
She was in the United States last month.	她上个月在美国
This is the cheaper of the two.	这是两件里便宜的那个
Tom wrote down something in his notebook.	汤姆在他的笔记本上写了东西
Stop getting yourself worked up over little things.	不要让自己因为一些小事就方寸大乱了
You are going too far.	你太过分了
Do you understand?	你们懂吗
I'm very tired.	我很累
Many thanks.	非常感谢
She takes care of my children.	她照顾我的孩子
I returned the knife which I had borrowed.	我把我借来的刀还了
There is a beautiful park near my home.	我家附近有个漂亮的公园
The police accused him of murder.	警方指控他谋杀
There is no water.	没有水
I got up at six-thirty this morning.	我今天早上六点半起床
The company invested a lot of money in this project.	该公司在这个企划中投入了很多钱
Tom said that Mary thought that John might be permitted to do that next weekend.	汤姆说玛丽觉得约翰下周末可能被允许那么做
To my knowledge, she hasn't married yet.	据我所知
If I were to tell you all I know, you would be amazed.	要是我告诉你我所知的一切
Iron the inside of collars first, and then the outside.	先熨烫领子的里面
He is old enough to drive.	他够开车的年纪了
Tom has big hands.	汤姆的手大
It's snowing outside.	外面在下雪呢
The monkey fell from the tree.	猴子从树上掉了下来
She's absent because she's sick.	她不在是因为病了
How about going to see a movie tonight?	今晚看电影怎么样
I do not trust him any longer.	我再也不相信他了
I advertised my house in the newspaper.	我在报纸上刊登了我的房子的广告
Honesty is not always the best policy.	诚实不总是最好的策略
Her feelings are easily hurt.	她很容易受到感情上的伤害
You need to know.	你有必要了解
I'm glad we hired you for this job.	我很高兴我们录用了你来担任这份工作
Can you help me find a job?	你能帮我找一个工作吗
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me.	我知道不太可能有人愿意帮助我
I'd like your help.	我想请你们帮个忙
Winter is just around the corner.	冬季快来了
I've offended you.	我冒犯到你了
She has a dog and six cats.	她有一只狗和六只猫
There's something I want to tell you.	有件事情我要对你说
He seems to have told a lie.	他似乎已经说了谎
The plane takes off in ten minutes.	飞机十分钟后起飞
I'm thirty.	我三十岁
There's no way off the island.	没有办法离开这个岛
Who can tell the difference?	谁能说清不同点
Tom realized that he had lost his wallet.	汤姆意识到他丢了钱包
He earned his living as a teacher.	他以教书为生
You told Tom you could do that, didn't you?	你告诉汤姆你可以做到
Many children die of starvation in Africa.	在非洲有许多孩子死于饥饿
We had a conversation about baseball.	我们交谈了有关棒球的事
Let's get together again!	让我们再聚在一起
"Look," she said.	“	看啊
She gets good marks in English.	她取得了优异的英语成绩
Why did you stay at home yesterday?	你昨天为甚么在家
I looked around me.	我看了看周围
It's clear that there's a rather strong disagreement between the two.	很明显的是这两者之间有很强烈的分歧
I don't know if I'll have time to do it.	我不知道我是否有时间做
The police held him in custody.	警方拘留了他
They left there the day before yesterday.	前天
The policeman lifted the box carefully.	警察小心翼翼地抬起箱子
I would have liked to come with you, but I didn't have time.	我想和你一起去
Every nation, rich or poor, has its strengths and weaknesses.	每个国家
The patient is steadily recovering.	该病人正逐步康复
I advised her to come by 9:00.	我建议她九点前来
I ate Tom's sandwich.	我吃了汤姆的三明治
Was there anyone in the room?	房间里有人吗
"What do you think of the election for mayor?" "I don't know."	“	你对市长选举怎么看
I'm sure that he'll get angry.	我确定他会生气
I've lost patience with Tom.	我对汤姆失去了耐心
Are you free on Tuesday?	周二你有空吗
Rome is a city worth visiting.	罗马这个城市值得一游
Tom found new evidence.	汤姆发现了新的证据
He is a student at a high school.	他是一名高中学生
Haven't I seen you before?	我以前没见过你吗
I asked him if he knew her address.	我问他是否知道她的住址
I don't quite follow you.	我听不太懂你的意思
Tom wanted Mary's phone number, but she refused to give it to him.	汤姆想要玛丽的电话号码但是被拒绝了
I studied English for four years with a native speaker.	我跟英语母语者学了四年英语
I can't stay.	我不能留下
She's been absent from school for five days.	她已经五天不上学了
Tom doesn't need to wear glasses anymore.	汤姆不需要再戴眼镜了
I remember the way you used to dance.	我记得你以前跳舞的方式
She's not as beautiful as her sister.	她不如她姊姊漂亮
They made their way toward the town.	他们往小镇方向去了
I have a cough and a little fever.	我咳嗽
I swapped a camera for a guitar.	我用一台照相机交换一把吉他
I'm willing to attend the meeting.	我愿意参加这场会议
He sometimes goes to Tokyo on business.	他时不时地因为工作去东京
The letter was finished.	信写完了
I'm going to take the 10:30 train.	我要搭
They are about the same age.	他们年龄相仿
Please return the book by tomorrow.	请明天前还书
Tom didn't return my phone calls.	汤姆没有回我的电话
He became more obstinate as he grew older.	他年纪越大变得越顽固
I borrow money.	我借钱
I'm tired of dancing.	我厌倦了跳舞
That person doesn't want to do anything.	那人甚么也不想做
I'm actually doing quite well.	我其实做得很好
It looks like it's going to snow.	看起来快下雪了
I'm always busy.	我总是有事
Come if you can.	如果你能就来吧
Have you smelled it?	你闻吗
The old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket.	这栋老房子被拆除了
I can't find my shoes.	我找不到我的鞋子
It sounds like a good idea.	听起来是个好主意
Tell me how to play the game.	告诉我怎么玩游戏
It's time to go to sleep.	睡觉时间到了
The water is rising.	水在升高
At last, she solved the problem.	最后
Let's go!	我们走吧
Tom's out cold.	汤姆正昏迷不醒
My dad keeps a journal every day.	我爸爸每天都记日记
Tom has changed his mind again.	汤姆又改变了他的主意
Are you coming?	你会来吗
I slipped and fell down the stairs.	我滑了一跤并从楼梯上摔下来
I talked to friends.	我和朋友们交谈
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.	我不认为汤姆会把事情的真相告诉我们
Is your school in this town?	你的学校在这个城市吗
Everyone knows that Tom's French is good.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
Didn't you lock up your car?	你没有把你的车上锁吗
The scenery was beautiful beyond description.	这风景美得无法形容
It's not practical.	这不实用
Ten prisoners broke out of jail.	十名囚犯逃狱了
I asked Tom what he was reading.	我问了汤姆在读什么
Tom is a newcomer.	汤姆是新来的
Wipe the pan dry with a paper towel.	用纸巾把平底锅擦干
We all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present.	我们所有人凑份子给老师买生日礼物
They have twelve children.	他们有
Because it is written in simple English even a child can understand it.	因为这是用简单的英语写的
I agree to your proposal.	我同意你的建议
I'll drive you home.	我开车送你回家
It isn't at all easy.	这一点都不容易
He asked the man to help him.	他叫那个男人帮助他
School begins at 8:30 a.m.	学校
The movie received mixed reviews.	影片得到的评价褒贬不一
Our school is very close to the park.	我们学校离公园非常近
The rumor turned out to be false.	谣言最后被证明是假的
I have ten pens.	我有十支笔
I'm only here for one day.	我只在这里待一天
I'm from Singapore.	我是从新加坡来的
You ought to have been more careful.	你应该更小心的
Do you really believe that story?	你真的相信那故事吗
When have you ever done anything for me?	你什么时候给我做事
What's the climate there like?	那里的气候怎么样
I'm cold. Would you mind turning the heating on?	我很冷
Beats me.	我一无所知
She and I have nothing in common.	我和她没有共同之处
At that time, Tom was sitting between Mary and John.	在那个时候
Let's get to work.	干活吧
Tom was hiding under the table.	Tom	躲在桌子底下
Please bring your own food.	请自带食物
I could hardly hear him.	我几乎听不到他的声音
My job is to wash the dishes.	洗碗是我的工作
Tom avoids Mary whenever possible.	汤姆尽量避开玛丽
She doesn't have as much patience as you do.	她没像你那样有耐心
He gave it a new name.	他给了它一个新名字
Where do I have to change trains?	我要在哪里换火车
Did you call?	你打过电话了吗
We took a walk in the park.	我们在公园里散步
Tom doesn't know what it's like to be poor.	汤姆不知道贫穷的感受
What does this pen cost?	这支钢笔要多少钱
I'm very interested in jazz.	我对爵士乐很有兴趣
Please give my regards to your father.	请替我向你父亲问好
My father is healthy.	父亲很健康
Thanks for your quick answer.	谢谢您的迅速回复
He mistook me for an Englishman.	他误认为我是一个英国人
I watch television in the evening.	我在晚上看电视
She's a quiet person.	她是个安静的人
He had a book in his hand.	他手里拿着一本书
It seems so familiar.	这看起来似曾相识
May I take your picture?	我可以帮你照相吗
I wrote down his phone number.	我写下他的电话号码了
I don't like sushi.	我不喜欢寿司
It's very hot today, isn't it?	今天非常热
He has no chance of succeeding.	他没有成功的机会
He's an excellent brain surgeon.	他是一个优秀的脑外科医生
I'd like to buy half a cake.	我想买半个蛋糕
They love each other.	他们彼此相爱
There's no one in the building now.	现在楼里没人
I'm afraid you'll have to go in person.	我恐怕您必须亲自去
That's where Tom belongs.	汤姆就该呆在那里
Would you like to listen?	你想听吗
There was a shortage of fuel.	燃料短缺
I usually take a shower in the evening.	我通常在晚上洗澡
Will you hold this seat for me?	您能给我留这个座吗
I think this is true.	我想这是真的
She's in a depression.	她抑郁了
It's 7:45.	现在是
I remember my mother teaching me the alphabet.	我记得我母亲教我认字
I'll attend the next meeting.	我会参加下次的会议
She can never keep a secret.	她永远也做不到保守秘密
Don't fret.	别担心
Tom likes chocolate cake a lot.	汤姆很喜欢巧克力蛋糕
I said to myself, "That's a good idea."	我对自己说
I got mugged.	我被抢劫了
This is a strange sentence.	这是一个奇怪的句子
Is your child a boy or a girl?	您的孩子是男是女
What do you think should be done about it?	你觉得对此该做什么
She bought six yards of cloth for a dress.	她买了六码的布做衣服
Someone is knocking on the door.	不知是谁在敲门
Do you have any Japanese beer?	您有日本啤酒吗
She can play the piano very well.	她可以把钢琴弹得很好
Is that the railroad station?	这是火车站吗
Where's the bathroom?	厕所在哪里
Tom thinks that Mary may have an eating disorder.	汤姆认为玛丽可能有进食障碍
We bought some vegetables and fish at the market.	我们在市场上买了些蔬菜和鱼
There are too many people here. Let's go somewhere else.	这里人太多了
Do you want to go on a picnic with me?	你想跟我去野餐吗
Let's go for a walk after it stops raining.	等雨停了
He was injured in a traffic accident.	他在一次车祸中受伤了
I wish that Tom would agree to do that.	我希望汤姆能同意
I waited for him all day long.	我等了他一整天
A friend of mine asked me to send her a postcard.	我的一位朋友要求我寄给她一张明信片
I've got one for you.	我给你带了一个
He was almost hit by a car.	他差点被一辆汽车撞上了
Tom certainly has a tough job.	汤姆确实有个麻烦的工作
I saw him crossing the street.	我看见他穿过了马路
Tom and Mary can both speak French.	汤姆和玛丽两个人都会说法语
I don't think that anyone was satisfied.	我不认为每个人都满意这件事
You should give up smoking.	你应该戒烟
Don't you play tennis?	您不打网球吗
Tom and I are teammates.	汤姆和我是队友
Don't worry about the past.	不要担心过去
He swindled her.	他欺骗了她
I'll leave that to you.	我会留给你
I'll call you tomorrow.	明天我给你打电话
Tom is probably pretty rich by now.	汤姆现在可能很有钱
No one likes war.	没有人喜欢战争
You'd better not go there again.	你最好不要再去那里
The teacher made us repeat the word.	老师要我们重复这个字
She has a lot of money.	她有很多钱
Breathe through your nose.	用你的鼻子呼吸
Being a teacher is very hard work.	做教师很辛苦
The movie was really good.	这部电影真的很好看
It all makes sense now.	现在一切都明白了
I've always wanted to meet you.	我一直想见你
We have absolutely nothing in common.	我们完全没有共同点
Let's forget about what happened today.	忘了今天的事儿吧
She's collecting material for a book.	她为一本书收集材料
I'm a little bit concerned.	我有点担心
I like short hair.	我喜欢短发
Tom is not dumb.	汤姆不傻
That was a month ago.	那是一个月前了
She's busy now, so she can't talk with you.	她现在忙
Are you able to swim?	你能游泳吗
You should quit smoking.	你应该戒烟
It's next to impossible to finish it in a day.	在一天之内完成它几乎是不可能的
What have you come here for?	你们来这儿干嘛
They are melons.	它们是瓜
If you won a million yen, what would you do?	如果你中了一百万日元的奖
Our music teacher advised me to visit Vienna.	我们的音乐老师建议我去维也纳看看
He is fond of watching baseball games on TV.	他喜欢看电视上的棒球比赛
She might come.	她也许会来
The teacher made him stay after school.	老师要他放学后留在学校
Tom told me he'd lost his textbook.	汤姆告诉我他丢了课本
I will come, weather permitting.	如果天气允许的话
I couldn't find his house.	我找不到他的家
I am dead tired.	困死了
I was about to go look for you.	我刚才正要找你
We want to go home.	我们想回家
An apple sits on the table.	桌上有个苹果
Safety is the most important thing.	安全是最重要的事情
I don't do drugs.	我不吸毒
Their baby is able to walk already.	他们的小婴孩已经会走路了
Tom slept with his shoes on.	汤姆穿着鞋睡了
Can you tell us a bit more about that?	能再告诉我一点吗
He commanded me to leave the room immediately.	他命令我立刻离开这个房间
My mother was disappointed by my failure.	我的母亲对我的失败感到失望
I'm not a beggar.	我不是乞丐
Don't change your mind.	不要改变你的心意
I read an exciting story.	我读了一篇精彩的故事
I can't make out what he wants.	我不明白他想要什么
One of my bags is missing.	我的一个包包不见了
He stole her watch.	他偷了她的手表
Japan is located in Asia.	日本在亚洲
Who does the book belong to?	这本书是谁的
He's not here yet.	他还没到这里
This will never happen again.	这永远不会再发生了
She fooled him.	她骗了他
Tom did better this time than he did last time.	汤姆这次做得比上次好
I am going to play tennis.	我要去打网球
Keep listening.	继续听
I like eggplant.	我喜欢茄子
Tom did nothing.	汤姆什么都没做
He is too drunk to drive home.	他喝酒醉无法开车回家
He gave correct answers to the questions.	他对这个问题给了正确的答案
None of my classmates live near here.	我没有一个同学住在这儿附近
If he had taken his doctor's advice, he might still be alive.	如果他听了他医生的建议
"What happened?" "The car broke down."	“	怎么了
He's a biologist.	他是一个生物学家
People have two legs.	人有两只脚
Mary is sitting at the desk.	玛丽正坐在办公桌旁
My wife catches colds easily.	我太太很容易就会着凉
Our house is conveniently located.	我们的房子位于交通便利的地方
His room is always tidy.	他的房间总是很整齐
Tom died in a traffic accident.	汤姆死于交通事故
He married a pretty girl.	他娶了一个漂亮的女孩
Who are you?	你是谁
Tom's speech was good.	汤姆的演讲很精彩
Thank you for your cooperation.	谢谢您的合作
All plants need water and light.	所有的植物都需要阳光和水
I graduated from high school last year.	去年我从高中毕业了
What did you say your name was?	你说你叫什么名字
Your pen is better than mine.	你的笔比我的好
That's good, isn't it?	那太好了
I tried to stop that from happening.	我试着阻止它发生
Remember to admire her new dress.	记得称赞她的新洋装
I wish that I could speak French better.	我希望我能说法语说得更好
Tom didn't come after all.	汤姆最终没来
Is Tom really a nice guy?	汤姆是个好人吗
Were you out last night?	昨晚你出去了吗
Step out of the car and place your hands behind your back.	下车
This is bizarre.	真奇怪
I go to bed at eleven.	我十一点上床
Tom went abroad.	汤姆出国了
Everybody in the room was stunned by what happened.	屋里的每个人都被发生的事惊住了
Mary wore a white miniskirt.	玛丽穿著一条白色的迷你裙
I've discovered something interesting.	我发现了一些有趣的东西
Everyone in the town knows about it.	镇上的每个人都知道它
Do you like any of these pictures?	你喜欢这些画里的任何一幅吗
The telephone was invented in 1876 by Bell.	电话于
Please tell me what you think.	请告诉我你的想法
He had no luck in finding work.	他找工作不走运
I am tired of reading.	我厌倦了阅读
This car is very economical on gas.	这辆车很省油
She said that she was a little tired.	她说她有点累了
I've always wanted to learn how to swim.	我一直想学习如何游泳
She was holding a small parasol in her hand.	她手里握着一把小阳伞
I bought a book online.	我在网上买了一本书
Have a good look at this picture.	好好看这张照片
You can't have it both ways.	既要马好
I always catch colds in the winter.	我在冬季总是感冒
I came to warn you not to do that.	我来警告你别那样做
We all consider your idea to be impractical.	我们都认为你的想法是行不通的
Smoking isn't allowed here.	这里不允许抽烟
Tom is a very talented writer.	汤姆是个很有才华的作家
Why on earth did you sell your newly-built house?	你到底为什么把你新建的房子卖了
We have one of your friends here with us.	你的一个朋友在我们这里
Tom doesn't have a lot of freedom.	汤姆没有很多自由
The rain washed away the soil.	土壤被雨水冲走了
He always mistakes me for my sister.	他老是把我和我姐姐搞错
What made you come here so early?	什么原因让你这么早来这里
My aunt gave me a camera.	我的阿姨给了我一台摄影机
Please don't take pictures here.	请别在这里拍照
How come you know so much about Japanese history?	你为什么知道这么多的日本历史
What's the weather like today?	今天天气怎么样
She's older than Tom.	她年纪比汤姆大
This bike needs to be repaired.	这辆自行车需要修理
All I want now is a little sleep.	我现在只想睡点觉
Tom is swimming.	汤姆在游泳
You should have kept it secret.	你应该保密的
I speak English every day.	我每天都说英语
She gave the blouse a quick wash.	她很快地把衬衫洗一洗
I am in favor of your proposal.	我赞成你的建议
You're my hero.	你是我的英雄
I don't know what the next step should be.	我不知道下一步做什么
I screwed up the very first note.	我搞砸了第一个音符
This is the house where I used to live when I was young.	这是我年轻时候住的房子
Stay down!	趴着
My shirt isn't dry yet.	我的衬衫还没干
It rained hard last night.	昨晚雨下得很大
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.	我认为我现在有足够的钱买我想要的那辆车
I'm sure Tom wanted to come along.	我确定汤姆想来
I expect a lot from him.	我对他期望很高
How was the French class?	法语课怎么样
I'm sleepy.	我困了
Are they all the same?	他们都是一样的吗
What time will the game start?	比赛几点开始
Tom encouraged Mary to try again.	汤姆鼓励玛丽再去尝试一次
"Thank you for your help." "It's my pleasure."	“	谢谢你的帮助
Take the road on the left.	走左边的道路
If it's at all possible, I'd like you to take part in the next meeting.	如果可能的话
She likes to listen to music.	她喜欢听音乐
What type of food do you like?	你喜欢什么样的食物
I'm afraid she won't accept my explanation.	我怕她不会接受我的解释
Everyone comes to Tom for advice.	每个人都请教汤姆
I didn't play tennis yesterday.	我昨天没有打网球
You should've done it earlier. It can't be helped now.	你本应该早点做的
I am going to the store now.	我现在要去这家商店
The building is under construction.	大楼正在建造
I'm fed up with this weather.	我受够了这天气
Your memory is good.	你的记忆力很好
I don't understand what he said.	我不明白他说的话
At last, the truth was revealed to us.	真相总算在我们面前揭晓了
Do you want something to drink?	你想要什么喝的吗
I don't know and neither does he.	我不知道
He is in his library.	他在图书馆里
Let's take advantage of the long weekend.	来好好利用大周末吧
Do you have a lot of pens?	你有很多笔吗
I got a letter from her.	我收到她的来信
I can't stand this noise any longer.	我无法再忍受这个噪音了
Do you want any of these books?	你要这些书中的任何一本吗
Goodbye and good luck.	再见
This is a book.	这是一本书
She is Tom's older sister.	她是
He refuses to believe us.	他拒绝相信我们
Where in Austria did you grow up?	你在奥地利的什么地方长大
I felt as if I were in a dream.	我感觉就像做梦一样
She put on socks.	她穿上袜子
I'd rather die than surrender.	我宁死也不投降
There's no one sitting here.	这个座位没人
It's only a dream.	只是一场梦罢了
Which guitar is yours?	哪个吉他是你的
He wiped the sweat off his face.	他擦去了脸上的汗水
Will you stay at home tonight?	你今晚会待在家里吗
He disguised himself as a woman.	他把自己化装成一个女人
Can you lend me your bicycle?	你能把你的自行车借给我吗
As is evident from the data, smoking is not decreasing among the young.	数据表明年轻人抽烟的现象没有减少
It's exactly what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
I'll show you the way.	我会为你带路
This is the real world.	这是真实的世界
I'm crazy about you.	我为你疯狂
He gave us not only clothes but some money.	他不仅给了我们衣服
She prepares wholesome meals for her family.	她为她的家人准备健康餐
The dog walked across the street.	这只狗穿过街道
The light is on.	灯亮着
Please water the flowers.	请浇花
There was a big fire last night.	昨晚发生了一场很大的火灾
Yes. That's right.	是的
He told his wife not to buy on impulse.	他叫自己的妻子不要冲动购物
Who wrote these poems?	这是谁写的诗
Try again.	再试一次
How do you like this whisky?	你觉得这威士忌怎么样
I got lost in the woods.	我在树林里迷路了
Dark clouds are a sign of rain.	乌云是下雨的征兆
There are more girls than boys at our school.	在我们学校里女孩比男孩多
He has a brother who lives in Tokyo.	他有个住在东京的兄弟
I want this phone.	我想要这部电话
I don't like artificial flowers.	我不喜欢假花
How about having dinner together?	一起吃晚餐怎么样
You are interested in computers.	你对电脑感兴趣
I saw him looking at me.	我看见他在看我
Would you close the window?	请您把窗户关起来好吗
This is a good hospital.	这是一家好医院
Are you going to attend the ceremony?	你会参加这个仪式吗
He has three sons.	他有三个儿子
Kyoto is not as large as Osaka.	京都不如大阪大
They won many competitions.	他们赢了许多比赛
You have a visitor.	你有客人
The people of London are very proud of this bridge.	伦敦人对这座桥感到非常自豪
You'd better wear a sweater under your jacket.	您最好在外衣里穿一件套衫
We live in a three-bedroom house.	我们住在一栋有三间卧室的房子
That's exactly what I wanted to see happen.	这刚好是我想看到它发生的
He skis in Hokkaido every winter.	他每年冬天在北海道滑雪
The importance of music is underrated.	音乐的重要性被低估了
Anybody would be better than nobody.	不管是谁总比没人好
Do you care what they think?	你关心他们在想什么吗
This park reminds me of my childhood.	来到这个公园会让我想起自己的童年
I don't like it.	我不喜欢
He knows a lot about foreign affairs.	他知道很多外国事务
His pronunciation is far from perfect.	他的发音远非完美
Tom can change.	汤姆能改变
Excuse me for being late.	对不起
Hurry up! I can't wait any longer.	快点
Tom didn't accept Mary's apology.	汤姆不接受玛丽的道歉
Sorry, I didn't hear you.	对不起
This problem is hard to solve.	这是个很难解决的问题
Tom didn't doubt that there would be a lot of people there.	汤姆确定那里会有很多人
Please have a seat and wait until your name is called.	请在被叫到名字之前坐在椅子上等候
I eat breakfast every morning.	我每天早上吃早餐
What are you two arguing about?	你们两个在争论甚么
I saw your brother the other day.	前几天我看到了你哥哥
You can stay here if you like.	你要是愿意就留在这里
He wrote it down in his notebook.	他把这记在他的笔记本上
I remember this word.	我记得这个单词
Someone stole my laptop computer.	有人把我的笔记本电脑偷掉了
Tom wrote that song three years ago.	汤姆三年前创作了那首歌
Can you speak French?	你会讲法语吗
Will he be able to catch the train?	他能赶上火车吗
My father is very angry with me.	我父亲对我非常生气
I've already been punished.	我己经被惩罚了
There is the train at 10 o'clock.	十点钟有一班火车
What do you think I was doing?	你觉得我在干吗呢
Tom couldn't swim.	汤姆不会游泳
Where's your mom?	你妈妈呢
The information is very important to us.	这些信息对我们非常重要
Be kind to others.	对他人要友善
The children slid down the bank.	孩子们滑下岸边
I don't worry so much about my resume.	我对自己的履历不那么在意
She wept the entire night.	她一整晚都在哭
We often play chess.	我们经常下棋
In any case, it's none of your business.	无论如何
Would you please look after the children?	你可以照顾一下孩子们吗
Shut your eyes.	闭上你们的眼睛
She went out to buy some food.	她出去买些食物了
Tom told me his father had passed away.	汤姆告诉我他父亲去世了
We apologize for the delay and regret any inconvenience it may have caused.	我们对这次的延迟表示抱歉
She speaks a little Arabic.	她说一点阿拉伯语
Does anyone else have any advice?	有人还有什么建议吗
Don't underestimate my power.	不要小看我的力量
We want one.	我们要一个
I've been waiting for you since two o'clock.	我从两点开始一直等你
They're all the same size.	他们都是一样的大小
You're your own worst enemy.	你是你自己最大的敌人
He came here ten minutes ago.	他十分钟前到这里
I hate Tom, to tell you the truth.	说实话
It is true that she is pretty, but she is selfish.	她确实很漂亮
We can't tell which is better.	我们无法辨别哪个更好
I didn't know Tom was your cousin.	我不知道汤姆是你的堂兄
I've always been proud of you.	我一直以您为荣
Were you at home yesterday?	昨天你不在家吗
Tom made a list of places he wanted to visit.	汤姆列了他想去的地方的名单
Tom doesn't like people who smoke in no smoking areas.	汤姆讨厌在禁烟区吸烟的人
I'm not really sure what Tom meant.	我不清楚汤姆是甚么意思
His work is now complete.	他的工作现在完成了
He is on goods terms with all of his classmates.	他和他所有的同学相处融洽
Keep in mind that you must die.	你要想到你必须死
As far as I know, he did nothing wrong.	据我所知
What were you doing then?	当时你在做什么
He is reputed the best lawyer in this city.	他被认为是这座城市里最好的律师
I admit I was careless.	我承认我大意了
Your dog is very big.	你的狗非常胖
I don't think that I can help you very much.	我看我帮不上你很多忙
I hope to see it again.	我希望再次见到它
What's your name?	您叫什么名字
What happened here was unavoidable.	这里发生的事是不可避免的
I don't like swimming in pools.	我不喜欢在泳池里游泳
We have five English lessons a week.	我们一周有五堂英语课
Do you know whether she can speak English?	你知道她是否会讲英语吗
Where is the vodka?	伏特加在哪里
There was nothing the doctors could do.	医生甚么也做不了
His mother didn't want to do it.	他的母亲不想做
I don't have a good feeling about this.	我觉得这没什么好
He is responsible for the accident.	他为这个事故负责
Tom knows what he has to do.	汤姆知道他该做什么
Tom isn't finished yet.	汤姆还没完成
Don't let him play with your phone.	别让他玩你的手机
There is an apple under the desk.	写字台下是一只苹果
Do we have enough chairs?	我们的椅子够吗
Tom is miserly.	汤姆很小气
Why did you stay?	你为什么留下
This paragraph is vague.	这一个段落是模糊不清的
We traveled all over the country.	我们游遍全国各地
I want you to stay here longer.	我希望你留在这儿久一点
Please fill in this form.	请填写这份表格
I'm very tired right now.	我现在很累
I've already finished my homework.	我已经完成了我的作业
The house is burning.	这房子正在燃烧著
Tom is an ignorant fool.	汤姆是个无知的傻子
Tom isn't yet finished.	汤姆还没完成
I'm a student in a university.	我是个大学生
I'll come to your place.	我会来你的地方
The boy can count to ten.	这小男孩能数到十
There's no need to hurry.	没有必要著急
Tom bought a new notebook.	汤姆买了新笔记本
Who will take care of the baby?	谁将照顾这个婴儿
This intersection is dangerous.	这个十字路口很危险
Do you subscribe to any magazines?	你有订阅任何杂志吗
I was just about to come looking for you.	我刚才正要找你
If possible, I'd like to go home now.	如果可以的话
You should have a doctor take a look at it.	你应该让个医生看看
He was very good at playing tennis.	他打网球打得很好
I have a thorn in my finger.	我的手指头有一根刺
I didn't mean to do that.	我没想那样做的
I don't hate you.	我不讨厌你
He likes to travel. I do, too.	他喜欢旅行
Please send us more information.	请给我们更多讯息
The manager approved our plan.	经理批准了我们的计划
He's shorter than Tom.	他比汤姆矮
It's not as difficult as you think.	那个没你想象的那么难
There are three of us.	我们是三个人
Everyone knows Bell invented the telephone.	任何人都知道贝尔发明了电话
We're not as young as Tom.	我们不再像汤姆那样年轻
It is an hour's drive from here to there.	从这里到那里驾车需一小时
How lovely!	多可爱啊
Tom left his umbrella on the bus.	汤姆把他的雨伞忘在了公交车上
I subscribe to two newspapers.	我订阅了两份报纸
There were a lot of people at the concert.	音乐会上有很多人
We found the front door locked.	我们发现前门被锁上了
Tell me you didn't do this.	你确定没有这么做吧
He's a little taller than you are.	他比你高一点点
Tell her that I am cooking dinner.	告诉她我在做晚饭
She mistook my brother for me.	她把我哥哥误认为我
I don't understand much about it.	这里面我有很多不懂的
I don't feel much like talking.	我不太想说话
May I ask some questions?	我可以问一些问题吗
Whose guitar is this?	这把吉他是谁的
The information you gave me is of little use.	你给我的资料没有多大的用处
Kiss me.	吻我
Visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a Japanese house.	访客通常在进入一户日本人家之前会被要求脱鞋
He said that you had better go.	他说你最好去
When was it built?	它是什么什么时候盖的
I'd like three of these.	这个给我来三个
Tom no longer trusts Mary.	汤姆不再相信玛丽了
What awful weather!	多么糟糕的天气啊
To err is human, to forgive divine.	人皆有错
I need to know tomorrow.	我明天需要知道
Do you come here often?	您经常来这儿吗
I'm the second oldest of three children.	我是三个孩子中第二大的
She got the ticket for nothing.	她免费得到这张票
I will show you some pictures.	我会给你们看些照片
He is used to making speeches.	他习惯于作演说
Do you know that hotel?	你知道这家旅馆吗
My grades are above average.	我的成绩高于平均水平
Einstein enjoyed playing the violin.	爱因斯坦喜欢拉小提琴
She's good at handling children.	她善于处理儿童
He looks old for his age.	他看起来比他的实际年龄大
Help us reach our goal.	帮助我们达成目标
She doesn't like people who aren't punctual.	她不喜欢不守时的人
Half a loaf is better than none.	半个面包总比没有好
If I were you, I'd do the same.	如果我是你
The bus was ten minutes late.	公车晚了十分钟
I'll wait here till he comes back.	我会在这里等着到他回来的
The rear gate was open.	后门开着
I always try to tell the truth.	我总是试著说实话
They were forced to kill and eat several of their horses.	他们被迫杀掉他们的几匹马来吃
Don't let the dog come in.	别让狗进来
Tom is blind.	汤姆瞎了
These three pretty girls are all nieces of mine.	这三个漂亮的女孩都是我的侄女
A woman visited us while you were sleeping.	你睡觉的时候
It is just your imagination.	这仅是你的想像而已
What sports do you like?	你喜欢什么运动
I can't wait for you.	我不能等你
I'm not one hundred percent convinced of that.	我不是百分之百确定
Thanks for the comment.	谢谢您的评论
How many pictures did you buy?	你买了多少张图画
The video quickly went viral.	这个视频很快火了
The sun went below the horizon.	太阳落到地平线下了
I'd like to make a call to Tokyo, Japan. The number is 3202-5625.	我想要打个电话到日本东京
This kind of plant grows only in the tropical regions.	这类植物只生长在热带地区
Did you buy juice?	你买果汁了吗
I finished the work in less than an hour.	我用不到一小时就完成了这个工作
Can I have a bite?	我可以吃一口吗
I can do it alone.	我可以独自做
Does this book belong to you?	这是你的书吗
The stripes were horizontal.	条纹是水平的
She's seventeen years old.	她十七岁了
Let's draw lots to decide who goes first.	来抽签决定谁先走吧
I missed a lot.	我错过了很多
I haven't finished this.	我做不了这个
It's a privilege to meet you.	幸会
I think it was wrong.	我认为它错了
What's for supper?	我们晚饭吃什么
May I see your passport?	我可以看看你的护照吗
She always gets her own way.	她总是随心所欲
She is pigeon-toed.	她是个内八字
Tom wants to sleep on it.	汤姆想在它上面睡觉
Please let me off at the next stop.	请在下一站让我下车
This makes me sad.	这让我难过
Tom is serious now.	汤姆现在是认真的
Will you give me a light?	借个火好吗
Doing the laundry is my job.	洗衣服是我的工作
It is not his business.	那不关他的事
She took a taxi to the hospital.	她搭计程车去医院了
He asked if I liked Chinese food.	他问我是否喜欢中国菜
I always rely on him in times of trouble.	我在困难时总是依赖他
He painted his bicycle red.	他把他的自行车刷成红色
Tom drank my apple juice.	Tom	喝我的苹果汁
The picture is nice.	这画不错
This is your dog.	这是你的狗
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.	我打心底里感激你
It seemed that she had already received the money.	看来她已经收到了钱
Take care.	照顾好自己
Take as many cookies as you want.	想吃多少饼干就吃多少
I have no time to read.	我没时间阅读
What'll actually happen is anyone's guess.	谁也说不准实际上将会发生什么事
My sister is a teacher.	我的妹妹是老师
I'm responsible for that.	我对此负有责任
Tom admitted that he had killed Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
Everyone should bring their own lunch.	每个人都应该带自己的午餐
Write to me as soon as you get there.	你一到就写信给我
You are now an adult.	你现在是大人了
Smoking isn't permitted here.	这里不允许抽烟
The students of this school are kind.	这个学校的学生很友好
Stay off the grass.	不要走在草地上
He is always laughing.	他总是在笑
He earns twice as much as me.	他的工资是我的两倍
He graduated from high school this spring.	今年春天他从高中毕业了
Cows give milk.	牛可产奶
Let me explain it to you.	让我给你说明
You'll find this map very useful.	你会发现这张地图非常有用
Mass production reduced the price of many goods.	大量生产降低许多商品的价格
What's for breakfast?	早饭吃什么
I think the same as they do.	我和他们意见一致
He took us back in his car.	他开车送我们回来的
What a good idea!	多好的主意啊
That's the other reason I'm here.	那是我在这里的另外一个理由
She spends her free time making dolls.	她利用空闲时间做布娃娃
Any comments are welcome.	欢迎作任何评论
Please help yourself to the fruit.	请随意吃水果
Please kill the lights.	请关灯
I didn't do anything.	我什么事都没有做
I heard a knock at the door.	我听到了敲门声
Stop scolding Tom.	别再骂汤姆了
Maybe they have something.	他们可能有点什么
You know what I want to hear.	你知道我想听甚么
My shoulder hurts.	我肩膀痛
Can you distinguish silver from tin?	你能分辨银和锡吗
My throat feels dry.	我喉咙很干
He abandoned all hope.	他放弃了所有希望
She began to sing.	她开始唱歌了
His house was small and old.	他的房子又小又旧
It's dangerous to fool around with electricity.	随便乱弄电是危险的
We rented the apartment.	我们租了公寓
I'm very proud of my father.	我非常以我的父亲为荣
There are many more students in the classroom today than yesterday.	今天教室里的学生比昨天还要多
She took my hand.	她握住我的手
Do you feel tired?	你觉得累吗
We were just about to leave when it rained.	我们正要离开的时候下雨了
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.	两三年就想掌握法语是很困难的
I don't particularly like her.	我特别不喜欢她
I'm glad I could help out.	能够出一份力太好了
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.	山坡上有一间村屋
We should run some tests.	我们应该进行测试
We have to find out what Tom wants.	我们要明白汤姆想要什么
I caught sight of a parade on my way home.	在回家的路上
My mother made me take some medicine.	我妈妈让我吃点药
We're humans.	我们是人
I think maybe Tom was right.	我认为汤姆可能是对的
There are many slums in Mexico.	在墨西哥有很多贫民窟
This whisky is very strong.	这种威士忌太烈了
Our eyes take time to adjust to the dark.	我们的眼睛需要时间来适应黑暗
I can't believe you are eating something the doctor has told you repeatedly you shouldn't eat.	真的不敢相信你在吃医生叮嘱不要食用的东西
I work best under pressure.	我在压力之下工作表现最好
Tom doesn't share Mary's enthusiasm.	汤姆没有感受到玛丽的热情
There is no answer to your question.	你的问题没有答案
Give me a cigarette.	给我支香烟吧
Don't go out after dark.	天黑以后不要出门
How awful!	太可怕了
We know everything.	我们什么都知道
Everybody but Tom knew he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
Here is your bag.	你的袋子在这里
A dog was run over by a truck.	一条狗被卡车碾过
We saw her off at the airport.	我们在机场为她送行
I have a flat tire.	我有个轮胎瘪了
What movies are playing this week?	这周放什么电影
He hid himself behind the door.	他藏到了门后
The enemy attacked us at night.	敌人在夜间攻击了我们
I'm still hungry.	我还饿着呢
What's happened to you?	你到底怎么回事啊
You want to remain anonymous.	你想保持匿名身份
Tom knew Mary wouldn't let him down.	汤姆知道玛丽不会让他失望
He keeps his room clean.	他保持他的房间干净
I wonder what the weather will be tomorrow.	不知道明天天气会怎么样呢
Today is my treat.	今天是我请客
Mother Nature is generous.	大自然很慷慨
I ate apples.	我吃苹果了
This company is listed on the Paris stock exchange.	这家公司在巴黎证券交易所上市了
Tom lost his credibility.	汤姆失去了信誉
I do not love him any longer.	我已经不爱他了
We must respect other people's privacy.	我们必须尊重别人的私隐
There is a strike.	有罢工
Her son is a genius.	她儿子是个天才
It wasn't that cold.	没那么冷
That's strange.	奇怪
I owe my success to him.	我把我的成功归功于他
They were worried.	他们担心
We had a great relationship.	我们的关系非常好
The wind calmed down.	风停了
I clapped my hands.	我拍手
Tom enjoys gardening.	汤姆享受园艺
Some people felt that Tom's behavior was inappropriate.	一部分人感觉
I have nothing to say.	我没什么可说的
No one supported his motion.	没人支持他的动议
His comment was concise and to the point.	他的评论简洁且击中要害
Is it all right to take pictures in this building?	我们可以在大楼里拍照吗
Where do you want to go today?	你今天想去哪儿呀
I go to church every day.	我每天上教堂
I have wine.	我有酒
Our eyes take time to adjust to the darkness.	我们的眼睛需要时间来适应黑暗
Let me know when you need me again.	还有事需要我就告诉我
Losing one's health is worse than losing money.	丧失健康比丧失金钱更糟糕
They furnished the library with new books.	他们在图书馆装备了新的书籍
I sat by his side.	我坐在他旁边
She's as busy as Tom.	她和汤姆一样忙
We had an unpleasant experience there.	我们在那里有一个不愉快的经历
What time will you leave?	你什么时候离开
They set out on a picnic.	他们出发去野餐了
I'm very thirsty.	我很渴
The town was defended by a large army.	城市由一支大军守卫
I'm taller than you.	我比你高
Get out!	出去
I don't think Tom will go to Boston next weekend.	我不认为汤姆下周会去波士顿
Being a good conversationalist does not just mean being a good speaker of English.	作为一个良好的交谈者
Speaking English is useful.	说英语很有用
I fell asleep while reading.	我看书的时候睡着了
He's not at all afraid of snakes.	他一点也不怕蛇
I stayed at home last night.	我昨晚待在家里
Will the price keep going up?	价格还会继续涨吗
Where is the elevator?	电梯在哪里
Do you believe in ghosts?	你相信有鬼魂吗
I have to study for the test.	我必须读书准备考试
Stop talking.	不要说话了
Could you bring my breakfast to room 305?	你可以把我的早餐送到
Tom has his own problems.	汤姆有他自己的问题
She spent all afternoon cooking.	她花了整个下午作饭
I'm busy today.	我今天忙
Did you learn that from Tom?	你从汤姆那里学到了吗
There's a picture on the wall.	墙上有一幅画
Is the rain to blame?	是雨的错
There are three empty rooms. However, we can't use any of them.	虽然有三间空屋
Eating lunch with you would make me happy.	跟你一起吃午饭会让我高兴
You'd better tell us what's going on.	你最好告诉我们发生了什么
It's not spring yet.	春天尚未来临
He ran.	他跑了
The lady really flipped out when she learned she had won a million dollars.	当这位女士得知她已经赢得了百万美元
I don't know who made the cake.	我不知道这个蛋糕是谁做的
My uncle gave me the watch.	我叔叔给了我这支表
I still haven't found work.	我还没有找到工作
I didn't want to get up early.	我不想很早起床
Did you hear the click?	你听到了点击声吗
This drink is on the house.	这种饮料是免费招待的
Tom held up a finger.	Tom	抬起一只指头
CDs have taken the place of records.	CD	已经取代了胶木唱片
Tom has been quite cooperative.	汤姆很合作
I feel bad enough already.	我已经觉得够糟了
I have brown hair.	我的头发是褐色的
He dressed up as a woman.	他打扮得像女人一样
There are exceptions to every rule.	每条规则都有例外
I cannot help thinking that my son is still alive.	我不禁想我的儿子一直都在生
I dare say he is right.	我敢说他是对的
I'm not disagreeing with you.	我没有反对你
Tom has a very friendly smile.	汤姆有很友好的微笑
You can't live without water.	没有水你不能生活
We were talking about something at that time, but I don't remember what.	我们那时在谈论事情
I have a black and a white dog.	我有一只黑狗和一只白狗
I like to go fishing with my father.	我喜欢和父亲一起去钓鱼
The bread isn't fresh.	面包不新鲜
He was elected mayor.	他被选为市长
Tom broke some bones in his arm and hand.	汤姆的手臂和手断了些骨头
I'm glad you came today.	我很高兴你今天来了
Tell me about it.	跟我讲讲那件事
You are good.	你很好
She isn't afraid of death.	她不怕死
My brother can drive a car.	我哥哥会开车
New Year's Day is close at hand.	元旦就在眼前
We must intervene.	我们必须介入
Do you know where he lives?	你知道他住在哪里吗
You're such a brat.	你个小屁孩
I haven't started anything yet.	我还没开始做任何事
There are some boys in the park.	公园里有一些男孩子
Tom isn't afraid of anything.	汤姆对甚么都不怕
No problem!	没问题
Is Tom there?	汤姆在吗
He introduced me to a pretty girl.	他把我介绍给了一个漂亮的女孩
I like potatoes.	我喜欢土豆
Tom wanted something else.	汤姆想要别的东西
Tom has three cats.	Tom	有三只猫
Nobody gave us a chance.	没人给我们机会
Nothing has moved.	什么都没动
This matter is very urgent.	这件事非常紧急
How much time is left?	还剩多少时间
The economy is picking up.	经济在复苏之中
Take a taxi to the hotel.	打的去旅馆吧
Someone is lying.	有人说谎
The teacher has a great influence on his pupils.	这个教授对他的学生有很大的影响力
I'm eating rice now.	我现在正在吃米饭
Can you please close that window?	请您把那扇窗户关起来好吗
He is constantly complaining.	他总是在抱怨
He placed the book on the shelf.	他把书放在了书架上
We got up after midnight.	我们在午夜之后起床
I'm sorry I was so rude.	对不起
I heard him go down the stairs.	我听见了他下楼
She said she was happy.	她说了她很幸福
Sorry for being late.	对不起
Sit wherever you like.	随便坐
Which credit cards can I use?	我可以用哪些信用卡
There are many beautiful castles in northern Germany.	在德国北部有很多美丽的城堡
How are you, Tom?	你好吗
English has become an international language.	英语成为了一门国际语言
There's all kinds of people in the world.	林子大了什么鸟都有
No words can relieve her deep sorrow.	没有话语能减轻她的深痛悲伤
We talked and talked until the day broke.	我们一直聊天直到天明
He left after he had lunch.	他吃过午餐就出去了
Did Tom ever threaten you?	汤姆威胁过你吗
She poured brandy into the glasses.	她把白兰地倒进玻璃杯里
He studies history at college.	他在大学修读历史
I competed with him for the championship.	我和他竞争冠军
Swimming is good for your health.	游泳对你的健康很好
Was his story true?	他的故事是真的吗
May I open the window?	可以开窗吗
I got up very late this morning.	今天早上我起得很晚
May I drink alcohol?	我可以喝酒吗
I'm going on vacation next week.	我下周要去度假
What is your phone number?	你电话号码是多少
I'm certain that Tom is the only one who won't do that.	我确信汤姆是唯一不会那么做的人
Tom has disappeared.	汤姆不见了
English is a means of communication.	英语是一种沟通的手段
I grow tomatoes and onions in my garden.	我在花园种了番茄和洋葱
They have been married for ten years.	他们已经结婚十年了
Please don't look at me like that.	请不要那样看我
He is bound to succeed.	他一定会成功
Tom doesn't have a lot of money.	汤姆没有很多钱
Tom said Mary likes driving.	汤姆说玛丽喜欢驾车
I don't have a car.	我没有汽车
He was too drunk to drive home.	他喝酒醉无法开车回家
Do you think that was fair?	你认为那公平吗
The leader governed his country for more than 50 years.	这位领导人统治了他的国家五十年
The bus stop is near our school.	巴士站离我们的学校近
Tom knew he should help Mary.	汤姆知道他该帮玛丽
Tom was the only one who was punished.	汤姆是唯一受罚的人
I interpreted her silence as a refusal.	我认为她的沉默就是表示拒绝
Are Tom and Mary working together?	汤姆和玛丽一起工作吗
When did this occur?	这是什么时候发生的
He doesn't always come late.	他不是总来晚
A liar needs to have a good memory.	说谎的人需要很好的记忆力
In the case of fire, dial 119.	遇到火灾打
I'm coming to see you tomorrow.	我明天会来看你
You drink too much coffee.	你咖啡喝得太多了
That's a lot of cash.	那是很多钱
We should abolish the death penalty.	我们应该废除死刑
Venus doesn’t have any moons.	金星没有卫星
I was very, very lucky.	我非常非常幸运
I'm anxious to see you.	我渴望见到你
You haven't been listening.	你没听
These are called shoes.	这些叫鞋子
"Shall I take a message?" "No, thank you."	“	需要我为您留个口信儿吗
It makes me feel good.	它让我感觉很好
I love my life.	我爱我的生活
The rain is beating against the windows.	雨点打着窗户
I provided him with food.	我为他提供了食物
This book will do.	这本书就行了
I'd like to talk to Tom alone.	我想和汤姆单独谈一谈
He continued working all day.	他继续工作了一整天
She is always dressed in black.	她总是穿著黑色的衣服
He told us to keep quiet.	他告诉我们要保持安静
She keeps a parrot as a pet.	她养一只鹦鹉作为宠物
I'm sorry, but I really have to go.	我很抱歉
Tom is getting paranoid.	汤姆越来越多疑了
Are you tired?	你觉得累吗
Don't throw rocks into the river.	不要扔石头到河里
Sleep deprivation increases risk of heart attacks.	睡眠不足增加心脏病发作的危险
That's wet.	那是湿的
Were you right?	你是对的吗
I want to be a lawyer.	我要当律师
He is likely to win the game.	他有可能赢得比赛
Do you also like jazz?	您也喜欢爵士乐吗
None of the teachers could solve the problem.	这道题目没有一位老师会做
Germany was once an ally of Italy.	德国曾是意大利的同盟国
Don't wait.	不要等待
I can't go with you today because I'm very busy.	今天我太忙了
I like red wine better than white wine.	我喜欢红葡萄酒胜过白葡萄酒
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.	住在隔壁的男孩常常很晚回来
I always have a look at the newspaper before breakfast.	我经常在早饭前看一眼报纸
He got to school just in time.	他刚好准时到校
Give me the book.	给我这本书
Put your weapon down.	把你的武器放下
I'll give you a little tip.	我会给你些提示
We should break up.	我们分手吧
What's it like being Tom's girlfriend?	做汤姆的女朋友怎么样
How much is this umbrella?	这把伞多少钱
Is there anything in the box?	盒子里有任何东西吗
You two should get married.	你们两个应该结婚
Tom is not a friendly guy.	汤姆不是个友好的家伙
Judging from his appearance, he must be a rich man.	从他的外表来看
I guess you heard about what happened this morning.	我想你听说今天早上发生什么了
Are you familiar with the rules of soccer?	你对足球规则熟悉吗
I like your city.	我喜欢你们的城市
I want to drink something cold.	我想喝点冷饮
I met him on my way home.	我在回家的路上遇见了他
He brought back several souvenirs.	他带回了一些纪念品
I've no way of telling whether or not what he says is true.	我无法判断他的话是真是假
I believe he is coming tomorrow.	我相信他明天会来
A dog followed me to my school.	一只狗跟著我到我的学校
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan and China.	1978	年中国和日本签署了和平条约
"Is he going to swim tomorrow?" "Yes, he is."	"	他明天会去游泳吗
I have to take my medicine every six hours.	我每六小时要服一次药
Tom is one of the most disagreeable people I know.	Tom	是我认识最讨厌的人之一
This is a beautiful flower.	这是一朵美丽的花
Let me show you around our house.	让我带你四处看看我们的房子
Can you demonstrate it?	您可以示范一下吗
She burned her left hand.	她的左手被烫到了
After dinner, I did my homework.	我吃完晚饭后做作业
My mother teaches flower arranging.	我母亲教插花艺术
When did you go to work?	你什么时候上班
Tom says he doesn't feel like going out.	汤姆说他不想出去
Summer vacation begins next Monday.	暑假从下星期一开始
I know you're busy, too.	我知道
Tom can't tell Mary his real feelings.	汤姆不能把他的真实感受告诉玛丽
Don't let this information leak out.	不要让这些信息泄露出去
It's important to read books.	读书很重要
What are my responsibilities?	我的责任是什么
Mary isn't really sick. She's just pretending to be sick.	玛丽不是真病
Do you ever study in the library?	你曾经在图书馆读书吗
I was really confused.	我真的很困惑
Tom isn't satisfied with the result.	汤姆对结果不满
I'm 17, too.	我也是
She went to the museum by taxi.	她搭计程车去博物馆了
That's very handy.	这很方便
I don't want to talk about it.	我不想谈论这个问题
Iron is a useful metal.	铁是个有用的金属
I think that Tom is about to cry.	我想汤姆快哭了
The car broke down.	汽车发生故障了
Tom kissed Mary on both cheeks.	汤姆亲吻了玛丽的两颊
Don't smile.	不要微笑
My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves.	我父亲总是说天助自助者
Has that secretarial position been filled?	秘书的职位已经有人了吗
You must clear the table.	你必须把桌子清理干净
Do you have any pencils?	你有铅笔吗
Take the oranges out of the fridge.	把橙子从冰箱里拿出来
I stay at home on Sundays.	我星期天在家
I think you should do that before you go home today.	我认为你该在今天回家前做
We weren't at home yesterday evening.	昨天晚上我们不在家
You look just like your older brother.	你和你哥哥长得一模一样
She needs our help.	她需要我们的帮忙
I've seen it with my own eyes.	我亲眼看见了
Do you eat meat?	您吃不吃肉
I've been coming to work one train earlier lately.	我已经搭了最近比较早一点的火车来上班
He taught himself French.	他自学法语
If you make a mess, clean it up.	如果你弄乱了
I see a flower on the desk.	我看见书桌上有朵花
He lives alone.	他一个人生活
See you tomorrow.	明天见
They all looked for the lost child.	他们都在寻找这个走失的孩子
I have no intention of resigning.	我一点也没有要辞职的意思
How did you reply?	您怎么回答的
I'm going to bed. Good night.	我要睡了
Tom is very talented.	汤姆多才多艺
What did Tom expect Mary to do?	汤姆打算让玛丽做什么
I went to the station to see my friend off.	我去车站为我朋友送行
When did she get married?	她什么时候结婚的
Except for one person, everybody went home.	除了一人
What have you got planned for next weekend?	你下个周末有什么安排
I suspected that Tom was interested.	我怀疑汤姆也感到兴趣
That book is very old.	那本书很旧
Could you please autograph this book?	请你在这本书上签名好吗
They referred to Chaucer as the father of English poetry.	他们视乔叟为英诗之父
There's a letter for you.	你有一封信
No one escaped alive.	没有人生还
I got some sand in my eye.	我的眼睛进了些沙
I'm just worried about my weight.	我只是担心我的体重
It isn't something that I'm very good at.	这不是我所擅长的事
I talked with her for an hour.	我跟她谈了一个小时
Tom didn't go there yesterday.	汤姆昨天没去那里
The doctor came immediately.	医生立刻就到了
Not everyone can afford a car.	每个人都买不起车
Do you have a lot of time to relax?	你有很多休闲时间吗
Water is essential to life.	水是生命所不可缺少的
This has nothing to do with you.	跟你没半毛钱关系
Every cloud has a silver lining.	每朵云都披著银衣
She takes piano lessons once a week.	她每周上一次钢琴课
Algebra is my favorite subject.	代数是我最喜欢的科目
What are you doing tonight?	你今晚在做什么
They have been married two years.	他们已经结婚两年了
Tom and Mary argue with each other all the time.	汤姆和玛丽无时无刻不在辩论
Tom gave Mary that nickname.	汤姆给玛丽起的外号
I like winter better than summer.	我喜欢冬天胜过夏天
Wouldn't you like to eat?	你们不想吃饭吗
Where are you going?	你去哪儿
I don't care.	我无所谓
I want to buy a pair of pants.	我想买条裤子
I was very hungry.	我很饿
All people are created equal.	人人生来平等
You talk too much.	你说太多了
Tom has lost his mind.	汤姆失去理智了
He is a student at Harvard.	他是一个哈佛的学生
My cats will love this.	我的猫会爱上这个
We're flying from Boston to Chicago.	我们要从波士顿飞往芝加哥
You're the only person I can trust.	你是我唯一可以信任的人
He works from Monday to Friday.	他周一到周五上班
Turn left at the corner.	请在那个拐角左转
My aunt made a new skirt for me.	我舅母做了一条新裙子给我
You like it, don't you?	你喜欢它
Our car broke down last night.	我们的昨晚车抛锚了
This summer I went on vacation in Scotland.	这个夏天
I can only give you ten minutes.	我只能给你十分钟
I wish I were young.	但愿我还年轻
I've already eaten dinner.	我已经吃晚饭了
I bought some clothes.	我买衣服了
Can we trust them?	我们能信任他们吗
You'd better eat something.	你最好吃点东西
She didn't like the horse at first.	起初她不喜欢马
He threw the ball.	他把球扔了
Were I to die, who would look after my children?	要是我死了
You ought to thank him.	你应该感谢他
This makes us stronger.	这使我们更强大
Can you swim?	你能游泳吗
Tom has lost weight recently.	汤姆最近变瘦了
You have many books.	你有许多书
I wonder if Tom can help us.	我不知道汤姆能不能幚我们
He has spent ten years in jail for murder.	他因为谋杀案在牢里待了十年
She is still a girl.	她还是个小女孩
Something is wrong with my watch.	我的手表坏了
It won't cost much.	它不会太贵的
I ate your strawberries.	我吃了你的草莓
She has a lot of work to do.	她有很多事要做
That was three days ago.	这是三天之前了
I'm surprised you're so naive.	我很惊讶你竟然那么天真
I have a stomachache.	我肚子疼
Everything is going horribly wrong for Tom.	对汤姆来说一切都开始错得离谱
Would you pass me the salt, please?	请你把盐递给我好吗
Our plans fell through at the last minute.	我们的方案在最后的时刻失败了
Don't worry about this.	别为这事担心
Have you finished writing the letter yet?	你信写完了吗
Tom is buying some flowers for Mary.	汤姆在给玛丽买花
Tom said Mary hit him.	汤姆说玛丽打他
I think you should make the deal.	我看你该做这交易
Her idea is better than yours.	她的想法比你的好
This watch is broken.	这个手表坏掉了
Why are you always shouting?	你为什么总要大叫
You really are hopeless.	你真的是一点希望也没有
What did you tell them?	你告诉了他们什么
Would you please turn the TV off?	请把电视机关掉好吗
They are having a chat.	他们正在聊天
How long will this rain go on?	雨会下多久
The crops need rain.	农作物需要雨水
The towel wasn't useful at all.	毛巾完全没起作用
I don't play tennis that well.	我网球打得不那么好
You deserve to succeed.	你的成功是应得的
I would like fruit juice.	我想要果汁
Tom gave us something to talk about.	汤姆给了我们可以谈论的东西
I had a little fever this morning.	今天上午我有一点儿发烧
You must return the book to him.	这本书你该还给他
I'd like to see him tomorrow afternoon.	我想明天下午见他
My mom and I are completely different.	我妈妈和我完全不同
He likes tea.	他喜欢茶
It's not possible to know everything.	全知是不可能的
He has no house in which to live.	他没有房子住
Tom works at a fast-food restaurant.	汤姆在一家快餐店工作
It had to be Tom that did that.	一定是汤姆做的
My father graduated from Harvard University.	我爸爸是哈佛大学毕业的
Shut the door.	关门
I'm good at soccer.	我擅长足球
Is the customer always right?	顾客永远是正确的吗
I didn't need to paint the fence.	我不需要粉刷围墙
I'm looking for an old man.	我正在寻找一位老人
Admission to the museum is thirty dollars.	博物馆入场费是三十美元
Why did you do such a thing?	你为什么做了这种事儿
Well, let's get going!	好吧
She wore a red dress.	她穿了一条红色的裙子
That was wrong.	那样是错的
Stay right here and relax.	待在这里
She spends a lot of time practicing the piano.	她花很多时间练钢琴
He managed to get there in time.	他设法及时到达那里了
You don't need to prepare a formal speech.	您没必要准备一个正式的演讲
None of the telephones are working.	所有的电话都不通
I'm on my way to the meeting right now.	我在前往会议的路上
Tom joined our company three years ago.	汤姆三年前进了我们公司
A string of disasters struck the region.	一连串的灾难袭击这个地区
It will cost around 10,000 yen.	它将花费大约
The boat was tied with a short line.	船被用短绳系著
You spend too much money.	你花太多钱了
A large pillar obstructs the view of the lake.	巨大的柱子遮住了视线
Tom just never should've done that.	汤姆就不该做那事
He carved a Buddha statue from wood.	他用一块木头刻出一尊佛像
Tom's blood pressure is high.	汤姆有高血压
Tom is a rabbi.	汤姆是个拉比
If you need my advice, I'd be glad to give it to you.	如果你需要我的建议
I like short poems.	我喜欢短诗
Your dog is very fat.	你的狗非常胖
My father has been engaged in foreign trade for many years.	我父亲经营外贸多年
You are a student.	你是学生
My mom gets out of bed before me.	我妈妈比我早起
I will not go to school tomorrow.	我明天不会去学校
Who exactly is responsible?	究竟谁要负责
It looks like snow, doesn't it?	看起来要下雪了
That's the way it is.	就是这样的
Excuse me, I have to get off at the next stop.	对不起
I'm not inflexible.	我不是死板的
He helped the lady into the car.	他帮助这位女士上车
I plan to catch the 10:30 train.	我打算搭十点三十分的火车
It's just around the corner.	就在转角处
I owe it you that I am still alive.	多亏了你
The leaves fell to the earth.	树叶掉在地上
I wouldn't try that again.	我不会再试了
I found something interesting in the town.	我发现了镇上一些有趣的事
They were very excited.	他们非常兴奋
He wouldn't listen to my advice.	他不肯听我的劝告
Can you take a picture of us?	您能好好给我们照一张相吗
It rarely snows here in the winter.	这里的冬天很少下雪
It doesn't really matter.	那不真的重要
I'm Tom's dad.	我是汤姆的父亲
I came to Japan to see Kyoto.	我来日本看京都
That factory makes toys.	那家工厂生产玩具
That one is really good.	那个真好
Why do you need this money?	你为什么需要这笔钱
We like to play soccer.	我们喜欢踢足球
He never said that.	他从来没说过那个
Please tell the truth.	请把事实说出来
Tom has been to this park with Mary at least a dozen times.	汤姆跟玛丽来这公园至少十二次
I didn't hear anybody talking.	我没听到任何人在说话
Tom has traveled around the world.	汤姆环游了世界
Please write with a pencil.	请用铅笔写
Are you on the committee?	你是委员会中的成员吗
She squeezed the juice from many oranges.	她用了许多柳橙来榨汁
Austria is one of the largest producers of electricity in Europe.	澳大利亚在欧洲是最大的电能生产国之一
Are they actually friends?	他们真是朋友吗
I know that you did your best.	我知道你尽力了
Do we have anything I can snack on?	我们有任何我可以当零食吃的东西吗
Go to the patio.	去露台
Tom waved at Mary from the helicopter.	汤姆在直升机上向玛丽挥手
You should've told me yesterday.	你昨天就该告诉我了
This factory manufactures CD players.	这家工厂生产
I have a good appetite today.	我今天的食欲很好
I love that story.	我喜欢那个故事
Are your eyes bad?	你眼睛不好吗
Basketball is a lot of fun.	篮球可真是有意思
You were at my wedding.	你出席了我的婚礼
He broke the window on purpose.	他故意打破了窗户
I asked him to help me.	我请他帮我
She speaks fairly quickly.	她说话相当快
What time is it in Boston?	波士顿现在几点
Which way is Central Park?	中央公园在哪个方向
Best of luck to you.	祝你好运
Where are you from?	你是哪里的人
I lost my way in the forest.	我在树林里迷路了
You're wearing your sweater inside out.	你毛衣穿反了哟
He used to live here.	他以前住在这儿
Put the chair in front of the desk.	把椅子放在桌子前面
She stabbed him in the back.	她在他的背上戳了一下
She is not always happy.	她不总是高兴
The box is too heavy to carry.	这个箱子太重了无法携带
Water becomes solid when it freezes.	水结冰后成为固体
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as Mary does.	汤姆可能不知道如何像玛丽一样做得好
We have to look after our parents.	我们要照顾我们的父母
Tom has no intention of asking Mary to the upcoming dance.	Tom	没有意图去邀请
He knocked on the closed door.	他敲了敲紧闭的门
This is quite good.	这可真好
I'll never forget your kindness.	我永远不会忘记你的好意
What did you eat for lunch?	你们午饭吃了什么
Tom has no siblings.	Tom	没有兄弟姊妹
I'll still have a scar from that accident.	我还留着那起事故的伤疤
Don't you want to know why?	你不想知道为什么吗
Let's go as soon as it stops raining.	只要雨一停我们就走
Let's play baseball after school.	让我们放学后打棒球
I often play soccer after school.	我常常在放学后踢足球
Please lend me your knife.	请借我你的刀
You should pay your rent in advance.	你应该提前付租金
Science is fun.	科学好玩
Don't worry.	别担心
I don't think she is happy.	我觉得她不开心
We'll come back tomorrow.	我们明天回来
You may be right.	你可能是对的
You'll have to start at once.	你必须马上开始
I stayed home all day instead of going to work.	我没有去工作
I usually take a bath after dinner.	我通常在晚饭后洗澡
I can't afford that.	我买不起那个
I'm very happy to see you.	我很高兴见到你
You don't need money.	你不需要钱
Aren't you thirsty?	你不渴吗
Please pass me the salt.	请把盐递给我
I don't want to hear any more of your complaining.	我不想再听你抱怨了
Tom speaks Japanese better than the Japanese do.	汤姆的日语比日本人说得还要好
What do you usually do in your spare time?	你在闲暇的时候一般做什么
Tom drank heavily.	汤姆喝得很多
I am counting on you.	我指望你了
I don't want a birthday party.	我不想要生日聚会
I'm sure you'll succeed.	我肯定你会成功
My bicycle has a flat tire.	我的脚踏车轮胎没气了
Do you think I can help?	你认为我能帮忙吗
May I come and see you tomorrow?	我明天可以来看你吗
I didn't know about your plan.	我不知道你的计划
How many forks do we need?	我们需要多少把叉子
The present time is a good time.	现在正是好时候
What I'm saying is true.	我说的是真的
Open the bottle.	把瓶子打开
Tom said Mary was sleeping.	汤姆说玛丽在睡觉
Tom died in the battle.	汤姆在战斗中死了
How much will it all cost?	一共要多少钱
He has a son and two daughters.	他有一个儿子和两个女儿
I am a college student.	我是一名大学生
Could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days?	你能把你的自行车借我两天吗
I'm at home.	我在家
She likes all kinds of sports.	她喜欢各种运动
I'm learning two foreign languages.	我正在学两门外语
Six divided by two equals three.	六除以二得三
His new novel is worth reading.	他的新小说值得一读
Do you know if she can speak English?	你知道她是否会讲英语吗
They were surprised.	他们震惊了
I'm not ashamed of my father being poor.	我父亲很穷并不让我觉得丢脸
He has a test next week.	他下礼拜要考试
Tom's eyes are blue.	汤姆的眼睛是蓝色的
You have the same racket as I have.	你的球拍跟我的一样
Can you feel the difference?	你能感受到不同之处吗
They had a rest for a while.	他们休息了一会儿
He showed me his photograph album.	他给我看了他的影集
It seems she hates you.	她好像很讨厌你
We made an appeal for support.	我们提出了请求支持的呼吁
I saw you driving your new car.	我看到你开著你的新车
Tom and I are both tired.	汤姆和我都累了
You look like you've just lost your best friend.	你看上去就像是刚刚失去了自己最好的朋友似的
He may come tomorrow afternoon.	他明天下午可能会来
I'll let Tom tell you.	我会让汤姆告诉你
I didn't go home yesterday.	我昨天没回家
I haven't had much sleep lately.	我最近没怎么睡觉
Soccer is the most popular sport in Brazil.	足球在巴西是最受欢迎的运动
We tried to stop you.	我们试著阻止你
Boston is a wonderful city.	波士顿是一座非常好的城市
We should do our best.	我们应该做到最好
English is easy to learn.	英语简单易学
I've never been so proud of you.	我从没这么以你为豪
I like listening to the radio.	我喜欢听收音机
You must do your best.	你必须做到最好
I usually wear jeans on Sunday.	我星期天通常穿牛仔裤
From the look of the sky, it may rain in the afternoon.	从天色看起来
She hit the ball hard.	她用力地拍了球
The last person I told my idea to thought I was nuts.	最后一个听我说我的主意的人认为我疯了
I know that you think I'm crazy.	我知道你觉得我疯了
We have two children.	我们有两个孩子
The court declared him innocent on the charge of murder.	法庭对他的谋杀罪名作出了无罪判决
I'd like an orange juice.	我想要一杯柳橙汁
New York is on the Hudson River.	纽约位在哈得逊河
I hope Tom's predictions are wrong.	我希望汤姆的预测是错的
Tom called the police.	汤姆叫了警察
There are two zeros in the number "2010."	2010	这个数字里有两个零
I let Tom watch a little TV after he finished his homework.	我让
I'll stay until tomorrow.	我会留到明天
It's not going to take long.	不会花很多时间的
You should have worked harder.	你应该要更努力的
Tom doesn't enjoy tennis and never has.	汤姆不喜欢网球
He can't buy a car.	他不能买车
Call me when you get settled in.	你安顿好就打电话给我
I don't think that it's necessary.	我想没这个必要
I'd rather go swimming.	我宁愿去游泳
Did you see him go out?	你看到他出去了吗
He got a broken jaw and lost some teeth.	他磕碎了下巴
You are stupid.	你很愚蠢
Could I have a subway map, please?	给我一张地下铁的路线图好吗
She had a vague feeling of guilt.	她隐约地有一种的内疚感
He must finish his homework today.	他今天必须完成他的功课
Tom asked me if I was tired.	汤姆问我我是不是累了
Please give me a glass of milk.	请给我一杯牛奶
This is the stupidest thing I've ever seen in my entire life.	这是我人生中见过最白痴的事
Look out for pickpockets.	小心扒手
He denied having written to me.	他否认曾写信给我
He has been to London three times.	他去过伦敦三次
He likes to go out on horseback.	他喜欢骑马出行
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.	牛在草地上吃牧草
I hid under the table.	我藏在桌子底下
Do you have these shoes in my size?	你们这款鞋子有我的尺寸吗
Tom gave Mary a nice present.	汤姆给了玛丽一个不错的礼物
I've been here many times before.	我以前来过很多次了
How long did you stay?	你待了多久
Anything you say can be used against you in court.	你所说的一切都将成为呈堂证供
I can't ask Tom right now.	我现在不能问汤姆
I'm not particularly thirsty right now.	我现在不特别渴
When you're here, I feel safer.	你在这里的时候
I dislike eggs.	我不喜欢鸡蛋
My sister has a nice piano.	我妹妹有架漂亮的钢琴
Of course she passed the test.	当然
He is old enough to drive a car.	他的年纪可以开车了
This is my dictionary.	这是我的字典
It's the thought that counts.	礼轻情意重
Everything will be OK.	一切都会好的
How come you didn't call me last night?	怎么你昨晚没有给我打电话
Will it take long to recover?	要很长的时间才能恢复吗
The students learned many poems by heart.	学生们用心学习了很多首诗
We had no time to finish our report.	我们没有时间来完成我们的报告
Here's a big map of Germany.	这儿有张德国的大地图
If I am busy then I may arrive late.	要是我很忙
Tom carried the chairs to the next room.	汤姆把椅子拿到了下个房间
I could answer all the questions.	我可以回答所有问题
They are happy with the result.	他们对结果很满意
I would like your picture.	我想要你的照片
A wooden building can easily catch fire.	木质房屋很容易着火
Tom studies philosophy at college.	汤姆在大学里学的是哲学
I'm having my house painted next month.	我下个月刷我的房子
I've invited my friends.	我邀请了我的朋友
I play tennis in the park on Sunday.	我周日在公园里打网球
Money has changed his life.	金钱改变了他的生活
I don't agree with you on this point.	这一点我不赞成你
I couldn't make him understand it.	我无法让他明白
It is too late.	太晚了
Haven't we met before?	我们以前没见过吗
The company suffered a loss of one billion yen last year.	那家公司去年亏损了
His office is very close to mine.	他的办公室跟我的非常近
Ignorance is bliss.	无知就是幸福
I don't think that we should go with Tom.	我认为我们不应该跟汤姆一起走
Saturn is a planet.	土星是一颗行星
It is not necessary for us to attend the meeting.	我们没有必要参加会议
Tom will probably be there.	汤姆可能会去那里
His ideas are always practical.	他的主意总是可行的
A good many people have told me to take a holiday.	很多人都跟我说要我休假
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.	我想知道汤姆为什么要我们那样做
Whose bike is this?	这辆自行车是谁的
I'm feeling much better today.	我今天感觉好多了
I bought a kite to give to you.	我买了一个风筝给你
It's confidential.	这是机密
We won the battle.	我们战争胜利了
You're photogenic.	你很上相
I collect stamps.	我收集邮票
Strike while the iron is hot.	打铁趁热
What did you want us to do?	你要我们做什么
You can take either road to get to the park.	哪条路都可以去公园哦
New York City policemen wear dark blue uniforms.	纽约警察穿深蓝色制服
Tom didn't let me answer Mary's question.	汤姆没有让我回答玛莉的问题
There are too many people there.	那里太多人了
I usually have a light breakfast.	我早餐通常吃得很清淡
Eat more slowly.	慢点吃
Thank you very much for your gift.	非常谢谢你的礼物
Somebody has stolen my hair dryer.	有人偷了我的吹风机
I've lost my key.	我钥匙丢了
Yes, it's such a nice evening.	是的
The teacher granted me permission to go home early.	老师允许我提前回家
Why does Tom call me Mary?	为什么汤姆叫我玛丽
I prefer riding to walking.	我喜欢骑车胜过走路
Are you over 18?	你有
I don't know why you don't like Tom.	我不知道你不喜欢汤姆的理由
Nobody tried to help Tom.	没人试图帮汤姆
I'm very methodical.	我很有条理
The accident happened on Sunday at about 3:00.	此事故发生在周日
They know what happened.	他们知道发生了什么
I sell clothing online.	我在网路上卖衣服
The phone is ringing.	电话正在响
Tom was unsatisfied with the results.	汤姆对结果不满
Tom is careful, isn't he?	汤姆很仔细
Wait a moment.	等一下
The boy grew up to be a great statesman.	这个孩子长大后成为了一个伟大的政治家
I don't have much time.	我时间不多
He was meditating on his future life.	他正在思考他未来的生活
I have a high fever.	我烧得很厉害
Are you doing anything special?	你在做什么特别的事吗
I'm much better today than yesterday.	我今天觉得比昨天好多了
We're on strike because the company hasn't improved our wages.	我们之所以罢工是因为公司没有改善我们的工资
I'll be on duty this Sunday.	我在本周日上班
I took my temperature every six hours.	我每六小时量一次体温
Could you repeat that, please?	能不能请你重复一下
I got injured in the traffic accident.	我在这场交通意外中受了伤
We were all pretty shocked.	我们都很震惊
When do you usually get off work?	您一般几点下班
Which do you prefer, spring or autumn?	春天和秋天
Do you still want to give me a hug?	你还想给我一个拥抱吗
What does Tom know about me?	汤姆知道我的什么
She hired him as a programmer.	她聘请他作程式设计师
He rarely stays home on Sunday.	他很少周日待在家里
What was the cause of the explosion?	爆炸的原因是什么
This is really terrible.	这真可怕
I think you've done this before.	我想你以前做过这个
Air is a mixture of gases.	空气是气体的混合物
Tom got fat.	汤姆变胖了
I have two daughters and two sons.	我有两个女儿和两个儿子
He hasn't yet turned in the report this month.	他这个月还没有提交报告书
How is the weather there?	那里的天气怎么样
The warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness.	战士知道自己的力量和弱点
Tom's lonely.	汤姆很孤独
I'm not at all satisfied with this result.	我对这个结果一点儿也不满意
I'll be back at ten.	我十点回来
I appreciate your cooperation.	我感谢您的合作
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.	情人眼里出西施
Tom gave me a pen.	汤姆给了我一枝笔
The prince succeeded to the throne.	王子继承了王位
That's something to be proud of.	那是值得自豪的事
Tom doesn't want to talk to anybody.	汤姆不想跟任何人说话
Tom and Mary are in the same class.	汤姆和玛丽在同一个班级
Where did you get that much money?	你从哪里得到这么多钱的
I chew gum.	我嚼口香糖
Don't pry into my private life.	不要插手我的私生活
Here are some interesting links.	这里有些有趣的连结
I almost forgot my lunch.	我快把我的午饭忘了
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System.	木星是太阳系中最大的行星
The older we become, the worse our memory gets.	我们越老
Tom remained standing as the others sat down.	别人都坐下了
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.	他通过驾驶考试的事让每一个人都觉得惊讶
He makes the most of his opportunities.	他充分利用他的机会
Please speak more loudly.	请说大声一点儿
You should apologize to your father for not getting home in time for dinner.	你应该为你没有及时回家吃晚餐向你父亲道歉
I was the only one to leave.	除了我没有人离开
Please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail.	收到此邮件后请尽快给我答复
No one encouraged her.	没有人鼓励她
Go upstairs and bring down my trunk.	上楼把我的旅行箱拿下来
Did you find your contact lenses?	你找到你的隐形眼镜了吗
I gave up all hope of survival.	我放弃了所有生存的希望
She was bewitched by his smile.	她被他的笑容迷住了
Don't be silly. I can't do it.	别犯傻
Why were you there?	你为什么在那里
What do you two do for fun?	你们两个做了什么有趣的事情呢
You are in my way.	你挡住了我的路
White doves are pretty birds.	白鸽是种美丽的鸟类
My watch is five minutes slow.	我的表慢了五分钟
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.	山坡上有一间小屋
My father will come home at seven.	我爸爸会在七点钟回家
I really like this singer.	我挺喜欢那个歌手的
Flowers bloom.	鲜花盛开
Have you ever broken your glasses?	你摔坏过你的眼镜吗
I'll come back.	我会回来的
I always kept my promises.	我一直信守我的诺言
What did you tell your boss?	你跟你的老板说什么了
You're just running away from life's problems.	你只会逃避生活问题
It's the truth.	这是事实
I wish I could go to the party with you.	我希望我能和你一起参加派对
I'm very sleepy.	我非常困
Tom does everything he can to save money.	汤姆尽全力省钱
Is it true Tom wants to paint his house green?	汤姆想把房子漆成绿色
What time did you get up today?	你今天几点起的床
Many friends saw him off.	许多朋友为他送行
Tom still can't read.	汤姆还是不能读书
Tom had a heart attack last year.	汤姆去年得了心脏病
No comment.	禁止评论
My parents won't let me date.	我父母不让我和男生约会
Remember that I outrank you.	记住我的级别在你的之上
I stayed at his place yesterday.	我昨天住在他家
The world is changing every minute.	世界每一分钟都在改变
We'll be sure to look into it.	我们一定会调查它
Would you like to come along?	你想一起去吗
You must get up a little earlier.	你该早一点起床
Please bring me my bill.	请把帐单给我
The library is in the middle of the city.	图书馆位于市中央
I don't know what to open it with.	我不知道用什么能打开它
We'll deal with this problem in Chapter 3.	我们在第三章讨论这个问题
I have to find a part-time job.	我得找一份兼职工作
Thanks for coming over tonight.	谢谢您今晚的光临
This is a true story.	这个故事是真的
He gave me food and money as well.	他给了我食物和钱
I got to the station this morning.	我今天上午到了车站
The girl greeted me with a smile.	这个女孩面带微笑向我打招呼
He rushed into the room with his coat on.	他穿着衣服冲进房间
Please let me know as soon as it's decided.	决定好的话请第一时间告诉我
I'm sure Tom came here yesterday.	我很肯定汤姆昨天来过这里
Imports exceeded exports last year.	去年的进口商品额超过了出口商品额
Boston is a great place to raise kids.	波士顿是养育小孩的好地方
He wrote the report.	他写了这份报告
You are old enough to know better than to act like that.	你够大了知道不要那样做
You're always as busy as a bee.	你总是跟蜜蜂一样地忙碌
I had a happy childhood.	我的童年很快乐
Tom put the large picnic basket on the passenger seat next to him.	汤姆把那个大野餐篮子放在他旁边的乘客座位上
It's been a long time since I've had a real vacation.	好久没有休一个真正的假期了
He acts as if he were a king.	他表现得像国王一样
Tom couldn't control himself.	汤姆不能自已
Where's the nearest church?	最近的教堂在哪里
Tom freed the bird.	Tom	将鸟放走
I got lost in the forest.	我在树林里迷路了
They were not listening to music.	他们没在听音乐
Tom won.	汤姆胜利了
Am I in your way?	我碍著你了吗
Japan is smaller than Canada.	日本比加拿大小
Did you meet Tom?	你见过汤姆了吗
One million people lost their lives in the war.	100	万人在战争中失去了生命
That actually makes a lot of sense.	那个相当能说得通
Would you please turn off the TV?	请把电视机关掉好吗
We ran down the hill.	我们跑下山
Is she your mother?	她是你妈妈吗
The bucket was full of water.	这个桶装满了水
The doctor insisted that the patient get plenty of rest.	医生坚持病人获得充分的休息
There was an earthquake this morning.	今天早上发生了地震
I used to eat like a pig.	我曾经像猪一样吃
I have some pictures to show you.	我有一些照片给你看
The black telephone costs more than the white.	黑的电话比白的花钱多
Tom lived in a small fishing village.	汤姆住在一个小渔村
Everyone is special.	每个人都很特别
Up to now, how many books do you think you've read?	到目前为止
He's worried that he might be late.	他担心他可能会迟到
The bus was behind schedule.	公交车迟到了
I left the door open.	我让门开著
He explained how the accident came about.	他解释事故是怎么发生的
People who drink alcoholic beverages are not allowed to enter.	饮酒者不准禁入
Don't disappoint him.	别让他失望
Don't throw out this magazine. I haven't read it yet.	这本杂志不要扔
It's my duty to help you.	帮助你是我的责任
You'll soon get accustomed to this cold weather.	你很快就会习惯这种冷天气
A picture is worth a thousand words.	百闻不如一见
I was watching TV when the phone rang.	电话响的时候
I'm on the roof now.	我现在在屋顶上
He compared the copy with the original.	他比较了复印稿和原件
The sheet is on the bed.	床单在床上
Tom began to sing "Happy Birthday" and the entire restaurant joined in.	汤姆开始唱
Tom told Mary that it would probably snow all day.	汤姆告诉玛丽雪可能会下一整天
Please be quiet, everybody.	请大家都保持安静
I don't like her face.	我不喜欢她的脸
Mark the words that you cannot understand.	你不懂的词做个记号
I didn't sleep well last night.	我昨晚没睡好
He has no house to live in.	他没有房子住
Is it really possible?	真的是可能的吗
He was my student. Now he teaches my children.	他曾是我的学生
He left his parents when he was eight years old.	他八岁时离开了他的父母
She has blue eyes.	她有蓝色的眼睛
Your letter made me happy.	你的来信使我快乐
I know the problem.	我知道问题
The rain stopped us from being able to play tennis outside.	由于下雨
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do what we asked him to do.	汤姆说他做不成我们要他做的事
He is good at rugby.	他很擅长橄榄球
You have nice skin.	你的皮肤真好
There are fifty members in this club.	这个俱乐部里有
Wine is made from grapes.	葡萄酒是用葡萄做成的
When are you going home?	你什么时候回家
Her mother always accompanies her.	她母亲一直陪着她
There's enough time for a quick snack.	有足够的时间很快地吃一下点心
I'm pretty tall.	我相当高
I'm going to go tell Tom.	我要告诉汤姆
I will explain it to her.	我会跟她解释的
Tom walked out.	汤姆走了出去
I'm not very good at golf.	我不太擅长打高尔夫球
This factory manufactures electric stoves.	这家工厂生产电炉
You are free to go.	你可以走了
See you later.	再见
It is ten o'clock by my watch.	我的手表是十点钟了
Why do you think I'm thinking about you?	你为什么会认为我在想你
This is never going to end.	这将永远继续下去
I don't have that kind of time.	我可没有那闲空
Tom hit a triple.	汤姆击出三垒安打
Do you think that my work is easy?	你觉得我的工作简单吗
Watch out for thieves around here.	在这附近当心小偷
What do you call this insect in English?	这种昆虫在英语中叫什么
What's this?	那是什么
Do you think that he is equal to the task?	你认为他能够胜任这个任务吗
He studies contemporary literature.	他学习现代文学
You aren't afraid of ghosts, are you?	你不怕鬼
I'm studying computer science.	我在学习计算机科学
The clock gains five minutes a day.	那个钟每天都快了五分钟
I'm looking for my contact lens.	我在找我的隐形眼镜
Did I miss the party?	我错过派对了吗
Wonderful!	很棒
Tom is a good friend.	汤姆是个好朋友
Tom thinks I'm missing this great opportunity.	汤姆认为我要错过这大好机会了
May I see your driver's license, sir?	先生
When did you learn how to swim?	你什么时候学会游泳的
He lives alone.	他独自生活
Is Tom an actor?	汤姆是演员吗
I think we shouldn't allow Tom to do that.	我认为我们不应该允许汤姆去做
The man sold his soul to the devil.	这男人把他的灵魂卖给魔鬼
No security system is foolproof.	没有防傻的安全系统
Watch out!	当心
This novel is very difficult to understand.	这部小说很难读懂
I drive everywhere.	我去哪里都开车
I'm used to working all night.	我习惯整夜工作
Eat a live frog every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.	每天早上吃一只活青蛙
Come and see me whenever you like.	你随时都可以来看我
Tom likes tea better than coffee.	汤姆喜欢茶胜过咖啡
Let's go there.	咱去那吧
They told me that I would feel a little better if I took this medicine.	他们告诉我吃完这个药我就会觉得舒服一点
You've been deceived.	你被骗了
Learning English requires patience.	学英语需要耐性
Everyone knows I don't like Tom.	每个人都知道我不喜欢汤姆
May I speak to you a minute?	我可以和你讲一下话吗
Do you want something to eat?	你想吃点东西吗
Japanese history is my favorite subject.	日本历史是我最喜欢的科目
She hated him.	她恨他
I think we're ready.	我认为我们准备好了
We have no electricity.	我们没有电
Trouble began immediately.	麻烦说来就来
I'm a university student.	我是一名大学生
Did you notice anything strange?	你注意到奇怪的地方了吗
I'd like you to have an ultrasound.	我想让你接受超声检查
Everything's ready.	一切就绪
Why do you work?	你为什么工作
Turtles lay eggs.	海龟下蛋
I've got more books than I can read.	我拥有的书比我能读的书多
My father always speaks in a very loud voice.	我父亲总是说话很大声
It is not easy to master English.	要精通英语不容易
Let me get my violin.	让我拿一下我的小提琴
You are a bit fat.	你有点胖
I need a taxi.	我需要一辆出租车
She has broken the toaster again.	她再次弄坏了烤面包机
She refused to accept the money.	她拒绝接受这笔钱
My whole body is sore.	我全身酸痛
You are free to go home.	你随时可以回家
May I ask you some more questions?	我可以问你一些问题吗
Mary put some flowers in the vase.	玛丽把一些花放进了花瓶
This box is too bulky to carry.	这个箱子太笨重了无法携带
Most students come to school on foot.	大多数学生步行去学校
I'm sure of his success.	我肯定他会成功的
We got up at dawn to avoid a traffic jam.	我们黎明时起床以避开交通堵塞
There are times when I find you really interesting.	偶尔
I've seen that.	我见过
I feel like this isn't going to end well.	感觉这不会有个好结局
Please take more care in the future.	请你将来注意点
I don't need anything.	我什么都不需要
I like soccer.	我喜欢足球
I want to know where she went.	我想知道她去哪儿了
This is the tallest tower in Japan.	这是日本最高的塔
She goes to aerobics once a week.	她每星期去作一次健美操
There are some eggs in the box.	盒子里有一些蛋
Who will you vote for for president?	你选谁当总统
Do you know what compound words are?	你知道什么是复合词吗
I am not sure when he will come.	我不确定他什么时候来
She kept various kinds of pets.	她养各种不同的宠物
You're no singer.	你不是歌手
I don't know anything about his past.	我不知道任何有关他过去的事
I don't have enough time to eat.	我没有足够时间吃饭了
When does the next train leave?	下一班火车什么时候开
She is unable to cope with stress.	她无法应付压力
Could you put it in plain language?	您可以简单点儿说吗
I still don't know your name.	我到现在还是不知道你的名字
He is not as intelligent as his brother.	他没有他弟弟聪明
It's too long.	它太长了
Tom should've already discussed that with you.	汤姆应该已经跟你讨论过那事了
I didn't understand anything you just said.	你刚刚说的
Water is liquid. When it freezes, it becomes solid.	水是液体
Can anyone answer my question?	有人可以回答我的问题吗
That mountain is covered with snow.	这座山被雪所覆盖
What would you do if you had a million dollars?	你有
He isn't afraid of death.	他不怕死
He doesn't need to work.	他不需要工作
She eats nothing but vegetables.	她只吃蔬菜
Wait and see.	走著瞧
I've had enough of your excuses.	你给我的理由够多了
You should come back immediately.	你应该马上回来
Without the sun, there would be no life.	没有太阳就没有生命
The ambassador was recalled from Warsaw.	大使被从华沙召回
The lake is deepest at this spot.	这里是湖最深的地方
A detective arrived upon the scene of the crime.	一名警探到达了犯罪现场
Did you forget anything?	没有什么落下的吧
My father is suffering from a cold.	我父亲感冒了
I haven't seen you for a while.	我好一阵子没看到你了
There's no time for explanation.	没时间解释
Is it OK if I use your phone?	我能用你的电话吗
I walked to school.	我走路到学校
That woman is much older than I am.	那女人比我老很多
I've had enough of your lying.	我听够你的谎话了
He talks as if he were a teacher.	他说话就像一位老师
Read this book.	看这本书
Which do you like better, spring or fall?	春天和秋天
I have been to the barber's.	我去了理发店
I like to listen to the radio.	我喜欢听广播
The capital of Brazil is Brasilia.	巴西的首都是巴西利亚
Watch him and do what he does.	看著他并跟著他做
We've got to do something about this problem soon.	我们要快点处理这问题
He was unsure how he would get there, and when.	他不确定他怎么到那里
The war has not ended.	战争还没结束
She gave out a sigh of relief.	她松了一口气
Tom listened carefully.	汤姆仔细听
It's okay to take it easy sometimes.	有时可以放轻松一下
He flatly refused to let me in.	他断然地拒绝让我进去
The rumor proved to be true.	经过证实
You can tell us.	你能告诉我们
It was cold in the infirmary.	病房里很冷
Please sit down.	请坐一下
Tom wanted to know where he could buy turmeric.	汤姆想知道哪里能买到姜黄
How much does a kilogram of pineapples cost?	菠萝一公斤多少钱
Can't you move your stuff to the other room?	你不能把你的东西搬去另一个房间吗
Where did you get this?	这是你哪里拿的
Please tell me about your trip.	请告诉我有关你旅行的事
He is not as smart as his older brother.	他不像他的兄长那样聪明
I have received a letter from a friend.	我收到了朋友的一封信
There's no light without shade, and no shade without light.	不存在没有阴影的光明
He doesn't know how to swim.	他不会游泳
Everyone who knew him admired him.	每一个认识他的人都爱慕他
Please don't say that.	请不要这样说
Whose car is this?	这台汽车是谁的
Don't play in the road.	别在马路上玩
Do I have to go to the party?	我需要去派对吗
Who's that guy?	那家伙是谁
Tom is in danger.	汤姆有危险
She wanted to wash the dirty clothes.	她想洗脏衣服
I suddenly thought of my dead mother.	我忽然想起了我死去的妈妈
Tom came over to my house for dinner yesterday.	汤姆昨天来我家吃晚饭
We took strong measures to prevent it.	我们采取了强有力的预防措施
I dove into the river.	我跳进了河里
The lubrication system was poorly designed.	润滑系统设计得不好
The house was in flames.	房子着火了
Since he has ambitions, he works hard.	因为他有野心
I feel hopeful about the future.	我对未来感到有希望
I can't follow your logic.	我跟不上你的逻辑
Please spell your name.	请拼一下您的名字
You're not me.	你不是我
Please take your shoes off.	请脱掉你的鞋子
You're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time.	要是你老打游戏的话
He did not get up early.	他没有早起
How complex is it?	它有多复杂
Which tooth hurts?	哪颗牙痛
The bank is not open on Saturdays.	银行星期六不营业
Your name was mentioned.	您的名字被提到了
The mountain was covered with snow.	这座山被雪覆盖著
Life cannot exist without water.	水是生命的源泉
He lives by himself.	他独自生活
When I heard that song, it reminded me of my childhood.	我一听到那首歌
She greeted me with a smile.	她用一个微笑迎接了我
Cows provide us with milk.	奶牛为我们提供牛奶
This place has a mysterious atmosphere to it.	这个地方的气氛很神秘
Could you come up here?	你能来这里吗
I have a lot of friends living in Boston.	我有很多朋友住在波士顿
Talk is cheap.	说得简单
Tom wouldn't like it.	汤姆不会喜欢它
There is a knife missing.	少一把刀
They're all innocent children.	他们都是无辜的孩子
Are you looking for work?	你是在找工作吗
She can assess investments very accurately.	她能很准确地评估投资
Days are getting longer.	白天越来越长了
I think I've found the answer.	我想我找到答案了
I don't like that guy.	我不喜欢那家伙
What is the matter with you?	你到底怎么回事嘛
Tom seems to know how.	汤姆看来知道那是怎样
Do you study at a private school?	你在私立学校读书吗
A couple of flights were delayed on account of the earthquake.	一些航班由于地震被延误了
How large is your family?	你的家庭有多大
I try.	我试试
Didn't you notice?	你没注意到吗
Marriage frightens some people.	有些人害怕婚姻
After winning the Nobel prize, she remained as modest as ever.	获得诺贝尔奖后
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.	理论上说
This room is cramped.	这个房间很拥挤
Who's the girl in a yellow raincoat?	穿黄色雨衣的女孩是谁
She bought a toy for her child.	她买了一个玩具给她的孩子
I like your house.	我喜欢你的房子
Can't you stay a little longer?	你不能待久一点吗
I knew that something was wrong.	我知道有些事不对
You don't need to answer that letter.	没有必要回那封信
His grandmother looks healthy.	他祖母看起来很健康
He often quotes Milton.	他常引用米尔顿
He said it merely as a joke.	他这么说就是为了开玩笑
She hates carrots.	她讨厌胡萝卜
We've got to go.	我们必须走了
I wanted to smack you.	我想过扇你一巴掌
It's a secret.	它是个秘密
Give me that book.	把书给我
If you are not going to the concert, then neither am I.	如果你不去音乐会
It exploded with a loud noise.	它发出巨响爆炸了
Everything seems OK.	一切看上去正常
Tom is my older brother.	Tom	是我哥哥
He regrets what he did.	他对他所做的一切感到后悔
Tom knows that I used to live in Boston.	汤姆知道我在波士顿住过
The game will probably be called off.	这场比赛将可能被取消
The orange left a strange taste in my mouth.	橙子在我嘴里留下了一种奇怪的味道
Where's my apple juice?	我的苹果汁在哪
No matter how much I think about it, I can't understand it.	无论怎么去想我都搞不清楚
He prefers poetry to fiction.	比起小说
Is that the station?	那是车站吗
We're on strike because the company hasn't improved our wages.	我们罢工是因为公司没有改善我们的工资
After I cleaned the window, I could see through it clearly.	清洁窗户后
He lives just around the corner.	他就住在拐角的地方
Tom isn't used to walking barefooted.	汤姆不习惯赤脚漫步
She managed to drive a car.	她成功地开车了
Tom is the tallest in his family.	汤姆是他家里最高的
I'm just a plain old office worker.	我只是一个普通的老式上班族
She wants to attend the party.	她想参加这个派对
This school was founded in 1650.	这所学校建于
Tom couldn't remember what he had done.	汤姆不记得他干过的事
Would you like to eat something?	您想吃点什么吗
How far do you want to go?	你要走多远
If you don't know the way, ask a policeman.	要是不知道路的话去问警察吧
Environmental pollution is causing abnormal weather conditions.	环境污染正造成异常的天气情况
He always keeps his word.	他总是遵守诺言
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.	一鸟在手胜过二鸟在林
Today is my birthday.	今天是我的生日
She told me once and for all that she did not want to see me again.	她一劳永逸地告诉我
The plane is arriving.	飞机快来了
Please have someone else do it.	请让别人去做
He returned from abroad yesterday.	他昨天从国外回来
The poor young man finally became a great artist.	这个穷小子最后成为了一个了不起的艺术家
You need a vacation.	你需要个假期
Let him in.	让他进来
Mt. Fuji is Japan's tallest mountain.	富士山是日本最高的山
I caused him a lot of trouble.	我给他带来了很多麻烦
She likes walking alone.	她喜欢独自散步
We have some decisions to make.	我们要做些决定
Excuse me, may I open the window?	不好意思
She got sick this weekend.	她周末病倒了
Get rid of her.	把她干掉了
This time, it's different.	这次不一样
Tom can't get his car started.	汤姆没法发动他的车
I live in this area.	我住在这区
His modesty is worth respecting.	他的谦逊值得尊敬
Close your mouth.	闭上你的嘴
This dog eats almost anything.	这只狗几乎吃任何东西
Thank you for inviting me.	谢谢你邀请我
I hope to retire from work when I'm 60 years old.	我希望在六十岁时退休
I'm not lazy.	我不懒
His daughter is a nurse.	他的女儿是护士
We don't do it very often.	我们不常做
She succeeded in getting him to tell the truth.	她成功地从他口中得知了真相
My home is separated from his by a river.	我的家与他的隔着一条江
You aren't coming, are you?	你不会来
My family goes skiing every winter.	我的家人每年冬天去滑雪
Tom has come up with a good plan.	汤姆想到了个好计划
Don't leave your work half finished.	别留着一半工作没干
The lion is the king of the beasts.	狮子是万兽之王
The world doesn't revolve around you.	世界不是围着你转的
I asked for my father's help.	我请我父亲帮忙
Can you drive a manual transmission?	你会开手排车吗
I know her address.	我知道她的地址
I think I've found something of yours.	我认为我找到一些你的东西了
Classes begin next week.	课程下周开始
Are you able to prove it?	你能证明吗
I'm interested in palm reading.	我对掌上阅读很感兴趣
We'll have to do that, too.	我们也不得不做
That's what I think, too.	我也是这么想的
I have just finished my homework.	我刚刚完成我的作业
Take the elevator to the fifth floor.	搭乘电梯到五楼
I've made some coffee for us.	我给我们煮了些咖啡
Tom demanded an explanation.	汤姆要求有人解释
Did you give Tom the key?	你把钥匙给汤姆了吗
He has never been late for school.	他从来没有上学迟到
Have you tried the rice?	你尝过米饭了吗
Can we save the planet?	我们能拯救这颗星球吗
My son believes in Santa Claus.	我儿子相信圣诞老人
Is this the bus for Park Ridge?	这是去帕克里奇的巴士
Learning a foreign language is difficult.	学习外语是困难的
I want to go to a foreign country someday.	将来我要去国外旅游
I was taking a bath when the telephone rang.	在我洗澡的时候
I am off today.	我今天休息
Does it hurt a lot?	很痛吗
She may not come here tomorrow.	她明天可能不会来这里
The police broke up the fight.	警察驱散了这场斗殴
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.	任何情绪
I don't like your friends.	我不喜欢你朋友
Tom said he thought he should study French.	汤姆说他认为他该学法语
Tom has been struck by lightning three times.	汤姆被闪电击中过三次
They have jobs.	他们有工作
He has all kinds of books.	他有各种各样的书
You can't park around here.	你不能在这附近停车
The room is full of people.	屋里挤满了人
Don't underestimate me.	你可别低估我
They say you shouldn't take rumors seriously, but that's easier said than done.	人们常说不要乱相信谣言
No matter what happens, I won't change my mind.	无论发生什么我都不会改主意的
Armenia is a mountainous country.	亚美尼亚是一个多山的国家
I am not happy.	我不高兴
Perhaps it'll rain in the afternoon.	也许下午会下雨
Are you satisfied now?	你高兴了吗
I'll do anything.	我会做任何事
The medicine worked marvels.	这药创造了奇迹
He advised her to stop drinking.	他建议她戒酒
I have to lose weight.	我必须要减肥了
Tom's a beginner, but he catches on fast.	汤姆是个初学者
I'm too busy to go.	我太忙了不能去
No problem.	没事
Who is next?	下一个是谁
Tom didn't have enough money to pay the rent.	汤姆没有足够的钱付租金
Was that what Tom said?	那就是汤姆说的吗
What should I bring?	我该带些什么
His daughter has become a pretty woman.	他的女儿已经成为了一个漂亮的女人
Is that a bat?	那是只蝙蝠吗
I'm old enough to support myself.	我年纪够大可以养活我自己
He is doing very well at school.	他在学校的表现很好
Have a look.	请看一看
I bought it for ten dollars.	我花
I'm asking you what you think.	我问你你在想什么
He's my new friend.	他是我新交的朋友
What are you talking about?	你说的是什么
Almost everyone in our village is related to one another.	我们村里所有的村民几乎彼此都是亲戚
What do you think about this?	你怎么看待这件事
She's worried about your safety.	她担心你的安全
I bought a pen, but I lost it.	我买了一支钢笔
Let me know if you need any help.	你需要帮助就告诉我
Do you have your student identification card?	你有学生证吗
I'm very busy this week.	这周我非常忙
She decorated her room with roses.	她用玫瑰花装饰了她的房间
I enjoy running.	我喜欢跑步
There's an alley behind my house.	我家后面有条胡同
Cross out the incorrect words.	把错误的单词划掉
The river's on the other side of the hill.	河在山丘的另一端
Let's go and swim in the river.	让我们去河里游泳吧
Tom is used to cooking on a campfire.	汤姆习惯用营火做菜
You don't need a gun.	你不需要枪
Her father died when she was three.	她父亲在她三岁时死了
Have you ever shaved your legs?	你剃过腿毛吗
My plans failed one after the other.	我的计划一个接一个的失败了
You gain nothing by speaking ill of others.	通过诋毁别人
Your answer is wrong.	你的回答是错的
Many of the user reviews on Amazon are fake.	亚马逊网站上的许多用户评论都是虚假的
Tom and I are in the same class.	汤姆和我在同一个班里
One after another, the animals died.	动物一个接一个的死亡
Tom was the only boy in the entire class.	汤姆是班里唯一的男生
There were few people on the beach.	沙滩上的人非常少
Have you and Tom talked about what happened?	你跟汤姆谈过发生了什么吗
In a way you're right, but I still have doubts.	在某种程度上你是对的
She was in a hurry to see her father.	她急于见她的父亲
Do you like English?	你喜欢英语吗
I'm bad at sports.	我不擅长运动
I feel as if I've woken up from a nightmare.	我觉得我好像从恶梦中惊醒
Tom goes to school on foot.	汤姆走路去上学
I thank you with all my heart.	我衷心感谢您
Please keep this secret.	请保守这个秘密
Would you like some more tea?	您想再来点茶吗
I'm cool.	我很酷
Is there a service charge for that?	要收服务费吗
Tom is a good friend of Mary's.	汤姆是玛丽的一个好朋友
Why don't you take a break?	为什么你不休息一下
I'm not used to speaking in public.	我不习惯在公众场合说话
Everybody was surprised.	所有人都很吃惊
I prefer cats to dogs.	较之于狗
As for me, I have no objection.	对于我
Let's wait till he comes back.	等到他回来吧
Sometimes I have to read boring novels.	有时候
I am your father.	我是你爸爸
He was sitting between Mary and Tom.	他坐在玛丽和汤姆之间
You look tired. You ought to rest for an hour or two.	你看起来很累
This stone is too heavy to lift.	这块石头太重了无法抬起来
I don't think that she will come.	我不认为她会来
I wrote the wrong address on the envelope.	我在信封上写错了地址
She walked very carefully.	她小心翼翼地走
His bag is right here, so he cannot have gone to school yet.	他的包就在这儿
He had an accident at work.	他在工作中出了意外
I want Tom to let Mary finish.	我希望汤姆让玛丽完成
Permit me to do that for you.	请允许我为你做
Their goods are of the highest quality.	他们的货品有着最高的品质
My sister has made remarkable progress in English.	我妹妹的英语有了明显的进步
This is my wife.	这是我的妻子
Hug Tom.	抱抱汤姆
She was sitting under a tree.	她在一棵树下坐着
It's a good question.	它是一个很好的问题
Can I make a reservation for golf?	我能预定一下打高尔夫球吗
The school is located within five minutes' walk of the station.	学校坐落于距离车站步行五分钟的地方
I've never been to my uncle's house.	我没去过我叔叔的房子
How often do you buy flowers?	你多久买一次花
Some diseases are caused by a defective gene.	一些疾病的产生原因是基因缺陷
I will buy a new car next month.	我下个月买辆新车
He plays the violin very well.	他小提琴拉得很好
He gave his children a good education.	他给了他的孩子们良好的教育
I am always at home on Sundays.	我星期日总是在家
I wonder if they'll get divorced.	我不知道他们是否会离婚
I agreed to the proposal.	我同意这项建议
I'm going to learn French.	我要学法语
Who else uses this room?	还有谁用这个房间
I didn't mean to do that.	我不是故意那样做
Tom promised that he'd come, but he didn't.	汤姆答应会来
Tom is testing me.	汤姆在试探我
Unbelievable!	难以置信
I want to see your mother.	我想看看你的母亲
It's rude to stare at someone.	盯著别人看是不礼貌的
I nearly left my umbrella on the train.	我几乎把我的雨伞忘在火车上
Tom doesn't understand what Mary is trying to say.	汤姆不理解玛丽想说什么
Try to make the most of your time.	尽量试着用好你的时间
How tall are your parents?	你的父母有多高
I don't want to get a suntan.	我不想晒黑
What did you want to do?	你以前想做什么
We watch TV every day.	我们每天看电视
Do you know why it's happening?	你知道它为什么会发生吗
Tom sits in front of his computer eight hours a day.	汤姆每天都花八个小时看电脑
May I eat something?	我可以吃点什么吗
They sank ten enemy ships.	他们使
A baseball came flying through the window.	一颗棒球从窗外飞了进来
I've lost my new fountain pen.	我把我的新钢笔搞丢了
Wet clothes stick to your skin.	湿衣服贴著你的皮肤
I can't find my glasses.	我的眼镜不见了
We saw the children enter the room.	我们看到了孩子们进入这个房间
Don't let anyone press this button.	别让任何人按这个按钮
We loaded a lot of luggage into the car.	我们往车里装了很多行李
I'm waiting for him.	我在等他
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan.	虽然她在日本被抚养长大
The cook prepares different dishes every day.	厨师每天准备不同的菜
Tom asked me stay behind.	汤姆让我留下
These are the new ones.	这些是新的
If you enjoy the work you do, you have something worth more than money.	如果你喜欢你做的工作
The cake is delicious.	蛋糕很美味
I can't stand this pain.	我无法忍受这个痛苦
None of my friends drink coffee.	我的朋友都不喝咖啡
He took part in the Olympic Games.	他参加了奥运会
We have to do a great deal of reading.	我们要读很多书
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.	他似乎不知道我父亲和我之间的纠葛
Almost all the work is done now.	几乎所有的工作都完成了
I'm in absolutely total agreement.	我完全同意
I want to have a cup of coffee.	我要一杯咖啡
I'm proud of you.	我以你为荣
I wish I were a little taller.	但愿我长高一点
Please fill this bucket with water.	请把这个桶子装满水
I don't believe in luck.	我不相信幸运
Please send me your picture.	请把您的照片发给我
I am tired of reading.	我读书读腻了
Write your goals down.	把你的目标写下来
Tom's name was on the list.	汤姆的名字在名单上
Am I supposed to help Tom?	我该帮汤姆吗
The conference is to be held in Tokyo the day after tomorrow.	会议将在后天于东京举行
I'll call you.	我会打电话给你
Do you know each other?	你们认识吗
Do you like to watch movies?	你喜欢看电影吗
Keep to the left when driving.	车辆靠左行驶
He became a famous singer.	他成为了著名的歌手
She refused to do what they wanted.	她拒绝做他们想要的事
We couldn't keep from crying.	我们止不住哭泣
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.	格雷厄姆葛林是我最喜欢的作家之一
Our refrigerator is out of order.	我们的冰箱坏了
In case of fire, ring the bell.	万一发生火灾
I don't like this.	我不喜欢
I'll ask Tom to wait.	我会请
It's not my fault.	不是我的错
You'll never see that again.	你以后再也不会看到它了
I want to study math.	我想学数学
Why do you want to die?	你为什么想死
Long time, no see.	真是好久不见啊
Tom likes me the most.	Tom	最喜欢我
Take care of yourself.	照顾好自己
Tom is older than me.	汤姆年纪比我大
She didn't like her husband.	她不喜欢她的丈夫
He is a screwball.	他是一个怪人
Tom won't be late, will he?	汤姆不会迟到吧
Tom blushed.	汤姆脸红了
Excuse me, do you speak English?	对不起
He got injured in a traffic accident.	他在一场交通意外中受了伤
You gave me the wrong change.	你找错了零钱给我
I didn't know that you were watching something.	我不知道你在看东西
We have no reason to be ashamed.	我们没理由害臊
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	她给他写了一封长信
I'm proud of the work I've done here.	我为我在这里完成的工作自豪
You look tired. You should rest a little.	你看起来累了
Tom knows that I want to leave as soon as possible.	汤姆知道我想尽早离开
I heard her singing in her room.	我听到她在她的房间里唱歌
Whose car is this?	这辆汽车是谁的
I played soccer yesterday.	我昨天踢了足球
He is richer than anyone else in this town.	他比镇里的其他人都有钱
I'm not very athletic.	我不太擅长运动
I'll fight to the death.	我会战斗至死
I want to finish the work on my own.	我想要独立完成工作
Do you want to come along?	你想不想一起去
Why should anyone be surprised?	为什么任何人应该感到惊喜
How long did you live there?	你住在那里多久了
One is new, and the other is old.	一个是新的
I've got blisters on my feet.	我的脚起水泡了
I bought a watch.	我买了一只手表
Please keep me informed.	请通知我
I didn't like it.	我没有喜欢过
Would you like to go?	你想去吗
It seemed to be cheap.	似乎很便宜
When the cat is away, the mice will play.	山上无老虎
Many parents think it's important for their children to eat before 8:00 p.m.	许多父母认为让自己的子女在下午八点前吃完饭是很重要的
We adopted a child.	我们收养了一个孩子
They looked up to him as their leader.	他们把他奉为领袖
Let's play baseball!	我们去打棒球吧
This flower gives off a strong fragrance.	这朵花散发出强烈的香味
Do you have any friends?	你有朋友吗
He is afraid of snakes.	他害怕蛇
He should have been more careful.	他本应该更小心的
We found the beds quite comfortable.	我们发现这些床很舒服
I have mixed feelings about this.	我对这件事百感交集
Three people were killed in the explosion.	这场爆炸中有三人丧生
What time do you start work?	你什么时候开始工作
Are you afraid of Tom?	你会怕
So, what'll you give me?	那你会给我什么
The sky is clear.	天空很晴朗
She made cookies for the children.	她给孩子们做了曲奇
What's in the closet?	橱柜里有什么
She is a real beauty.	她是一位真正的美人
Are you Tom's mother?	你是汤姆的母亲吗
My little brother ran through the living room stark naked.	我弟弟全身光溜溜地跑过客厅
Get Tom.	找到汤姆
When I awoke, it was snowing.	当我醒来时
He has a round face.	他有一张圆脸
She's my type.	她是我的菜
Close the door, please.	请关上门
Spring is the best season to visit Kyoto.	春天是访问京都最好的季节
Do you have any friends who are doctors?	你有朋友是医生吗
The sky is full of dark clouds.	天空乌云密布
If you don't go, I won't, either.	如果你不去
Tom taught me many things.	汤姆教了我很多东西
They decided to get married next month.	他们决定在下个月结婚
I went for a walk after breakfast.	早餐后我去散步了
She is watering the flowers.	她正在浇花
Tom thinks Mary may have an eating disorder.	汤姆认为玛丽可能有进食障碍
I told her not to let go of the rope, but she did.	我叫她不要松开绳子
Tom isn't wrong.	汤姆没有错
This fish is not edible.	这条鱼不能吃了
Tom broke up with Mary.	汤姆和玛丽分手了
Tom won't let you in his house.	汤姆不会让你进他的屋子
I can't do anything.	我不会做任何事
Tom encouraged his son to study French.	汤姆鼓励他儿子学法语
All the boys in class worked hard.	课堂上所有的男生都很用功
Can you forgive me?	可以原谅我吗
I have a little money.	我有一些钱
What happened to him?	他发生了什么事
If we'd arrived ten minutes earlier, we would've made it onto the plane.	要是我们早十分钟到的话
My father died of a subarachnoid hemorrhage when I was fourteen.	我十四岁的时候
What did you do to make Tom cry?	你做了甚么事把汤姆惹哭了
I thought that I was dreaming.	我还以为我在做梦呢
May we swim here?	我们能在这里游泳吗
He caught hold of the rope.	他抓住了绳子
Would you please lend me some money?	你能借我些钱吗
She will return home next Sunday, that is, the tenth.	她下周日回家
I'm fed up with English.	我厌倦了英语
Put on your shoes. Let's go out for dinner.	穿上你的鞋
He's a little like his father.	他有点像他的父亲
What do you think of Japan's economy?	您怎样看日本的经济呢
Please get me a ticket.	请给我取一张票
It is going to rain soon.	天快要下雨了
Let's see what's in the box.	看看我会在盒子里找到什么
He is married with two children.	他已婚并育有两个孩子
You have a good job.	你有一份好工作
Why don't we stop arguing over these piddling matters and get to the issues at hand?	为什么我们不停止纠缠细枝末节而进入正题呢
Our teacher likes his new car.	我们的老师喜欢他的新车
The moonlight is beautiful.	月光真美
Rome wasn't built in a day.	罗马不是一天建成的
That's my aim.	这是我的目的
I'm sorry, but I can't hear you well.	对不起
Let me carry your suitcase.	让我来拿你的行李
Do you want to be rich?	你想致富吗
Can I have something to eat?	我能些吃的东西吗
Have any letters arrived for me?	到的有我的信吗
She married a rich old man.	她嫁给了一个富有的老男人
They made him sign the contract.	他们让他签约了
I don't approve your decision.	我不同意你的决定
She is everything to him.	她是他的一切
You're an idiot.	你个呆瓜
Our school is near the station.	我们学校在车站的附近
We're also out of eggs.	鸡蛋也卖完了
He is no fool.	他不是傻子
English is a very important language in today's world.	英语是当今世界上一种非常重要的语言
She must be over eighty.	她肯定超过
Tom is out of the country.	汤姆在国外
You look very dignified.	你看起来很威严
What a pity!	太可惜了
Everybody knows that.	那件事谁都知道
She insisted that it was my fault.	她坚持认为那是我的错
I can't put up with that noise any longer.	我无法再忍受那噪音了
That's not a real diamond, is it?	那不是一颗真正的钻石
Why should I take the time to do that?	我凭什么花时间做这事
I got a lot of mosquito bites.	我被很多的蚊子叮了
Do you know how to speak English?	你知道怎么说英语吗
Tom has forgotten how to do that.	汤姆忘了怎么做
I thought Tom would be worried.	我以为汤姆会感到担心
We have to do our best.	我们应该做到最好
Can you imagine walking around on the moon?	你可以想象在月球上行走吗
We're going to paint the wall.	我们准备刷墙
Have you seen a brown wallet around here?	你在附近看见过一只咖啡色的钱包吗
I can't believe you're giving up.	我不能相信你要放弃
I plan on going there.	我打算去那里
My father will kill me.	我爸会杀了我的
The train was delayed because of heavy snowfall.	火车因大雪被耽搁了
The robot went out of control.	这个机器人失控了
I am a student of this school.	我是这个学校的学生
"We haven't seen each other since 2009." "Has it been that long?"	“	我们从
Good morning.	早上好
She usually gets up early.	她通常很早起床
I often go downtown on Sunday.	我常常星期日去市中心
I think you're jealous.	我觉得你妒忌了
They are much taller than us.	他们比我们高得多
I was out of town on vacation.	我出城度假了
I need to go to the toilet.	我要去厕所
She showed us a beautiful hat.	她给我们看了一顶漂亮的帽子
Even with all his wealth and fame, he's unhappy.	尽管有金钱和名誉
Did they buy the juice?	他们有买果汁吗
I'm sorry.	对不起
Good evening.	晚上好
No matter how hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.	无论我多么努力尝试
His dress is that of a gentleman, but his speech and behavior are those of a clown.	他衣着像个绅士
Research on the causes of cancer is very expensive.	有关癌症成因的研究耗费颇巨
Tom didn't understand what the teacher said.	汤姆没明白老师说了什么
Would you lend me your knife?	你可以借我你的刀吗
What're you eating?	在吃什么呢
You are a good person.	你是一个好人
The door is locked at nine o'clock.	这个门在九点钟的时候是锁著的
Anyway, you'll never know.	不管怎样
There is no school during August.	8	月份没课
I'd better go home.	我回家比较好
Now it's time for the weather forecast.	现在是天气预报的时间
Tom doesn't have to help me anymore.	汤姆不必帮我
There wasn't a cloud in the sky.	天上没有一片云
Dogs have a keen sense of smell.	狗的嗅觉灵敏
Be careful what you say.	注意言行
I'm not going to say this twice.	我不会再说了
Tom and Mary have a lot in common.	汤姆和玛丽有很多共同点
That's the computer on which he writes his articles.	那就是那台他用来写文章的电脑
Call me if you need anything.	需要什么就给我打电话
Is there anybody who can drive a car?	有人会开车吗
He told his son an interesting story.	他给他儿子讲了一个有趣的故事
Quit talking, will you?	不要说话
I can't help feeling sorry for him.	我不禁为他感到难过
We're ready to leave.	我们准备离开
What were you doing at that time?	当时你在做什么
It's time to go to bed.	睡觉时间到了
When I first came back to Boston, I was really lonely.	当我第一次回波士顿时
Man is the only animal that can make use of fire.	人是唯一会使用火的动物
I am 30 years old now.	我现在
My zipper got stuck.	我的拉链卡住了
With just a little more effort, he would have succeeded.	如果他再努力一点
Take off your socks, please.	请脱下你的袜子
Tom will never see you again.	汤姆再也不会见你了
Whether you succeed or not depends on your own efforts.	你成功与否取决于你自身的努力
He played tennis all day long.	他整天打网球
Here's the bill.	这是账单
Tom was too afraid to do anything.	Tom	太胆小了以至于做不了任何事
Where is the accent on the word 'Australia?'	“Australia”	这个词的重音要放在哪
Think before you act.	三思而后行
He is no fool.	他没疯
Back off!	往后退点
A few days later, we left Boston.	过了几天
If it had not been for your help, I couldn't have completed the work.	如果不是因为有你的帮助
Which country are you from?	你是从哪个国家来的
Unfortunately, it's true.	可惜这是真的
I'm vegetarian.	我是素食主义者
She gave up everything for her children.	为了孩子们她放弃了一切
Is the door open?	门开著吗
We had a very good time last night.	我们昨晚过得非常开心
How many of you are there?	你们是几位
The plane crash was only last week.	上个星期这架飞机坠毁了
Well done!	做得好
Don't you like my yellow scarf?	你不喜欢我的黄围巾吗
Answer me.	回答我
I'm fine now.	已经没事了
It's the right thing to do.	这是正确的事情
You should put your coat on.	你应该把大衣穿上
Well done!	干的好
Look, it's my problem.	听我说
You are irresistible.	你是不可抗拒的
I won't make that mistake again.	我不会再犯那错了
I wanted to earn some money, so I worked part time three days a week.	我想挣点钱
You're bound to fail.	你注定失败
The book was published in 1689.	这本书出版于
How long will we have to wait?	我们要等多久
We cannot overestimate the value of health.	我们不能高估健康的价值
Tom lit his cigar.	汤姆点了雪茄
I have already finished reading this book.	我已经读完了这本书
He has been to many places.	他去过很多地方
She must still be in her twenties.	她一定还只是二十几岁
I feel very sorry for your sister.	我对你姐姐感到非常抱歉
We ordered too much food.	我们点了太多的食物
My brother is very important. At least he thinks he is.	我弟弟是个很重要的人物
I want a book.	我想要本书
I majored in philosophy in college.	我在大学主修哲学
The library is in the middle of the city.	图书馆位于城市中心
They are talking about music.	他们在谈音乐
I need a Japanese-English dictionary.	我需要一本日英字典
The nail tore his jacket.	这个钉子撕破了他的夹克
Dear Santa, I want a girlfriend for Christmas.	圣诞老人
Nobody can avoid death.	没人能逃避死亡
Give me your telephone number.	给我你的电话号码
He objected to his wife working outside.	他反对妻子在外工作
Have your goals changed?	你们的目标变了吗
This is my fault.	这是我的错
Are you sure about this?	对此你确定吗
A football team consists of eleven players.	一个足球队由十一个球员组成
Some people like summer, and others like winter.	有人喜欢夏天
When the lights went out, Tom lit a candle.	灯灭了
I went fishing last Monday.	上个周一我去钓鱼了
May I run with you?	我可以跟你一起跑吗
This might not be a genuine diamond.	这可能不是一颗真的钻石
Tom was an architect.	汤姆是建筑师
Your friend's very late, isn't he?	你的朋友来得很晚
You're dumb.	你很愚蠢
Do you really want me to go there right now?	你真想让我马上到那里去吗
We like music.	我们喜欢音乐
Never have I seen such a beautiful sunset.	我从没见过那么壮丽的日落景色
Tom asked Mary who her boyfriend was.	汤姆问玛丽她的男朋友是谁
I know you still miss me.	我知道你还是想我的
I haven't finished breakfast yet.	我还没吃完早饭
We stayed with them all through the summer.	我们整个夏天都和他们待在一起
Almost nobody thinks we're sisters.	几乎没有人认为我们是姐妹
There's no beer here.	这里没有啤酒
Tom is in the hospital waiting room.	汤姆在医院的等候室
It's so early.	太早了
I don't really like him, in fact, I hate him.	我不太喜欢他
Sorry to be late.	对不起我来晚了
You can take your time.	你可以慢慢来
I can't distinguish a frog from a toad.	我无法区分青蛙和蟾蜍
It was a warm day.	天气暖和
It isn't something anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
Don't run risks.	不要冒险
In the end, we ended up eating at that shabby restaurant.	结果
He was in good spirits.	他精神很好
I suppose I'd better phone Tom.	我想我给汤姆打电话比较好
Tom didn't tell me her name.	汤姆没有告诉我她的名字
There was nothing I could do at that time.	当时我什么都不能做
I will provide you all the necessary information.	我会把所有有用的信息给你的
How much is the late fee?	滞纳金是多少
I don't want to hear your theories.	我不想听你的理论
We're having a party tomorrow night.	明天晚上我们有一个派对
What are we having for supper?	晚饭我们吃什么
The date of the festival coincides with that of the exam.	节日和考试碰巧在同一天
My sister usually walks to school.	我姊姊通常走路上学
I miss you. I need to see you. Could I come over?	我想你
I want to talk to your uncle.	我想和你的舅舅谈一谈
I don't think we can wait any longer.	我认为我们不能再等了
There was nothing left in the fridge.	冰箱里什么都没剩下
I saw an old woman cross the street.	我看见一个老太太穿过了马路
His patience is worn out.	他的耐心已经到了极限
I'm a little confused.	我有一点困惑了
The rope broke under the strain.	绳子被拉断了
This is smaller than that.	这个比那个更小
The firemen soon put out the fire.	消防队员很快就把火扑灭了
Come on! Give me a chance.	来嘛
Tom didn't write Mary back.	汤姆没回复玛丽
This train stops at every station.	这班火车每站都停
He doesn't live there anymore.	他不再住在这里了
He was forced to work overtime.	他被迫加班
We just need a plan.	我们只是需要个计划
He majors in English literature.	他主修英国文学
Mary can speak Japanese.	玛丽会讲日语
We celebrate Christmas every year.	我们每年都庆祝圣诞节
I'm sure I can find something for you to do.	我确定我能找点给你做的事
It looks like an egg.	这看上去像个蛋
I left my umbrella in the cab.	我把我的伞忘在计程车上了
I believe in love.	我相信爱情
Are you friends?	你们是朋友吗
I'm a student.	我是个学生
Your breath smells.	你有口臭
I like to listen to the radio.	我喜欢听收音机
He likes geography and history.	他喜欢地理和历史
You can't do anything about that.	你什么也做不了
Try and do better next time.	尝试在下一次做得更好
Tom was able to make himself understood in French when he visited Paris.	在巴黎
In those days, a cup of coffee cost 200 yen.	那时候一杯咖啡要
How long have you two been together?	你们两个在一起多久了
I don't have an ear for music.	我不懂音乐
The bill was passed after a hard fight in the House.	该法案在众议院争议后获得通过
She backed her car into the garage.	她倒车进车库
Do you have something to say?	您有什么事要说吗
My father's going to kill me.	我爸会杀了我的
My apartment is on the fourth floor.	我的公寓在四楼
I'll definitely vote for Tom.	我一定要给汤姆投票
She's popular, not because she's beautiful, but because she's kind to everyone.	她受欢迎不是因为她的美丽
Tom loves doing this.	汤姆喜欢做这事
That red sweater looks good on you.	你穿那件红色的毛衣好看
Nobody wants that.	这个没人要
When you've finished reading this letter, burn it.	看完这封信请把它烧掉
I happened to find the camera I'd lost.	我无意间找到从前弄丢的相机
Life in Japan is expensive.	在日本生活消费很高
She lives next door to him.	她住在他的隔壁
I can take care of myself.	我可以照顾自己
The movie's about to start.	电影快要开演了
We must take into account the fact that he is young.	我们必须考虑到他很年轻
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.	水在摄氏
How much does this pen cost?	这支钢笔要多少钱
You can't have your cake and eat it, too.	既要马好
I'm not as optimistic as you are.	我没有你那么乐观
I remember now.	现在我想起来了
What's wrong? You don't look too happy.	怎么了
He is learning how to drive a car.	他正在学怎么开车
She plays tennis in the morning.	她早上打网球
Do you want to eat out tonight?	你今晚想出去吃吗
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.	相比二十年前的日本
Tom has very broad shoulders.	汤姆肩膀很宽
We have two daughters.	我们有两个女儿
I would do anything for Tom.	我会为汤姆做任何事
It seems less crowded during the week.	平日似乎比较不拥挤
I'm not afraid of dying.	我不怕死
He is something of a scholar.	他有几分像学者
I have a dim memory of my grandmother.	我对祖母的记忆很模糊
The victim died at a hospital in Boston.	受害者在医院里死去了
Your cake is delicious.	您的蛋糕很美味
He's had many unhappy experiences.	他有许多不愉快的经历
I can't believe your parents let you come here by yourself.	我不敢相信你父母让你自己过来
Tom finally gave up smoking.	汤姆终于戒烟了
I can't undo it.	我不能取消它
I wanted to surprise her.	我想给她一个惊喜
The weather is unusually cold.	天气非常寒冷
It's as cold as ice.	它冷得像冰一样
Where's the nearest station?	最近的车站在哪里
I really have to go.	我真的得走了
May I try it on?	我能试一下吗
I'm going out this afternoon.	今天下午我会外出
This may take a while.	这要花时间
A day without laughter is a day wasted.	没有笑声的一天肯定是最为虚度的一天
How long will this rope hold?	这条绳子能撑多久
He's studying.	他在读书
The old man is blind in one eye.	这名老人一只眼盲了
He is good at baseball.	他垒球打得很好
That was the best day of my life.	那是我生命中最美的一天
I swear I'll never do such a thing.	我发誓我不会做这种事
How about going to the movies?	我们去电影院怎么样
Here's how we do it.	以下是我们怎么做的
You work hard.	你工作努力
She is always at the bottom of the class.	她总是在班上拿倒数第一
Can I use your dictionary for a minute?	我能用一下你的字典吗
I'm seeing her this evening.	我打算今晚和她约会
I don't know what you mean.	我不懂你什么意思
They must be waiting for you.	他们一定在等你
Don't hesitate to ask questions.	尽管提问
She looked out of the window.	她看了窗外
I've put all of my energy into this plan.	我在这项计划上投入了所有精力
Our classroom is very small.	我们的教室非常小
I played tennis in high school.	我高中时曾打网球
He lived abroad for many years.	他居住在国外多年
The moon is already out.	月亮已经出来了
He's always complaining.	他总是在抱怨
I've never seen Tom so angry.	我从没见过汤姆那么生气
Where is your brother?	你的哥哥在哪里
I still don't understand what's happening.	我还是不明白出了什么事
Exercise is good for your health.	做运动有利于健康
Zip your lips.	闭上你的嘴
You're not as smart as me.	你没有我聪明
I haven't eaten anything for days.	我好多天没吃东西了
It really works.	真的有用
Thousands of candles illuminated the church during the ceremony.	数以千计的蜡烛点亮了仪式中的教堂
What language is spoken in America?	在美国的人说什么语言
He solved the difficult problem.	他解决了难题
We saw a funny movie last Sunday.	我们上星期天看了一场很有趣的电影
I took a cab to the station.	我搭了计程车到车站
Don't ramble.	不要东拉西扯
Tom is older than I am.	汤姆年纪比我大
This flower is the most beautiful of all flowers.	这朵花是所有花中最漂亮的
How's the weather there?	那里的天气怎么样
He just arrived.	他刚到
He was watching TV last night.	他昨晚在看电视
Tom is drinking apple juice.	Tom	正在喝苹果汁
His story can't be true.	他的故事不可能是真的
This is your only chance.	这是你唯一的机会
I guess you're right.	我猜你是对的
I'd like to join your group.	我想加入你们的团队
I used a knife to cut the cake.	我是用刀切蛋糕的
Both my parents are at home now.	我父母现在都在家
They'd have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.	车子若是掉落悬崖他们早就没命了
This beach is a paradise for surfers.	这个海滩是冲浪者的天堂
Tom isn't a hero.	汤姆不是英雄
All aboard!	请上船
I gave Tom three cookies.	我给了汤姆三块饼干
He likes sleeping.	他喜欢睡觉
The boy doesn't know how to behave.	这个男孩不懂礼貌
My father takes a walk every day.	我父亲每天散步
It's raining.	下雨了
Will six o'clock suit you?	六点您行吗
She twisted her ankle while she was doing exercise.	她锻炼时扭伤了脚踝
What have you done with my pen? It was here a minute ago.	你把我的钢笔怎么了
How long has it been going on?	那持续了多久了
There goes our bus.	我们的车走了
She writes beautifully.	她的笔迹漂亮极了
Tom is happy here.	汤姆在这里很高兴
How weird!	多怪啊
Wait for me.	等等我
My mother gets up early every morning.	我妈妈每天早上早起
Japan imports various raw materials from abroad.	日本从国外进口各种原料
Do you have one?	你有吗
How cute!	多可爱啊
He gets tired easily.	他很容易觉得累
I have a friend waiting for me in front of the library.	在图书馆前有朋友在等我
I'm just writing a letter to my girlfriend.	我只是在写一封信给我的女友
Are you insinuating something?	你是不是想暗示什么
All of my friends like soccer.	我所有的朋友都喜欢足球
Put it on one bill, please.	请记在一张帐单上
The bell rang.	铃响了
Do you still need tea?	你还需要茶吗
She stirred her coffee with a teaspoon.	她用茶匙搅她的咖啡
Although old, he is still very much alive.	虽然上了年纪
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.	我要知道汤姆为什么要我们那样做
I wonder what she really means.	我自问她真正的意思是什么
We easily figured out the password.	我们毫不费力地想出了密码
This book has a lot of pictures.	这本书有很多图片
Can you solve this puzzle?	你能解开这个谜吗
They say that he will never return.	他们说他永远不会回来
Don't leave the lights on when you leave the room.	离开房间时
Tom was the last person Mary expected to see at John's party.	玛丽没料到会在约翰的聚会上见到汤姆
Many people are suffering from hunger around the world.	世界上许多人在挨饿
I want to read it.	我想读
I'm busy getting ready for tomorrow.	我正忙著为明天作准备
I just want you to come.	我只是想要你来
He hurried to the station so he wouldn't miss the train.	为了不错过火车
What happened then?	然后发生了什么事
Shame on you.	你真丢脸
All of a sudden, it became cloudy.	忽然天气转为多云
Give me a little money.	给我一点钱
My father is busy.	我爸爸很忙
Some people like red wine and some people like white wine.	有人喜欢红酒
I got robbed.	我被抢劫了
My brother seems to enjoy himself at college.	我弟弟似乎在大学过得很愉快
I love elderberry juice.	我爱接骨木果汁
Why are you burning these pictures?	为什么你要烧这些图片呢
I walked as slowly as I could.	我尽可能的走慢一点
They refused.	他们拒绝了
The storm didn't abate for several hours.	风暴几个小时没有减弱了
What are you watching?	你在看什么
Some people say Japan is a male-dominated society.	有些人说日本是个男性统治的社会
I think you look like Tom.	我看你长得像汤姆
I'm counting on your help.	我指望你的帮助
Yesterday's weather wasn't very good.	昨天天气不是很好
He works for an advertising agency.	他为一家广告公司工作
I'm crazy about you.	我为你着迷
How about another beer?	再来一杯啤酒怎么样
I broke my right leg.	我摔断了右腿
We're behind schedule.	我们落后于原定计划
Do you want some more tea?	您想再来点茶吗
He really likes baseball.	他非常喜欢棒球
It is strange that he should say so.	他这么说很奇怪
Computers are capable of doing extremely complicated work.	电脑可以做极为复杂的工作
Doesn't Tom go to Australia every month?	汤姆不是每个月都去澳大利亚吗
I don't sing very well.	我唱歌不太好
Tom is able to come to our party tomorrow.	汤姆明天能来我们的聚会
Pizza is my favorite food.	比萨是我最喜欢的食物
It's only a matter of time.	这只是时间的问题
Tom stayed at this hotel for three weeks.	汤姆在这宾馆待了三周
Thanks for telling me the truth.	感谢告诉我真相
Her father dedicated his life to science.	她父亲把一生都贡献给科学事业了
On Mondays, he's always at home.	他星期一总是在家
Wash your hands before eating.	进食前先洗手
She insisted that I should see the doctor.	她坚持让我去看医生
Somebody is playing the piano.	有人正在弹钢琴
She looked sad.	她看上去很伤心
Let's have a short break.	让我们休息一会儿
I'm so sorry I hurt your feelings.	我很抱歉伤害了你的感情
The leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red.	花园里树上的叶子已经完全变红了
I went to the park last Saturday.	上个星期六我去了公园
There weren't any roses in the garden.	花园里没有任何玫瑰
This is what I can do for you.	这是我能为您做的
I just finished cleaning your place.	我刚把你家的卫生做完
They made us work all night.	他们要我们整夜工作
Can his story be true?	他的故事可能是真的吗
I have no money with me.	我身上没有钱
I didn't mean to wake you.	我没打算叫醒你
Could you do me a favor?	请你帮我一个忙好吗
The train arrived ten minutes behind time.	列车晚到了十分钟
I don't know when he's coming.	不知道他什么时候来
I can't go, nor do I want to.	我去不了
Tom is working in Boston.	汤姆在波士顿工作
You don't have to get up early.	你不必早起
I have to win.	我必须赢
Is Tom autistic?	汤姆有自闭症吗
I will be with you tonight.	今晚我将与你在一起
What is your name?	你叫什么名字
She speaks both English and French.	她会讲英语和法语
Life would be so much better if you didn't care so much.	如果你不计较太多
I love my life.	我爱我的生命
That man grabbed the young girl's wrist.	那个男人抓住了这个年轻女孩的手腕
Hard work and dedication will bring you success.	努力工作和敬业精神会使你成功
They greeted me with a smile.	他们面带微笑向我打招呼
I took it for granted that she would come to our wedding.	我理所当然地认为她会参加我们的结婚典礼
That's my coat.	那是我的大衣
I owe a lot of money.	我欠了很多钱
Bring the key.	带钥匙来
She has a lot of respect for her teacher.	她非常尊敬她的老师
Don't distract me while I am studying.	我学习的时候不要打扰我
Is there anything in the box?	箱子里有任何东西吗
I managed to get there in time.	我设法及时到那里
Wait till the light turns green.	等到指示灯变成绿色
Sociopaths rarely display remorse or feelings of guilt for their crimes.	反社会者极少为他们的罪行显露懊悔或有罪恶的感觉
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.	他快要睡著的时候
What is your opinion on this matter?	你对这件事有什么看法
The police didn't find any clues.	警方没有发现任何线索
She accepted his gift.	她收下了他的礼物
I understood Tom's point of view.	我理解汤姆的观点
She kept me waiting for 30 minutes.	她让我等了
There's a bottle of white wine in the refrigerator.	冰箱里有一瓶白葡萄酒
All lawyers are liars.	律师都是骗子
I like English best of all subjects.	所有学科中
What'll you be doing over the weekend?	你整个周末会做什么
The admission is ten dollars a person.	入场费一个人
I wish you had told me the truth.	我希望你告诉我真相了
I'll be very happy if I can serve you.	能为你服务我会感到非常高兴
We should be safe here.	我们在这里应该是安全的
You guys looked mad.	你们疯了吧
I've changed my website's layout.	我改了一下我网站的版面设计
Almost all the doors were closed.	几乎所有门都关了
After you have read it, give the book back to me.	在你读完后
I've just eaten lunch.	我刚吃过午饭
He substituted for his father.	子承父业
She wants to hug him.	她想拥抱他
Do you mind turning on the TV?	你介意打开电视吗
I forgot to ask him.	我忘了问他
He sometimes drops in on me.	他有时候会来看我
Tom wanted this to be a surprise.	汤姆想把这留作惊喜
We plan to climb that mountain.	我们计划去爬那座山
Yes, I know.	是的
The date of manufacture is shown on the lid.	生产日期在盖子上
Kissing a person who smokes is like licking an ashtray.	亲吻一个抽烟的人就像在舔烟灰缸
I laughed.	我笑了
My brother lives in a small village.	我哥住在一座小村庄里
She sometimes has her mother cut her hair.	她有时候让她的妈妈剪头发
Give me back the book after you've read it.	在你读完后
I buy donuts every Sunday after church.	我每个星期日礼拜完都买甜甜圈
I need to go to the hospital.	我需要去医院
I built a new house.	我盖了栋新房子
He is a promising student.	他是一位有前途的学生
You're the only one that can help us.	你是唯一一个能帮助我们的人
I'm a big football fan.	我是足球的忠实粉丝
He dwells in the country.	他住在乡下地区
You're the only one I can trust.	你是我唯一能信任的人
My brother is a professor.	我哥哥是教授
I wish I were in Paris now.	但愿我现在在巴黎
After walking for an hour, we stopped to take a rest.	走了一个小时后
I generally agree with her.	我大致上同意她
How did your test go?	你的测验怎么样
That was all Greek to me.	我完全看不懂
Please bill us separately.	请让我们分开付钱
All that glitters is not gold.	光看表面是不足够的
Did you already eat at home?	你在家吃过了吗
The entire world desires peace.	整个世界都需要和平
The door was locked from within.	这门从里面被反锁了
My mother opened the door very carefully.	我妈妈小心翼翼地打开门
My father won't allow me to keep a dog.	我父亲不让我养狗
I'm shorter than you.	我比你矮
The boy came running into the room.	小男孩跑进了房间
Tom is a French teacher.	汤姆是法语老师
Tom is in the bathroom now.	汤姆现在在卫生间
He's three inches taller than I am.	他比我高三英寸
I encouraged Tom to study harder.	我鼓励汤姆更努力学习
We're fighting against time.	我们在跟时间斗争
He has a great deal of experience.	他有丰富的经验
You should be kind to others.	对其他人你应该和善一点
When I first met Tom, I didn't like him much.	我第一次见到汤姆时
You must leave.	你必须走
We'll go on a picnic if it's fine tomorrow.	如果明天天气好
I work every day except for Sundays.	除了星期天我每一天都工作
Life has been very hard.	生活很艰苦
Where did you get your camera repaired?	你在哪儿修的照相机
The ship made slow progress against the strong wind.	这艘船逆风而行缓慢前进
Can you hold on a second?	你能等一下吗
Could you sign here, please?	请你在这里签名好吗
It wasn't a very interesting novel.	这不是一个很有趣的小说
How are you?	你好吗
Tom says he hopes Mary is able to do that.	汤姆说他希望玛丽能做到
Seen from the sky, the river looked like a huge snake.	从天上看下来
The fence will be painted by Tom tomorrow.	Tom	明天将漆栅栏
Tom and Mary stayed in a fancy hotel.	汤姆和玛丽入住了一家高档酒店
I didn't know Tom was going to tell us what to do.	我不知道汤姆会告诉我们该怎么做
I prefer red wine to white.	我喜欢红葡萄酒胜过白葡萄酒
I knew Tom's brother.	我认识汤姆的弟兄
I like apples better than oranges.	相对于橙子
I really like to read.	我真喜欢阅读
My mother almost never complains.	我妈妈几乎从不抱怨
Tom was caught driving without a license.	Tom	被抓到无照驾驶
Tom watched TV yesterday.	Tom	昨天看了电视
Let me give you some advice.	让我给你一些建议
Everyone was happy.	每个人都高兴
You must be joking!	你一定是开玩笑
How did you know that I liked Tom?	你怎么知道我喜欢汤姆
I will give you the money tomorrow.	我明天会付钱给你
We're just about finished here.	我们快要结束了
Did he propose to you?	他向你求婚了吗
School was closed for the day due to the snow.	学校因大雪停课一天
Can you see?	你能看吗
I forgot to attach a stamp to the envelope.	我忘记在信封上贴邮票了
His methods are not scientific.	他的方法不科学
Tom has to do that right away.	汤姆必须马上去做
Picasso's paintings seem strange to me.	毕加索的画对我来说似乎很奇怪
This is a picture of my sister.	这是我姊姊的照片
I am sure that he will succeed.	我肯定他会成功的
We had a history quiz this morning.	我们今天早上有历史小考
I haven't yet finished my homework.	我还没做完作业
You're always busy.	你一直忙
I had no choice but to accept the offer.	除了接受报价
Tom runs faster than me.	汤姆跑得比我快
He gets a haircut three times a month.	他一个月剪三次头发
He lives in that house over there.	他住在那边的那间房子
I'm not well at all.	我一点都不好
Don't throw rocks into the river.	不要往河里扔石头
What is that?	那是什么
I find it hard to get up early on cold mornings.	我觉得在寒冷的早晨很难早起
That hurts.	真疼
He is determined to go to England.	他决心去英国
I've always kept my promises.	我一直信守我的诺言
This doesn't concern you.	跟你没半毛钱关系
I thought I was dreaming.	我还以为我在做梦呢
We almost had Tom convinced.	我们差不多说服
The paint was coming off the wall.	油漆从墙上脱落
Give me something to write on.	给我一些我可以在上面写字的东西
Wait for me downstairs.	在楼下等我
Do you get up at six?	你六点起床吗
That isn't important to me.	那对我不重要
That's the man whose kids are so nice.	那个男人
What is over there?	那是什么
He's bound to forget.	他准会忘
She told me that her mother had bought it for her.	她告诉我她妈妈买给她了
It's very cold here in February.	这里在二月时非常冷
What's your favorite color?	你最喜欢的颜色是什么
Please feed the dog every day.	请每天喂一下狗
I'm feeling fit.	我觉得精神很好
She is as beautiful as her mother is.	她跟她妈妈一样漂亮
He witnessed the murder.	他目睹了谋杀案
Please don't say that.	请你不要说这个
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be intoxicated.	汤姆告诉玛丽她应该停止假装醉酒
The evidence is clear.	证据确凿了
I have no excuse.	我没有借口
Do you know who this belongs to?	这是谁的你知道吗
You know where the problem lies.	你知道问题在哪里
I'm going to call you tomorrow.	明天我给你打电话
I'm not good at mathematics.	我的数学不好
I can't tell if you're joking.	我无法分辨你是否在开玩笑
Do I have to be hospitalized?	我必须去医院吗
He left the house without so much as saying goodbye.	他甚至没说再见就离开了家
I will ask him about it tomorrow.	我明天会问他
Is this really worth it?	这样真的值得吗
Do you think we'll have good weather tomorrow?	你觉得明天会有个好天气吗
Look back!	回头看
I called Tom.	我给汤姆打了电话
This is a present for you.	这是给你的礼物
He accepted her gift.	他接受了她的礼物
Haste makes waste.	欲速则不达
It's very hard getting a taxi in this city.	在这个城市
Tom has been learning French for a few years.	汤姆学了几年法语
I was about to leave when you came in.	你来的时候我刚好要走
Don't ask Tom any questions about his job.	别问汤姆他的工作的问题
I don't know the exact date.	我不知道确切的日期
Could you please talk a bit louder? I can't hear very well.	你能大声点讲吗
I held my breath and waited.	我屏住了呼吸等待着
Please excuse me for being rude.	请原谅我的鲁莽
I'm very sorry I came home so late.	我很抱歉那么晚回家
Birds lay eggs.	鸟下蛋
I think it'll be hot tomorrow.	我觉得明天会很热
How do you make money?	你怎么赚钱
May I borrow your bike?	我能借一下您的自行车吗
It's my turn to decide what to eat.	轮到我决定我们吃甚么
Tom's not breathing.	汤姆没有呼吸了
He was drowned.	他被淹死了
It's just your imagination.	这只是你的想象
She usually sleeps for eight hours.	她通常睡八个小时
How well do you know Tom?	你了解汤姆多少
She earns 30 dollars per day.	她每天挣
Shut the door, please.	请关上门
To be very honest with you, I don't think I can do that.	和你说句实话
I hate winter.	我讨厌冬天
My father walks.	我爸爸走路
This water tastes good.	这水很好喝
Let's take a break now.	现在
The car hit a wall.	那辆车撞到墙了
I'd like to try this on. Where are the fitting rooms?	我想试试这件
Have a good weekend.	周末愉快
Why can't I find you?	我为什么找不到你
Tom doesn't have much energy today.	Tom	今天没什么活力
It's well done.	做得很好
Waiter, I'd like to order.	服务生
He is out now.	他现在出去了
I'm here on business.	我在这里出差
I know it's difficult to believe.	我知道
You run.	你跑
What languages are spoken in America?	在美国人们说哪些语言
The address on this parcel is wrong.	这个包裹上的地址是错的
We're ready for the next step.	我们准备好了走下一步
The train passed by us.	列车从我们身边经过
Tom isn't feeling very well.	汤姆感觉不太好
They arrived at the hotel.	他们抵达了酒店
My neck hurts.	我脖子痛
The explorers discovered a skeleton in the cave.	探险家们在洞穴里发现了骸骨
I need to renew my passport.	我必须更新我的护照
Would you mind my opening the door?	你介意我开门吗
You made a mistake.	你犯了个错误
Where is the bathroom?	洗手间在哪里
I need a new pair of shoes.	我需要一双新鞋
It's hard to predict what the weather will be like tomorrow.	很难说明天的天气将会怎样
His wife gave birth to twin boys.	他的妻子生下了一对双胞胎男孩
He said that he gets up at 6 o'clock every day.	他说他每天早上六点起床
The old dog barked.	老狗叫了
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay here.	只要你保持安静
I'm being patient.	我很有耐心
What do you want?	你想要什么
Tom is a grumpy old man.	汤姆是个脾气暴躁的老人
Do you study every day?	你每天都学习吗
I advertised my car for sale.	我登广告卖我的车
She doesn't speak Japanese at home.	她在家不说日语
You can use this car.	你可以使用这辆车
Don't share this with anyone.	不要告诉任何人这件事
It is easier than I thought.	它比我想的容易
You shouldn't go.	你不应该去
Do you follow?	懂了吗
It's a good start.	这是一个好的开端
Do you need to buy anything?	你有什么需要买的吗
I bought a newspaper written in English.	我买了份英文写的报纸
All of Tom's predictions came true.	汤姆说的预言全部都应验了
There used to be a store right here.	这里以前有个商店
We have to go by the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
I wish you luck.	祝您好运
He was a man of great ambition.	他是个很有野心的人
Is his pulse regular?	他的脉搏正常吗
I'll make you happy.	我会让你幸福的
She was out when I called.	我给她打电话的时候她不在
I don't know whether Tom will eat with us or not.	我不知道
How did your journey begin?	你的旅行是怎么开始的
Who does this guitar belong to?	这把吉他是谁的
I'm sure you'll be interested.	我确定你会感兴趣
Is Tom living in Boston?	汤姆住在波士顿吗
He is alone.	他独自一人
I have one brother and two sisters.	我有一个兄弟和两个姐妹
You should've rejected such an unfair proposal.	你本该拒绝一个那么不公平的提议
Where are you from?	你从哪里来
If you hear hoofbeats, don't look for zebras.	不要听风就是雨
That's no big deal.	那没什么大不了的
I'm tired of translating.	我厌倦了翻译
May I use this?	我可以用吗
You're not a doctor.	您不是医生
He made an important discovery.	他有了一个重要的发现
I had a feeling this might happen.	我早有一种感觉这可能会发生
I met your father yesterday.	昨天我见到了你父亲
You should thank me.	你应该感谢我
I told him what the problem was.	我告诉了他问题所在
We still have many other things to discuss.	我们还有许多别的事情要讨论
The only sound to be heard was the ticking of the clock.	唯一能听到的声音是钟的滴答声
You must control yourself.	你必须控制自己
The book is here.	那本书在这里
You'd better go by bus.	你最好坐公共汽车去
The boy took the radio apart.	这个男孩把收音机折散架了
Tom comes home almost every weekend.	汤姆几乎每个周末都回家
That's not my wife.	这不是我的妻子
The cold weather continued for three weeks.	寒冷的天气持续了三个礼拜
I don't wash my hair in the morning.	我早上不洗头
It's a dead end.	这是个死胡同
You seemed surprised.	你看起来很吃惊
Tom is afraid of heights.	汤姆恐高
I have to go to the toilet.	我要去厕所
He was a rugby player.	他曾是个英式橄榄球运动员
I want to talk to your uncle.	我想跟你叔叔谈谈
My ear was bleeding this morning.	今天早上我耳朵流血了
He went to the dentist.	他去看牙医了
What do we want?	我们要什么
We promise you that we'll never do it again.	我们保证我们不会再做了
Tom is friendly to everyone.	汤姆对每个人都很友好
There's nothing more painful than losing one's child.	没有比失去孩子更让人悲伤的事
Please forgive me.	请原谅我
Tom filled out the application form.	汤姆填写了申请表
I am pleased with his work.	对于他的工作我很满意
This is my bike.	这是我的自行车
We don't live in Boston.	我们不住在波士顿
Please do that.	麻烦您那样做
Let me have a try at it.	让我试试
He often walks to school.	他常常走路去学校
I spent my vacation at the beach.	我在海边度假
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.	明天
I've never heard her speak ill of others.	我从没听过她说别人坏话
That black bird isn't a blackbird.	那只黑鸟不是乌鸫
We have to look into the disappearance of the doctor.	我们必须调查医生的失踪案
I don't know where you want to go.	我不知道你要去哪
The man kept talking for an hour.	这个男人连续说了一个小时的话
I looked, but I didn't see anything.	我看过了
I'd rather not go there alone.	我宁可不要单独去那里
Tom asked us to leave him alone.	汤姆要我们留他独自一人
When she saw that they had no schools, she started one.	当她发现他们还没有学校
I've never known anyone as hypocritical as you.	我从来没有见过谁像你这么虚伪的
I need to take a shower.	我需要洗个澡
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.	为了参加划船比赛
I want a girlfriend.	我想找女朋友
Are you staying at this hotel?	你住在这家旅馆吗
The picnic was canceled because of rain.	由于下雨
She is afraid of her own shadow.	她害怕自己的影子
Turn around.	转过来
You don't have to go to the party unless you want to.	除非你想去
By the way, I've got to tell you something.	我得顺便给你讲件事
She has a lot of English books.	她有很多英文书
Please feel free to ask questions.	欢迎随时提问
I like rice more than bread.	比起面包
Tom understands what it takes to survive.	汤姆明白生存的代价
He crossed the Pacific Ocean in thirty days.	他用
Tom looked at his reflection in the mirror.	汤姆看他在镜中的映像
You're the most reliable friend I have.	你是我最可靠的朋友
What's the hurry?	这么着急干什么
It'll take a long time.	我要花很长时间
We went all out to get the job done.	我们全力以赴来完成工作
I looked after him for a period of time.	我看了他一段时间
I didn't tell Tom what needed to be done.	我没告诉汤姆要做甚么
We had a lot of furniture.	我们有很多家具
He was hurt in a car accident.	他在一次车祸中受伤了
There are plenty of fish in this river.	这条河里有很多鱼
Tom was victorious.	汤姆胜利了
May I share this table with you?	我可以跟你共用这张桌子吗
I did not participate in the dialog.	我没有参与对话
That boy over there is probably Tom's brother.	那边的那个男孩很可能是汤姆的兄弟
Does anyone care?	有人在意吗
Tom may still be alive.	汤姆可能还活着
Tom asked me about you.	汤姆向我问起你
Tom is always watching television.	汤姆总是在看电视
A fork fell off the table.	叉子从桌上掉了下来
She makes all her own clothes.	她的衣服全部都是她自己做的
Brown is not Tom's natural hair color.	棕色不是汤姆天生的发色
Tom wasn't as handsome as Mary said he was.	汤姆并不是玛丽说得那样英俊
I love watching talk shows.	我爱看脱口秀
You'd better wait for the next bus.	你最好等下一班公车
Tom will be there, won't he?	汤姆会在那里
"When will you be back?" "It all depends on the weather."	“	你什么时候回来
What's wrong with my plan?	我的计划有问题吗
I'm sending you a birthday present by airmail.	我寄给你一个航空邮件生日礼物
She drew out the money from the bank.	她从银行取了钱
He killed that man.	他杀死了那个人
A stitch in time saves nine.	防微杜渐
What does Tom usually eat for breakfast?	汤姆的早餐经常吃什么
There was no water in the river.	这条河的水干了
She visited the old man in the hospital every day but Sunday.	她每天都去探视在医院里的老人
Tom doesn't celebrate Christmas.	汤姆不庆祝圣诞
You'd better go home.	你最好回家
This chair is light.	这把椅子很轻
You aren't invited.	你没受到邀请
The boy was shirtless.	男孩赤裸着上身
Earthquakes frequently hit Japan.	地震频繁地袭击日本
All of the milk was spilled.	所有的牛奶都洒出去了
Tom probably knows where we can get something to eat around here.	汤姆应该知道这附近哪里有东西吃
The building is one hundred meters high.	该建筑高一百公尺
Will you show me what you bought?	你愿意给我看看你买了什么吗
I can't hear very well.	我听不太清楚
There is something wrong with my car.	我的车子故障了
Guess what he told me.	猜猜看他告诉了我什么
I do not remember seeing the letter, but perhaps I read it.	我不记得我看过这封信
I'm glad the thief was caught.	抓到小偷真是太好了
When is breakfast?	早餐是从几点到几点
Feel free to ask any questions.	尽管提问
Tom blew out all the candles on the cake.	汤姆吹灭了蛋糕上的所有蜡烛
I just finished breakfast.	我刚吃完了早饭
She made tea for me.	她给我沏了茶
He narrowly escaped being killed.	他险些被杀害
We're going to stay in Boston all month.	我们整个月都要待在波士顿
According to the Bible, God made the world in six days.	根据圣经记载
I woke up with a headache this morning.	今天早晨被头给疼醒了
I was absent from the party.	我没去派对
The situation has become hopeless.	情况变得没有希望了
I understand how you feel.	我明白你的感受
What do you learn English for?	你为什么学英文
Fresh fruit is good for your health.	新鲜的水果对你的健康有益
That isn't what I ordered.	我没有预定这个
There are seven men and four women in my section.	在我的部门里有七男四女
He's a student at this college.	他是这所大学的学生
She hung the picture upside down.	她把画挂反了
I fell in love with you.	我爱上了你
We have only one chance.	我们只有一次机会
He's the same age as me.	他和我同岁
They both want a child.	他俩想要一个孩子
She cooked us a wonderful meal.	她为我们煮了丰盛的一餐
The stew smells delicious.	这锅墩汤闻起来真美味
It's exactly as you say it is.	它跟你说的完全一样
I made some mistakes on the test.	我在考试时犯了些错
Is this your first time in Japan?	这是你第一次到日本吗
He hid his friend from the police.	他把他的朋友藏了起来不让警察知道
Our friend finished the race in second place.	我们的朋友完成了比赛
Cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase.	癌症如果在第一阶段被发现的话是很容易治愈的
I didn't want to surprise you.	我没想吓唬你
Stop gambling.	戒掉赌博吧
I don't think she cares very much.	我不认为她很在意
I caught up with them soon.	我很快就赶上了他们
Tom's room is dirty.	汤姆的房间很脏
I can't stand that noise any longer.	我不能再忍受那噪音了
Few people know how to do it.	很少有人知道怎么做
Tom runs very fast.	汤姆跑得快
If you eat that much, you'll have a stomachache.	那么吃的话
I've got to go to the bank.	我要去银行了
What's the exchange rate today?	今天的汇率是多少
I felt lonely.	我觉得很孤独
Let's take a rest for a while.	我们休息一会儿吧
Tom has the ability to make that happen.	汤姆有让那发生的能力
Where did it come from?	它从哪里来
I like playing the piano.	我喜欢弹钢琴
I work every day except Sunday.	除了星期天我每一天都工作
Tom won't even know what you did until it's over.	汤姆不到最后不会知道你做了什么
We have a great team.	我们有个好极了的团队
I study English.	我学英语
He was covered with mud.	他身上满是泥
They sued the government for damages.	他们状告政府赔偿损失
When did you graduate from high school?	你什么时候中学毕业
How far away are we?	我们有多远了
He is able to speak five languages.	他会说五种语言
This is a crucial point.	这是一个关键点
His clothes are out of fashion.	他的衣服过时了
Tom didn't agree to do it.	汤姆不同意做
Tom almost drowned in the river.	汤姆差点在河里淹死了
A typhoon is approaching Japan.	台风正接近日本
What's your problem?	你到底怎么回事啊
Tom and Mary are both wearing brown hats.	汤姆和玛丽都戴着褐色的帽子
Tom said Mary likes to drive.	汤姆说玛丽喜欢驾车
It is especially hot today.	今天特别热
We studied the government's economic policy.	我们研究了政府的经济政策
She likes oranges.	她喜欢柳橙
It is up to you.	由你来决定
He took a trip to Europe.	他去欧洲旅行了
Would you like some salad?	你要来点儿沙拉吗
You're the one who quit.	你是退出的那一个
I bought this book the other day.	我前几天买了这本书
All sorts of people live in Tokyo.	各种人住在东京
I'm sad.	我很难过
I like jogging.	我喜欢跑步
I want something to drink now.	我现在想要喝点东西
Could you get me some tea?	能来点茶吗
Tom was my first boyfriend.	汤姆是我第一个男朋友
Not being tall isn't a disadvantage.	长不高不是坏事
Tom had a bad accident.	汤姆出了桩事故
Please sing.	请唱歌
Her success made her the target of jealousy.	她的成功让她成为嫉妒心的靶子
When Dad finds out what you've done, he's going to hit the roof.	当爸爸发现你做了什么的时候
Both his father and mother are dead.	他的父母亲都去世了
Unfortunately, I have to get up early every morning.	不幸的是
According to the newspaper, he committed suicide.	据报纸上说
I've been spending too much time with Tom.	我在汤姆身上花的时间太多了
My house is very near the park.	我的房子靠近公园
I don't love you anymore.	我不再爱你了
This bomb can kill many people.	这个炸弹可以炸死很多人
Tom is our oldest son.	汤姆是我们最大的儿子
It's wrong to tell lies.	说谎是错误的
You're too drunk to drive.	你酒喝得太醉了不能开车
Dutch is closely related to German.	荷兰语与德语关系密切
He managed to make both ends meet.	他设法使收支平衡
I suggest that you don't trust Tom too much.	我建议你别太相信汤姆
Do Japanese people eat sushi every day?	日本人每天都会吃寿司吗
The sun was shining, yet it was cold.	虽然有阳光照射
I'd like a room in the back.	我想要一间后面的房间
Could you please drive me home?	你可以载我回家吗
Everybody wished he had been elected governor.	每个人都希望他当选州长
All of a sudden, the enemy bombs came down on us like rain.	突然
I think Tom is awake.	我想
Are you also from Boston?	你也是从波士顿来的吗
The engine died.	发动机坏掉了
He must be over sixty.	他应该超过六十岁了
Are you saying that my life is in danger?	你在说我有生命危险吗
Why don't you be quiet?	你为什么不安静
At last, the bus stopped.	公车最终停了下来
I want to be a baseball player.	我想成为一名棒球运动员
They set fire to their neighbor's house in revenge.	为了报仇
He looks like a good boy.	他看起来是个好男孩
Tom never wanted to try it.	汤姆从不想试试
Let's play basketball after school.	让我们放学后打篮球
It's against the law to carry weapons.	携带武器是违法的
I couldn't remember ever having met her.	我不记得曾经见过她
Please ask at the information desk.	请向服务台询问
I was invited to their wedding.	我被邀请参加他们的婚礼
Thanks to both of you.	感谢你们两位
Tom eats asparagus, but his brother doesn't.	汤姆吃芦笋
The traffic light turned green.	红绿灯变成绿色了
I can verify that that's the truth myself.	我自己能够证实那是真的
Do you know whether or not it'll rain tomorrow?	您是否知道
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States.	这将是我环绕美国旅行中一个很好的纪念品
I need it ASAP.	我尽快需要
What is the price for this?	多少钱
Someone's at the door.	有人在门口
I'm not feeling well.	我身体不适
It's not important.	这不重要
I wanted to cry.	我想哭
I accompanied her on the piano.	我为她作钢琴伴奏
I explained the process to him.	我向他解释了这个过程
What have you done with my bag?	你用我的袋子做了什么
You didn't need to take a taxi.	你不必搭计程车
I can't believe that you were the smartest kid in your class.	我不敢相信你是你们班里面最聪明的孩子
I'm getting off at the next station.	我会在下一站下车
Is anybody there?	那边有人吗
She cried when she heard the news.	当她听到这个消息的时候
Don't put anything on top of the box.	不要放任何东西在箱子上面
She has three brothers.	她有三个兄弟
My job is to wash the dishes.	我的工作是洗碗
What's so special about Tom?	汤姆有什么很与众不同的地方吗
My uncle lived abroad for many years.	我叔叔住在国外很多年了
I went there by bus and train.	我搭公车和火车去那里
He'll be done soon.	他很快就好了
Tom asked Mary where her mother was.	汤姆问玛丽她妈在哪
Could you carry my bags for me?	你可以帮我提我的袋子吗
I am determined to be a scientist.	我决心要成为一名科学家
Let's meet at one o'clock.	让我们一点钟见面吧
Tom threw in the towel.	汤姆不干了
Tom is delighted.	汤姆兴奋不已
I think you went too far.	我觉得您过火了
Do you know when they will arrive?	你知道他们什么时候到吗
All of these books are mine.	这些书都是我的
I will be a doctor someday.	我有朝一日会成为一名医生
Social customs vary from country to country.	国家不同
I chose this topic because I think that it's interesting.	我选这个主题是因为我觉得它很有意思
My father retired at the age of 65.	我父亲在六十五岁时退休
The weather forecast is not reliable at all.	天气预报一点也不可靠
Even though he has a lot of money, he's not happy.	虽然他很有钱
I've lost my pencil.	我的铅笔掉了
Do you want to know what I see?	你想知道我看见什么了吗
She shut herself up in her room.	她把自己关在房里
It wasn't my fault.	那不是我的错
I can't bring myself to do such a thing.	我不能让自己做这样的事
Is something wrong?	有什么不对吗
A hundred people were hurt in a train wreck.	一百多个人在一个火车事故中受了伤
I'm sure Tom will do his best.	我确定汤姆会尽力去做
Tom doesn't pay attention in school.	汤姆在学校里不专心
Tom can do so much better than me.	汤姆可以比我做得好很多
Visitors to Switzerland admire the Alps.	游客到瑞士欣赏阿尔卑斯山
He seems quite happy.	他看起来好像很幸福
Do you think I'm beautiful?	你认为我美吗
She is as beautiful as Snow White.	她像白雪公主一样漂亮
How much is this T-shirt?	这件衬衫多少钱
Tom does not like cheese.	汤姆不喜欢乳酪
Tom became a hero.	汤姆成了英雄
My French isn't good enough.	我的法语说得不够好
These products are of the same quality.	这些产品质量同等
Tom still works at the same restaurant where Mary works.	汤姆还是在玛丽工作的那家餐馆继续工作
I don't think Tom trusts many people.	我不认为汤姆相信许多人
Everyone, please be quiet.	各位
She lacks common sense.	她缺乏常识
No one understands me.	没有人理解我
When the cat's away, the mice will play.	山上无老虎
I do not know whether to accept or to refuse.	我不知道是否该同意或拒绝
Today is the 3rd.	今天三号
You know as well as I do that Tom hates Mary.	你我都知道汤姆恨玛丽
We've already won this battle.	我们已经赢得了这场战斗
Where are the showers?	浴室在哪里
They sell candy.	他们卖糖果
I spent the whole day in reading the novel.	我一整天都在看这本小说
I am not accustomed to speaking in public.	我不习惯在公众场合说话
I like traveling.	我喜欢旅行
I'm losing my grip.	我失去了控制
I know that you are learning French at school.	我知道你在学校学法语
You look very happy this morning.	你今天上午看起来很高兴
I want you to sleep on it.	我想要你睡在它上边
Tom enjoyed himself at the party.	汤姆在晚会玩的很开心
I have brothers.	我有兄弟
A mile is equal to about 1,600 meters.	一英里大约是
My friends don't play tennis.	我的朋友不打网球
Turn on the TV.	开电视
I had a chance to travel abroad.	我有个到国外旅游的机会
Are you going to be there?	你会在那里吗
May I ask you to call me back later?	你等一会然后再给我打电话
They decided to get married.	他们决定结婚了
This carpet is superior to that one in quality.	这地毯在质量上比那个好得多
I am not writing a letter.	我不是正在写信
Please knock before entering.	进来之前请敲门
You can see many animals in this forest.	你可以在这片森林里看到很多动物
I just need a break.	我只想休息一下
Where are my books?	我的书在哪
Tom and Mary were smiling.	汤姆和玛丽正微笑着
She hung a curtain over the window.	她把窗帘挂在窗户上
All at once she began to shout in a shrill voice.	突然间她开始用尖锐的声音大喊
She left here right away.	她马上离开了这里
How about going to the movies?	去看电影怎样
What fruit do you like the best?	你最喜欢什么水果
Who is that man?	那男人是谁
I'm a waiter.	我是跑堂
Give me something to do.	给我点事做
Tom is sick.	汤姆病了
Tom lives here.	汤姆住在这里
I sure hope this is a dream.	我当然希望这是一个梦
Tom already knew that.	汤姆已经知道了
He lived to be eighty years old.	他活到了八十岁
I don't like living in the country.	我不喜欢住在乡下
I'm not busy.	我没在忙
I'm not very good at swimming.	我不是很擅长游泳
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be.	玛丽不是真病
He may come and see us tonight.	他今天晚上可能来看我们
Tom is unlikely to do that again.	汤姆不太可能再那么做了
I had nothing in common with them.	我同他们没有过共同之处
This isn't love.	这不是爱
The problem is, he has no money.	问题是他没钱
Let's wait here till he comes back.	让我们在这里等他直到他回来
Tom helped me fix my watch.	汤姆帮我修好了我的手表
These days I'm very busy.	我最近忙得很
I miss you badly.	我非常想你
Give me an apple.	给我一个苹果
Which cup is yours?	哪个是你的杯子
She thinks of everything in terms of money.	她对任何事都用钱的角度来看
There is no denying that she is very efficient.	无可否认她非常有能力
Would you care for some tea?	你要喝点茶吗
My father repaired my old watch.	我父亲修理了我的旧手表
When did this happen?	这是什么时候发生的
Birds fly.	鸟类飞行
They are sure to fall in love.	他们肯定会相恋的
What you say makes no sense.	你说的话没有道理
He had no qualms in doing so.	他这么做
He has recovered from his bad cold.	他从重感冒中恢复了过来
Put your hands up.	手举起来
What you said left a deep impression on me.	你说的话给我留下了很深刻的印象
Choose the one you like.	选喜欢的
She does not like sushi.	她不喜欢寿司
I'm young.	我还年轻
We enjoyed watching the fireworks on a bridge last summer.	去年夏天
What is it with you and motorbikes?	你跟摩托车到底怎么回事
Stop, or I'll shoot.	停止
What're you laughing at?	你在笑什么呢
What's your native language?	你的母语是什么
Try it again.	再试一下
The dog is barking.	狗在叫
The lightning lit up the sky.	闪电照亮了天空
He traveled around the world.	他周游世界各地
He likes adventures.	他喜欢冒险
They worked jointly on this project.	他们一起为这个项目工作过
She's not yet heard the news.	她还没听到这个消息
Why don't you eat vegetables?	为什么你不吃蔬菜
I saw a cottage in the distance.	我看见远处有一间小屋
I hope he will wait for me.	我希望他会等我
Do you have a car?	您有车吗
Tom and I are almost done.	汤姆和我要做完了
He's your friend.	他是你的朋友
There's a hole in this bucket.	这个桶有个洞
What do you want it for?	您要它干什么
The milk is sour.	牛奶馊了
We had a nice time last night.	我们昨晚过得很开心
A fire broke out last night and three houses were burnt down.	昨晚发生了一场火灾
Taking the group of children to the library was no problem.	带孩子团体去图书馆一点问题都没有
For a moment there, I thought he had gone mad.	一时间我还以为他疯了
Tom is an artist.	汤姆是艺术家
Tom is ecstatic.	汤姆兴奋不已
I've just had lunch.	我刚吃过午饭
He was paid 10,000 dollars.	有人付给他
I got a bee sting.	我被蜜蜂蛰了一下
I really look forward to your visit in the near future.	我很期待在不久的将来您的光临
They flunked their exams.	他们考试不及格
We'll do that.	我们会去做
Please remember to mail the letter.	请记得把信寄出去
What did you guys go see?	你们去看啥了
She was very proud of her father.	她非常地以她父亲为荣
She got in at 9 p.m.	她晚上九点钟上了车
I agreed with him on that point.	我在那一点上同意他
They waited for their teacher.	他们等待著他们的老师
Tom told me that he didn't win.	汤姆告诉我他没赢
What time does the movie start?	电影什么时候开始
After they argued, they didn't speak to each other for a week.	他们争吵后
I have to do my best.	我应该尽我的全力
Hi, my name is Tom. What's your name?	你好
He put his hand gently on her shoulder.	他把他的手温柔地放在她的肩上
We had a large audience.	我们有很多听众
Would you please look over my report?	你可以仔细检查一下我的报告吗
Tom went back to his bedroom.	汤姆回到了他的卧室
Is Tom a common name in your country?	在你们国家
Is there a hotel around here?	附近有酒店吗
I mistook him for his brother.	我把他误认为是他的兄弟
How much money have you got?	你有多少钱
Do you like Indian food?	你喜欢印度菜吗
She finished her work an hour in advance.	她提前一小时完成了工作
She looks unhappy.	她看起来不快乐
I like to travel alone.	我喜欢独自旅行
We think Tom will be back soon.	我们认为汤姆会很快回来
This booklet is free of charge.	这本小册子是免费的
This sofa takes up too much space.	这张沙发占了太多空间
She helped him overcome his sadness.	她帮助他平抚了他的悲伤
Karaoke is good for reducing stress.	卡拉
I had a strange dream.	我做了一个奇怪的梦
Do you keep a diary?	你记日记吗
Mom, I'm hungry.	妈妈
He was elected president.	他被选为总统
He dipped his spoon into the soup.	他把他的汤匙浸入汤里
I don't care what he does.	我不在乎他做什么
He took a walk before breakfast.	他在早餐之前散步
I can't drink milk.	我不可以喝牛奶
I want to learn how to swim.	我想学习如何游泳
There isn't going to be a next time.	不会再有下次了
My brother is watching TV.	我弟弟在看电视
Tom has spent the past three years in prison.	汤姆在监狱里待了三年
A woman visited us while you were sleeping.	您睡觉的时候
Everyone knows that I don't like Tom.	每个人都知道我不喜欢汤姆
Do you want pepper on it?	您吃不吃辣椒
How soon do you need it?	你多久后需要它
The cloth was dyed bright red.	布被染成鲜红
Tom doesn't want our help.	汤姆不想让我们帮忙
That pool really looks inviting.	那座泳池看来的确很吸引人
I don't think that I really have a problem.	我不认为我真的有问题
Can I have it?	可以给我吗
She is a good dancer.	她是一个很好的舞者
The crow flew away.	这只乌鸦飞走了
I don't want to hurt his feelings.	我并不想伤害他的感情
Tom closed his eyes.	汤姆闭上了眼睛
Tom died in the evening of the day he and Mary got married.	汤姆死在了他和玛丽结婚的那天傍晚
That's a pretty big assumption.	那是个很大的设想
What would you like?	你想要甚么
You have to sweep the floor.	你必须扫地
I cannot bring myself to do such a thing.	我不能让自己做这样的事
I wish I could help you.	但愿我可以帮助你
What are you saying?	你在说什么呢
Tom was popular.	汤姆挺受欢迎
Tom was ready to work.	汤姆准备去工作
He brought me coffee, when I had asked for tea.	我要的是茶
Examine this.	调查下这个
I'm used to staying up late at night.	我习惯晚睡
Let me try.	让我试试
My left eyelid is twitching.	我的左眼皮在跳
Tom is afraid of everyone.	汤姆害怕每个人
I found it difficult to read the book.	我发现读这本书很难
I don't think you ought to.	我认为你不应该
Everybody agrees with you.	大家都同意你
My grandmother mailed the letter this morning.	今天早上我祖母寄出了这封信
Do you really want it?	你真的想要吗
The first step is the hardest.	万事开头难
Tom went out for a walk with his dog.	汤姆带他的狗出去走
I'll pick you up at your home at five.	我五点到你家来接你
I don't like either tea or coffee.	我不喜欢茶也不喜欢咖啡
I have a few friends who speak French well.	我有一些法语说得好的朋友
I don't want to go to school.	我不想去学校
That was my mistake.	那是我的错
My eyesight is getting worse.	我的视力正慢慢下降
You underestimate your charisma.	你低估了你的魅力
He told me to speak more slowly.	他告诉我要说慢一点
He arrived after the bell rang.	铃响后他就到了
I'm glad that the thief was caught.	抓到小偷真是太好了
Tom got into trouble.	汤姆遇上麻烦了
Would you please come again later?	请您稍后再来好吗
Going out in this rain is out of the question.	在雨中走出去是不可能的
Stay out of my room.	别进我的房间
It isn't necessary for us to attend this lecture.	我们没有必要出席这个讲座
We used to go to the movies on Saturday evening.	我们曾经总在星期六傍晚去看电影
Tom suddenly looked concerned.	汤姆突然看起来在担心
Do you know when she will come?	你知道她什么时候会来吗
It rarely snows in this area.	这片区域很少下雪
You're a person.	你是人
You must leave now.	你现在必须离开
It was ten years ago that he first came to Japan.	他第一次来到日本是在十年前
Is it about ten o'clock?	大约十点钟吗
It's no big deal.	这没什么大不了的
I said shut up!	我说过了
I am looking for a present for my mother.	我正在为我的妈妈寻找礼物
He lives somewhere around the park.	他住在公园周围的某个地方
How do you feel about the issue?	你对这个问题有甚么感受
You must do it yourself.	你应该自己做
We saw monkeys at the zoo.	我们在动物园里看到了猴子
My brother became an engineer.	我哥哥成了一名工程师
This is a miracle.	这是一个奇迹
Where are your things?	你们的东西在哪里
Tom frequently talks in his sleep.	汤姆经常说梦话
Stop grumbling.	停止发牢骚吧
I have a bad headache today.	今天我头痛欲裂
Pay the cashier on the way out.	在出口处的收银台付款
The house I'm living in isn't very large.	我住的房子不是太大
I saw a woman in black.	我看见一个穿黑衣服的女人
I don't mind getting up at six.	我不在意在六点钟起床
I'm OK.	我没事
Do you have many friends?	你有很多朋友吗
Repairs will cost a lot of money.	修理将要花费很多钱
Tom's fearless.	汤姆无所畏惧
Tom didn't know what Mary thought about it.	汤姆不知道玛丽对它怎么想
You might meet him.	你可能会见到他
Tom didn't have time to finish his report.	汤姆没时间完成报告
You can't fire us.	你们不能炒了我们
Can you teach me how to fly?	你能教我飞吗
All that glitters is not gold.	发光的未必都是金子
If Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do, please let me know.	如果汤姆没有做他应当做的事
He offered his help to us.	他向我们提供了帮助
It is said the house is haunted.	据说这房子是个鬼屋
This book belongs to the library.	这本书是图书馆的
My house doesn't have a roof.	我的房子没有顶
They always fight over little things.	他们总是为了小事吵架
Tom is lonely.	汤姆很孤独
I'm looking for a native speaker who could help me correct this essay.	我正在寻找可以帮我修改这篇论文的母语人士
I don't do it anymore.	我已经不再做这个了
Pride comes before a fall.	骄兵必败
Who is that woman holding the flowers?	那个拿着花的女人是谁
The experiment confirmed his theory.	实验证明了他的理论
My sister is cooking in the kitchen.	我妹妹正在厨房做饭
Answer the question.	回答问题
You can eat whatever you like.	你可以吃你喜欢的东西
We try.	我们来试试
Tom showed us his new car.	汤姆给我们看他的新车
I can't make any sense of this.	我完全不明白
I was ashamed of my behavior.	我对自己的行为感到羞愧
Tom loves dogs.	汤姆喜欢狗
Hang on till I get to you.	坚持下去直到我找到你
Something must be wrong with the machinery.	这个机器一定有什么地方不对劲
When did this come about?	这事是什么时候发生的
Are you a high school student?	你是高中生吗
I envy you your luck.	我嫉妒你的幸运
I spent no more than three dollars.	我只花了三美元
Why does the US government let people have guns?	为什么美国政府让人们持有枪械
He is a teacher.	他是教师
I hope you can come.	我希望你能来
If you're wrong, then I'm wrong, too.	如果你错了
Those flowers have died.	那些花死了
What you're saying isn't logical.	你说的话在逻辑上有问题
I was totally confused.	我完全不懂
I ate breakfast at eight.	我八点钟吃了早餐
The project was a great success.	该计划是一个大成功
He was opposed to monopolies.	他曾经反对垄断
Give me the notebook.	把笔记本给我
I'm sorry that I didn't make myself clear.	对不起
I know that you like sports.	我知道你喜欢体育运动
I wish you had told me that.	但愿你告诉过我就好了
That white building is a hospital.	那栋白色的建筑物是一家医院
If someone irritates you, it is best not to react immediately.	如果有人激怒你
Tom worked hard to get the work done on time.	汤姆努力工作按时完成工作
You don't look too good.	你看上去不太好
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.	一个醉了的男人在长椅上睡觉
Even though I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.	虽然我享受打保龄球
I know what you're doing.	我知道你在做什么
It'll cost around ten thousand yen.	它将花费大约
I don't want to talk about the weather.	我不想谈论天气
What time does your office let you go home?	你们一般几点下班
You've got to set the alarm clock before you go to bed.	在你上床睡觉之前
She was frequently late for school.	她经常上学迟到
It's a real bargain.	真是物美价廉
Tom came back.	汤姆回来了
I think you're a lot stronger than you know.	我认为你比你想象的更强
I was about to leave when the doorbell rang.	门铃响的时候
Let's all pray together.	大家来一起祈祷吧
Tom doesn't have to go to Boston next week.	Tom	下星期不用去波士顿
She taught me how to swim.	她教我如何游泳
I'm not interested in you.	我对你不感兴趣
You are very brave.	您非常勇敢
I know him.	我认识他
I don't feel comfortable here.	我在这里感到不舒服
It is definite that he will go to America.	他肯定要去美国
I know those girls.	我认识那些女孩
English is useful in commerce.	英语在商业中很有用
I wrote down the address for you.	我给你写下了地址
She lives in a large house.	她住在一栋大房子里
Would you like to drink anything?	你想喝点什么吗
My father got married in his twenties.	我父亲在他二十多岁时结婚了
Do you want to have sushi tonight?	你今晚想吃寿司吗
London, where I live, used to be famous for its fog.	我住的地方
Please give me something to eat.	请给我点东西吃
It's a clear day.	天空很晴朗
What should they do in this situation?	在这种情况下
I have absolute faith in you.	我百分之百相信你
He has gone to Hokkaido.	他去北海道了
These dogs are big.	这些狗很大
I am responsible for the mistake.	我为这个错误负责
I've been here before.	我之前已经来过这里了
This is a good newspaper, isn't it?	这是份好报纸
Let's go!	走吧
Please say hello to your family.	带我向你家人问好
It's a pity that you couldn't come.	很遗憾你不能来
My stomach hurts.	我胃痛
He may have lost his way.	他可能迷路了
Tom cannot drive.	汤姆不能开车
How are you all?	你们好吗
This has nothing to do with me.	这不关我的事
Can you please tell me your name once more?	请问你能再告诉我一遍你的名字吗
There isn't any milk in the glass.	这个玻璃杯里没有任何的牛奶
Is the bank open?	银行开著吗
I usually walk to school.	一般我步行去学校
She has blue eyes.	她有双蓝眼睛
It's nearly six o'clock.	差不多六点了
Tom wondered why Mary was crying.	汤姆奇怪为什么玛丽哭
Do you have any Japanese magazines?	你有任何日本杂志吗
In Japan, it rains quite a bit during our rainy season which is from mid-June until mid-July.	在日本
Tom has no friends who are willing to help him.	汤姆没有愿意帮助他的朋友
Now tell us what we want to know.	现在告诉我们我们想知道的
The ship went up in flames.	船起了火
Where did you go last Sunday?	上周日你去哪儿了
Did you see the eclipse yesterday?	你看了昨天的月蚀了吗
I'm sorry I didn't reply to you sooner.	抱歉
The length of this ship is 30 meters.	这艘船的长度是
Tom fell into a vat of sulfuric acid.	Tom	摔倒进一桶硫酸中
I'll always remember your kindness.	我会永远记得你的好意
I want to go to the movies today.	我今天想去看电影
Go up the stairs.	上楼
The waves crashed against the rocks.	浪拍在岩石上
Tom is divorced and has a daughter.	Tom	离婚了
My brother is a first-year student.	我弟弟是个一年级的学生
I think what you're doing is wrong.	我觉得你正在做的是错的
I'm planning to study tonight.	我打算今天晚上读书
Why is Tom still at school?	为什么汤姆还在学校
That's clever.	好巧妙啊
He is acting on his own behalf.	他为自己的利益行事
He failed to answer the letter.	他没有回信
My passport was stolen.	我护照给偷了
You are always complaining.	你总是在抱怨
Do I have to stay in the hospital?	我必须留在医院吗
They're arguing again, you know.	你知道吗
My father is too busy to take a walk.	我父亲太忙而无法去散步
Tom thinks there's hope.	汤姆认为有希望
It cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired.	把我的电视机修好花了我一万日元
He is very brave.	他很勇敢
We went to the movies last night.	我们昨晚去看电影了
There was nothing left in the refrigerator.	冰箱里什么都没剩下
Do you read French every day?	你每天读法语吗
I saw him after ten years.	十年之后我看到了他
The birds were flying in a group.	鸟儿成群飞着
One more bottle of wine, please.	麻烦再来一瓶葡萄酒
You will not be able to catch the train.	你将无法赶上火车
Christmas is December 25th.	圣诞节是
Are you a bachelor?	你是单身吗
We've got a situation.	我们有情况了
You are not a coward.	你不是个懦夫
It is still fresh in my memory.	我仍然记忆犹新
You are my best friend.	你是我最好的朋友
I know what I'm doing.	我知道我在做什么
I feel unwell.	我感觉不舒服
This book is too difficult for you to read.	这本书对你来说读起来太难了
It is about time we bought a new microwave oven.	我们是时候买新的微波炉了
She got married at the age of seventeen.	她十七岁结婚
Liars must have a good memory.	骗子们必须有好记性
The fastest way to travel is by plane.	旅行最快的方式是乘飞机
You need to redecorate your room.	你需要装修你的房间
I have to get to sleep! I've got classes tomorrow.	我必须去睡觉了
We all fell asleep.	我们都睡着了
Put the eggs into the boiling water.	把蛋放入沸水中
Tom wanted to say goodbye.	汤姆想说声再见
Draw a line from A to B.	请画一条从
Why is the table so wobbly?	桌子为什么这么晃
Is it really worth it?	这真的值得吗
She was about to leave.	她正要出去
He set a precedent.	他开了先河
I've already put Tom to work on it.	我已经让汤姆去做它了
I wish you good luck.	祝您好运
All of you are familiar with the truth of the story.	你们所有的人都熟悉这个故事的真相
Did you give the key to Tom?	你把钥匙给汤姆了吗
Tom could've called the police.	汤姆本可以叫警察的
I went there yesterday.	我昨天去那儿了
Tom is my brother.	Tom	是我哥哥
Things are not clearly defined.	事情还没解释清楚
Pardon me, do you speak English?	对不起
Tom has just returned from the post office.	汤姆刚从邮局回来
He thinks that he is a great poet.	他自认为他自己是个伟大的诗人
Your sweater is inside out.	你毛衣穿反了哟
Please have a seat.	请坐一下
Mary has a bad back. It's hard for her to lift things.	玛丽的背不好
I don't understand German at all.	我一点也不懂德语
He didn't go and I didn't either.	他没有去
Tom isn't planning to stay.	汤姆不打算留下
I'll see you again this afternoon.	今天下午我会再见到你
This design is very ergonomic.	这个设计很人性化
The participants were for the most part women.	参与者大部分是女性
He's not home.	他不在家
Tom came to my office this morning.	汤姆今早来了我的办公室
Leave my car alone.	不要碰我的车
She has very few close friends.	她的密友很少
Goodbye!	再见
He extended his right arm.	他伸长了他的右手
We managed to get some foreign stamps.	我们设法得到一些外国的邮票
You're not to leave this room.	你不可以离开这个房间
Tom and Mary always work together as a team.	汤姆和玛丽总是在一个团队里工作
I'll play a sonata for you.	我要为你演奏一首奏鸣曲
When was she born?	她是什么时候出生的
Could you please repeat that?	能不能请你重复一下
You reap what you sow.	种什么因得什么果
I guess I waited too long.	我好像等太久了
Do you have a list of hotels?	你有旅馆名录吗
My purse has been stolen.	我的钱包被抢了
Stay put till I get to you.	待在原地
These shoes don't fit my feet.	这鞋不合我的脚
The pirates boarded the ship.	海盗们上了船
He said that if he knew her address, he would write to her.	他说如果他知道她的地址
Water is indispensable to life.	水是生命所不可缺少的
A cornered rat will bite a cat.	穷鼠囓狸
I'm the owner of this house.	我是这房子的主人
It is out of the question for you to go to New York this weekend.	这个周末去纽约对你来说是不可能的事
This rose is beautiful.	这玫瑰花很美丽
The kitten wants to come in.	小猫想进来
Translate the passage word for word.	逐字地翻译这个段落
Tom's coach likes him.	汤姆的教练喜欢他
After supper, I washed the dishes.	晚饭后我洗了餐具
Tom was sent back to Boston.	汤姆被送回了波士顿
He has lived here for one week.	他已经住在这里一个星期了
Tom puts gas in his car twice a week.	汤姆每周帮车子加两次油
Do you know why she's so angry?	你知道她为什么这么生气吗
It's absolutely impossible for me to go on like this.	让我像这样继续下去是绝对不可能的
I'm sorry for being late.	对不起
Do you realize what this means?	你知道这是甚么意思吗
Don't you want to use mine?	你不想用我的吗
I know that life is short.	我知道生命是短暂的
Please come over if you have time.	如果你有时间的话
You should set a good example for your children.	你应该给你的孩子们树立好榜样
I need more butter.	我需要更多黄油
I wonder how many Canadians live in Boston.	我在想有多少加拿大人住在波士顿
What subjects do you like best?	你最喜欢什么科目
That's not important to me.	那对我不重要
Would you mind if I used your car?	如果用了你的车
Our garden was full of weeds.	我们的花园布满了杂草
It serves you right.	自作自受
I have no time.	我没时间
Are you coming along with us?	你要跟我们一起来吗
What happened today?	今天发生了什么事
Here is a book.	这里有一本书
You'd better consult the doctor.	您最好请教一下医生
You cannot have your cake and eat it, too.	既要马好
My father often washes the dishes.	我爸爸常常洗碗
Others are less optimistic.	其他人不那么乐观
I don't want to miss my train.	我不想错过我的火车
She had already gone when I arrived.	当我到的时候
I found a good place to buy fruit a couple of days ago.	前几天我发现了一个买水果的好地方
I can't deal with this problem anymore.	我不能再管这问题了
Tom doesn't speak much French.	汤姆说法语说得不太好
I have no way of knowing that.	我无从得知
Wake me up at seven.	七点叫醒我
I can't take this pain anymore.	我不能再承受这种痛苦
There was a castle here many years ago.	许多年前这里有一座城堡
I've never been to New York, and my sister hasn't, either.	我从没去过纽约
I've missed another chance.	我又失去了一次机会
There wasn't anyone in the room.	房间里没有人
I have mislaid my baggage.	我的行李丢了
Other people's expectations affect how we behave.	其他人的期望会影响我们的行为
I doubt that Tom will ever learn how to speak French properly.	我对汤姆要持之以恒地学习法语口语这件事很怀疑
Do you want to hear it?	您想听它吗
That was you, wasn't it?	那就是你
Do not read while walking.	不要边走边看书
I had a weird dream last night.	我昨晚做了一个奇怪的梦
Tomorrow's weather should be sunny with occasional rain.	明天天气晴转阵雨
Don't do this to me again.	别再对我做这事了
I'm saving up to buy a new car.	我在省钱买新车
You don't need to do this.	你不需要做这事
She taught me how to write a poem.	她教我如何写诗
I am tired of my work.	我厌倦了我的工作
We have to pick a name for the child.	我们要给孩子起个名字
Swimming makes your legs stronger.	游泳使腿部强健
I am an only child.	我是独生子
When you hurt others, you also hurt yourself.	你若是伤害别人
I don't like his affected manner of speaking.	我不喜欢他做作的说话方式
The blouse costs twelve libras.	这件衬衫卖十二英镑
Will you drive me home?	你会开车送我回家吗
The prisoner was released.	囚犯重获自由
She's a middle-aged fat woman.	她是个中年胖女人
They're speaking French.	他们在说法语
Suddenly, everything fell silent.	突然间
You don't understand.	你不懂
Why don't I call you?	我为什么不给你打电话
Did you hear your name called?	你听见有人叫你的名字吗
It was dark when I reached the hotel.	我到旅馆的时候
I don't have any enemies.	我没有敌人
I bought it last week.	我上周买了它
Today, many people worry about losing their jobs.	今天
Tom looked Mary in the eye.	汤姆看着玛丽的眼睛
I thought my head would explode.	我觉得我的头要炸了
I'd rather be poor than rich.	我更愿意贫穷而不是富裕
I was kept waiting for nearly half an hour.	我等了接近半小时
A spark caused the gunpowder to explode.	一点火花让火药爆炸
You should learn to control your emotions.	你应该学会控制自己的情绪
I'm a foreigner.	我是一个外国人
My grandmother has a green thumb.	我祖母是个园艺巧手
He made his way to the minister.	他设法当上了部长
My parents have gone to the airport to see my uncle off.	我父母去机场送我叔叔了
Nobody knows why.	没人知道为什么
Tom tricked Mary into doing his work for him.	汤姆哄玛丽做他的作业
Don't make a fool of me.	别把人家当傻瓜
How is it going?	你们好吗
I don't have the address with me.	我身上没带这个地址
Tom, I want to talk to Mary.	汤姆
I felt my heart beating rapidly.	我感觉我的心跳得很快
Swimming is easy for me.	游泳对我来说很容易
I was truly astonished.	我真是惊讶
My father is very much involved in the stock market now.	我爸爸现在非常专注于股市
Clean the dirt off the mirror.	清理镜子上的灰尘
After a long argument, I finally persuaded her to go camping.	经过长久的争论
My room faces the garden.	我的房间面向花园
It is more blessed to give than to receive.	赠与比接受更让人觉得幸福
I cannot afford to buy a car.	我买不起一辆车
Tom has been gone for ages.	汤姆年纪大去世了
I took the elevator to the third floor.	我乘电梯上三楼
This zipper doesn't zip smoothly.	这拉链卡卡的
I can't keep up with Tom.	我跟不上汤姆
A hungry pig dreams of acorns.	饥饿的猪梦到橡树子
We've never had this problem before.	我们从前从没有过这个问题
I hope so.	我希望如此
She prefers beer to wine.	她喜欢啤酒胜过葡萄酒
The President refused to answer the question.	总统拒绝回答那个问题
Someone told me about that.	有人跟我说这件事
I don't know if I have time to do it.	我不知道我是否有时间做
I am going to watch TV this evening.	今天晚上我打算看电视
I haven't finished my homework yet.	我还没有完成我的作业
Zimbabwe was once a colony of Britain.	津巴布韦曾经是英国的殖民地
Tom said that Mary likes driving.	汤姆说玛丽喜欢驾车
I'm sorry that I misunderstood you.	我很抱歉误会了您
This dictionary is mine.	这本字典是我的
He doesn't know how to play golf.	他不知道如何打高尔夫球
I'm a high school student.	我是个高中生
No one's going to see us.	没有人会看到我们
It's difficult for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.	法语说得快
Your hair's beautiful.	你的头发很漂亮
Tom tried to kiss me, but I didn't let him.	汤姆要亲我
I have lost my watch.	我把我的表丢了
Wouldn't you like to eat?	你不想吃饭吗
I hate wine.	我讨厌酒
We went to the beach last week.	我们上周去了海滩
It was a quiet night.	那是一个安静的夜晚
I haven't seen you in ages.	我已经好久没有见到你了
This has nothing to do with you.	这与你无关
Please stay here till I get back.	请待在这里直到我回来
She accused me of making a mistake.	她指责我犯了错
As far as I know, your letter is under that book.	据我所知
I have heard nothing from him yet.	我没有他的任何消息
He studied abroad.	他出国留学了
He fell asleep with the radio on.	他睡著了但收音机还开著
Our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard.	我们的数学老师在黑板上画了一个圆
I got up at five that morning.	那天早上我五点起床
I am a teacher.	我是个老师
Please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning.	原谅我早上这么早给你打电话
The storm prevented us from arriving on time.	暴风妨碍了我们准时到达
How much does a kilo of bananas cost?	一公斤香蕉多少钱
My parents live in Australia.	我的父母住在澳大利亚
Tom cleared his throat and continued to speak.	汤姆咳嗽了一下然后接着讲
Prices are going up.	物价上涨了
It is difficult to speak three languages.	说三种语言是很困难的
He doesn't have any friends to play with.	他没有任何朋友玩
I saw Tom three hours ago.	我在三小时前见过汤姆
Think about tomorrow.	请思考一下明天
I went to a park this morning.	今天早上我去了公园
She caught colds often.	她常常感冒
Tom didn't sound too worried.	汤姆听起来不太担心
We must never confuse the two.	我们决不能混淆两者
Christmas is soon, right?	圣诞节很快就到了
He did not speak unless spoken to.	除非有人跟他说话
There's nothing to be afraid of.	没什么好怕的
My sister made me a beautiful doll.	我妹妹做了一个漂亮的娃娃给我
This little girl let the birds escape.	这个小女孩让小鸟脱逃了
They asked for an increase of salary.	他们要求加薪
The library is one of my favorite places.	图书馆是我最喜欢去的地方之一
We're used to staying up late.	我们习惯熬夜
I gave them one thousand yen each.	我给了他们每个人一千日元
He likes watching TV.	他喜欢看电视
She will care for you from now on.	从现在开始
We'll probably be the first ones there.	我们可能是最先到那里的
You should be good to your neighbors.	你应该对邻居好点
I need you to promise that you'll do what I ask you to do.	我需要你承诺你会照我说的话去做
This is an exception to the rule.	这是一个例外
Tom waited outside.	汤姆在外面等
He broke in on our conversation.	他打断了我们的谈话
These things aren't mine!	这些东西不是我的
Tom is a good person.	Tom	是一个好人
I thought that the questions were easy.	我认为这些问题很容易
Let's go now.	我们现在去吧
The picture looks better at a distance.	这幅画远看更好
The river's water level has risen.	河的水位上升了
How did you know I like Tom?	你怎么知道我喜欢汤姆
Is French easy to learn?	法语好学吗
She fainted when she saw blood.	她看见血就晕了
Did you hear my son play the violin?	您听见我儿子拉小提琴了吗
I have a dictionary.	我有个字典
Are you free?	你有空吗
Have you found your contact lenses?	你找到你的隐形眼镜了吗
He glanced at his watch.	他看了一眼他的表
A hundred years is called a century.	一百年被叫做一个世纪
They're ignoring me.	他们不理我
I learned a lot from his books.	我从他的书学到了很多
I think you're dumb.	我认为你傻
He has made the baseball team.	他已经成为了棒球队员
What do you usually do with your friends?	你一般和朋友一起做什么
We have three children.	我们有三个孩子
I can't sleep at night.	我有失眠症
The sky grew darker and darker.	天空变得越来越暗了
Hang on.	坚持
Tom is in the living room, sleeping on the couch.	汤姆在客厅
Tom is only pretending he's not interested.	汤姆只是在装没兴趣
Spring will be here soon.	春天快来了
"Where have you been?" "I've been to the barber's."	你去哪儿了
Tom has a plan.	汤姆有个计划
She was dressed in wool.	她穿著羊毛衣
My fingers are so numb with cold that I can't play the piano.	我的手指冻僵了
We have no classes on Wednesday afternoons.	我们周三下午没课
This is a comfortable chair.	这是一张舒适的椅子
There's nothing that can be done.	没办法
Play us a tune.	给我们弹一手
One man's meat is another man's poison.	甲之蜜糖
I don't want to live my life in fear.	我不想在恐惧中生活
Tom grows strawberries in his garden.	汤姆在他的院子里种着草莓
You'd better consult the doctor.	你最好请教一下医生
Is it poisonous?	它有毒吗
It is like looking for a needle in a haystack.	这好比大海捞针
I like mathematics.	我喜欢数学
Tom often doesn't keep his promises.	汤姆经常不守约
Long skirts are out of fashion now.	现在长裙过时了
My friends invited me to supper.	我朋友邀我共赴晚餐
When did you go to bed last night?	你昨天几点睡的
I would like to improve my English pronunciation.	我想改善我的英语发音
Let me have a try.	让我试试
Please shut the door behind you.	请随手关门
The room was illuminated with red lights.	这个房间被红色的灯照亮了
I always go to school on foot.	我总是走路到学校
Nice to meet you.	很高兴认识你
I'm 30 years old now.	我现在
I hear she's a famous actress.	我听说她是个有名的演员
You must keep your eyes open.	你得留意一下
Let's fly a kite.	让我们放风筝
Do you like juice?	你喜欢果汁吗
Let's not talk about it any more.	让我们不要再谈论它了
Tom plays the violin well.	汤姆拉小提琴拉得很好
Can you hear me?	你听得见吗
She's very beautiful.	她非常漂亮
If I lost my key, I wouldn't be able to lock the door.	如果我弄丢了我的钥匙
We have to get through this.	我们要了结此事
He left his luggage at the station.	他把他的行李留在车站
Is it hard to speak English?	说英语很难吗
This system has obvious defects.	这个系统有些明显的缺陷
You're a good leader.	你是个好的领导人
Get out of this house.	滚出房子
The small hill turned out to be an ancient burial mound 2,000 years old.	这座小山丘原来是一座两千多年的古墓
I didn't know that Tom was going to be arrested.	我不知道汤姆要被逮捕了
You'd better go now.	你最好现在就走
How long has he been absent?	他不在这有多久了
He wants to work in a hospital.	他想在医院工作
China is twenty times as large as Japan.	中国是日本的
The lady tolerated the man.	那女士容忍了那男人
There is no place like home.	金窝银窝不如自己的狗窝
It was a quiet winter evening.	这是个静谧的冬夜
She went to the park with him.	她跟他去公园了
I can't stop it.	我无法阻止它
After she had lunch, she got ready to go out.	吃过午饭后
I no longer love you.	我不再爱你了
Be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to London.	别忘了一到伦敦就给我们留言啊
I'm very happy to meet you.	认识您很高兴
It is raining.	下雨了
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part.	奥运会最重要的不是获胜
Try it once again.	再试一次
Tom began to speak.	汤姆开始说话
Don't lie to Tom and me.	不要对我和汤姆撒谎
How is everybody doing?	大家好吗
Your suggestion seems reasonable.	你的建议似乎是合理的
Maybe you're right.	你可能是对的
He went by bicycle.	他骑脚踏车去
I suspect Tom is tired of doing that.	我怀疑汤姆已经厌烦这么做了
Could I have another glass of beer?	我可以再喝一杯啤酒吗
Leaves are falling.	叶子正在落下来
What time do you usually get up?	你通常什么时候起床
I'm going to tell you the truth.	我要告诉你真相
I need to know what you think.	我需要知道你怎么想
She got out of the car.	她从车里出来了
Doctors have discovered some startling facts.	医生发现了一些令人吃惊的事实
Where is the ticket window?	售票窗口在哪里
He parked his car in front of the building.	他把车停在大楼前
Tom made a sandwich.	汤姆做了个三明治
Is there anybody in the house?	家里有没有人
Put this jacket on, and you'll be much warmer.	穿上外套吧
Tom needs the money right away.	汤姆现在就需要钱
I invited my friends to dinner.	我邀请我的朋友吃晚餐
I'm really cold.	我真的冷
You can park here.	这里可以停车
I just don't want to lose you.	我只是不想失去你
Fluency in English is a must.	流利的英语是必须的
It's a surprise.	这是一个惊喜
Your memory isn't too good.	您记性不太好
Plastic does not burn easily.	塑料不易燃烧
A crowd gathered at the scene.	一群人聚集在现场
That's true.	这是真的
Do you have a shoehorn?	你有鞋拔子吗
We had to stay home because of the storm.	因为暴风雨的关系
He broke up the chair for firewood.	他摔断了椅子当柴火
This hotel does not serve lunch.	这家旅馆不提供午餐
She's in the restroom.	她在上厕所
We got permission to park here.	我们有在这里停车的许可
Tom and I wrote a book together.	汤姆跟我一起写了一本书
I have to go to the hospital.	我需要去医院
I'll give you a book.	我会给你一本书
Is it a recent picture?	那是一张近照吗
I've got a bike.	我有一辆自行车
We have to find out where Tom is.	我们必须查明汤姆在哪里
I'm sober.	我很清醒
Why couldn't you sleep last night?	为什么你昨晚睡不着
I saw it with my own eyes.	我亲眼看见了
I get up at 6:30 on school days.	他在上学的日子里
He is the same age as me.	他和我同岁
I just ate sushi and drank beer.	我刚才吃了寿司喝了啤酒
He got a master's degree in law.	他得到了法律硕士学位
I wouldn't buy that for Tom.	我不会给汤姆买那东西
I don't know any blind men.	我不认识任何一个盲人
Do not give in to those demands.	不要屈服于这些要求
Water boils at 100 degrees.	水在摄氏
Don't you know that?	你不知道那件事吗
Tom can't work this evening.	汤姆今晚不能工作
There is little chance of his winning.	他赢的机会极小
Tom seems quiet.	汤姆看起来安静
I think he's happy.	我想他很快乐
I thought he loved you, but as it is, he loved another girl.	我以为他爱你
Do you want wine?	你要酒吗
The door is locked at nine o'clock.	九点钟锁门
Let's meet at one o'clock.	让我们在一点见面
I'm very worried about my weight.	我很担心我的体重
I found the field trip very educational.	我发现实地考察很有教育意义
It was an advantage having learned Chinese while I was in school.	在学校时我学了中文是个优势
I'm surprised that you don't know about their marriage.	我很惊讶
She has a pure heart.	她有一颗纯洁的心
I can't bear to deal with her anymore.	我再也忍受不了她了
The problem is that solar energy costs too much.	问题是
Tom wondered where Mary had learned French.	汤姆想知道玛丽在哪里学会了法语
I'm glad you came over.	我很高兴你回来了
Her toy was broken by her little sister.	她的玩具是被她妹妹弄坏的
Tom was buried Monday.	汤姆在周一被埋了
You will soon get used to speaking in public.	你很快就会习惯在公开场合讲话了
This desk is mine.	这张书桌是我的
Tom gave me something to read.	汤姆给了我一些东西读
She became happy.	她变得高兴起来
It's great.	真是太好了
Tom wants to talk.	汤姆想说话
Louder, please.	请大声一点
Write down the medicine you need on this piece of paper.	将你需要的药物写在这张纸上
I'll explain everything to you.	我会向你全部解释清楚的
We all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man.	我们都想知道她为什么甩了这么好的一个男人
No student is allowed to enter the room.	学生不准进入这个房间
I don't know about the others, but as for me, I'm for it.	我不知道别人如何
She's seventeen.	她十七岁了
Mary said that she loved me, but I didn't believe her.	玛丽说她爱我
This law is applicable to all cases.	此法适用于所有情况
He's a good person.	他是个好人
No one knows.	谁也不知道
He predicted there would be rain.	他预测会下雨
Everyone was okay.	大家都还行
I ran away in a hurry.	我赶快跑走了
Tom is too tired to help you do that today.	汤姆今天太累
Are you a teacher?	你是老师吗
Tom and I aren't friends. We're just coworkers.	汤姆跟我不是朋友
Thank you for telling me the truth.	谢谢你告诉我真相
This diamond isn't real.	这颗钻石不是真的
I am writing a letter.	我正在写一封信
I've been told that you're a very competent person.	有人说你是个很有能力的人
Reading books is interesting.	看书很有意思
Tom doesn't work here.	汤姆不在这里工作
I don't have anyone who'd travel with me.	我没有一个愿意跟我一起旅行的人
You shouldn't share too much private information on the social networks.	你不应该在社交网络上分享过多私人信息
He was happy at the news of her success.	听到她成功的消息
She cannot be over thirty.	她不可能超过
People of all ages like this song.	这首歌老少皆宜
That's your responsibility.	这是您的义务
We let him keep the dog.	我们让他养狗
Who threw a stone at my dog?	谁朝我的狗扔的石子
How about tomorrow night at nine?	明天晚上九点怎么样
I asked him for a favor.	我请他帮忙
He was alone there.	他独自在那里
My first day in the university was rather boring.	我大学里的第一天相当没意思
Not all of the passengers escaped injury.	并非所有的乘客都免于受伤
Tom is very good at doing things with his hands.	汤姆善于用手做事
Since I was sick, I didn't go to school.	由于我生病了
I think I lost my keys.	我觉得我把钥匙丢了
I have no clue.	我一无所知
He showed me her picture.	他给我看了她的照片
He's very straightforward.	他说话很直接
He likes to go to the beach now and then.	他喜欢偶尔去海边
I belong to the drama club.	我参加戏剧社
Look there.	看那里
Tom has expressed similar ideas.	汤姆也表示了相似观点
Tom seems to forget everything.	汤姆好像什么都会忘
He ate a box of chocolates.	他吃了一盒巧克力
Do you have any drinks?	有什么喝的吗
He changed schools last year.	去年他换了学校
How long does it take to walk to your house from here?	从这里步行到你家要多长时间
There were three survivors.	有三个幸存者
I don't remember where I bought it.	我记不起来我在哪里买的了
Are you aware of how much she loves you?	你知道她有多么爱你吗
I tried to tell you.	我试著要告诉你
How did you do that?	那你是怎么做的
How did you know I was with Tom?	你怎么知道我和汤姆在一起
You shouldn't eat too much candy.	你不应该吃太多糖果
He wrote down the telephone number.	他写下这个电话号码了
It's not a bug. It's an undocumented feature.	这不是一个漏洞
I would never let you down.	我永远不会让你失望
I looked at my notes.	我看了自己的笔记
How are you feeling this morning?	你今天早上感觉如何
After I talked with my teacher, I decided to work hard.	跟我的老师谈过后
She ought to have arrived by now.	她现在应该已经到了
I am happy to see you here.	我很高兴在这里看到你
I've got one brother and two sisters.	我有一个兄弟和两个姐妹
They give good service at that restaurant.	那家餐馆提供良好的服务
They obtained a yield of 8 percent on their investment.	他们在这次的投资中得到百分之八的收益
You're not fast enough.	你不够快
I don't fear death.	我不怕死
Cats hate to get wet.	猫讨厌被弄湿
Sooner or later, we'll know the truth.	我们迟早会知道真相
That job is pretty much finished.	那个工作几乎被完成了
That man died of lung cancer a week ago.	那个男人在一周前死于肺癌
The kettle is boiling.	茶壶沸了
I hate fish.	我讨厌鱼
This is the house where she used to live.	这是她曾经住过的房子
Tom probably doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.	汤姆大概不知道为什么野餐取消了
We don't have too much time.	我们没有太多时间
I want to go to America some day.	有一天我要去美国
There isn't any solution.	无解
Entering the house, I tripped over the mat.	进家门后
Tom couldn't hold back his anger.	汤姆没法压抑自己的怒火了
Bring him to me.	把他给我带过来
He's curious about everything.	他对什么都感好奇
Umbrellas sell well.	雨伞卖得好
Everyone should go.	每个人都该走
How about something cold to drink?	喝点冷饮怎样
That's the man who lives next door.	那是住在隔壁的男人
Dog is man's best friend.	狗是人类最好的朋友
I'm listening to music.	我正在听音乐
There are some strange animals in the zoo.	动物园里有很多奇怪的动物
I don't like movies.	我不喜欢电影
Because of the snow, I couldn't see anything.	因为下雪了
Mary is helping her mother.	玛丽正在帮忙她的母亲
She has blue eyes.	她眼睛是蓝色的
It's clear that you're wrong.	很明显地你错了
I'm asking what your opinion is.	我在问你的选择是甚么
What has brought you here?	是什么风把你吹来了啊
I only wanted to do some good.	我只想做好事
What do you want to tell me?	你想跟我说什么
Is it true Tom can't read or write?	汤姆真的不会读也不会写吗
It's awfully hot today.	今天非常热
No one came except Tom.	除了汤姆没有人来
I am convinced that he is innocent.	我相信他是无辜的
I am going to Hawaii next year.	我明年要去夏威夷
Mary went down to the kitchen.	玛丽下楼到厨房
I cut a branch from the tree.	我从树上砍下了一根树枝
Have you ever dreamed about me?	你梦见过我吗
French is my mother tongue.	法语是我的母语
Tom often goes cross-country skiing.	Tom	经常滑雪穿过城市
Is this a river?	这是一条河吗
He is a famous baseball player.	他是一位著名的棒球选手
I'd like to pay by check.	我想用支票付款
She got good grades in English.	她在英文上取得了很好的成绩
Where's the telephone book?	电话簿在哪里
I want you to not go to Boston with Tom.	我要你别和汤姆去波士顿
Many people were killed in the war.	很多人在战争中被杀
Why are you alone?	你为什么一个人
It's sort of strange.	有点奇怪
Tom bought a ticket.	汤姆买了张票
Is that not enough?	不够吗
There are some books on the desk.	书桌上有几本书
You can go.	您可以走了
I won't tell Tom what he should do.	我不会告诉汤姆他该做什么
What do you do on Sundays?	你星期天都做什么
Learning French isn't hard.	学法语不难
In recent years, science has made remarkable progress.	这几年
I like you very much.	我非常喜欢你
Many people are still missing.	很多人依旧失踪
Car exhaust causes serious pollution in towns.	汽车尾气在城镇里造成了严重的污染
Isn't Tom from Australia?	汤姆不是澳洲来的吗
Would you like to be my friend?	你想做我的朋友吗
The enemy dropped many bombs on the factory.	敌人在工厂投下了很多炸弹
You're kidding!	你开玩笑吧
Tom told me that he'd love to help.	汤姆告诉我他很乐意帮助
It is less humid today than it was yesterday.	今天没有昨天潮湿
Don't just whine, do something!	别只顾着哭
To live without air is impossible.	没有空气生活是不可能的
We have a lot of rain in June and July.	六七月份雨很多
It is the things that we do not possess which seem to us most desirable.	得不到的东西就最想得到
Your face is familiar to me.	我对你的脸很熟悉
I don't know when she got married.	我不知道她是什么时候结婚的
She looks very elegant.	她看上去十分优雅
I wish he would write more often.	我希望他来信更勤些
It doesn't surprise me.	这并不让我惊讶
Tom begged me to let him go home early.	汤姆求我让他早点回家
Whose book is this?	这书是谁的
I'm going to make you a drink.	我去弄饮料给你
What fruit do you like the best?	您最喜欢什么水果
She was ashamed of herself for her carelessness.	她为自己的粗心感到羞耻
How about another piece of cake?	要不要再来一块蛋糕
The police will put you in prison.	警方将把你关在监狱里
Who's going to clean up tonight?	今晚谁要打扫
The men's room is on the second floor.	男厕所在二楼
Cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult.	把蛋糕等分切开挺难的
Give me a dozen oranges.	给我一打橘子
She kept him waiting half an hour.	她让他等了半小时
He will be my deputy while I am away.	我不在的时候
Who gave this to you?	这谁给你的
That river is dangerous.	那条河是危险的
I'm sorry to trouble you.	我很抱歉打扰你了
America is a land of immigrants.	美国是一个移民国家
Tom was admiring my new car at the time the truck crashed into it.	在汤姆欣赏我的新车的同时
My father bought me a bicycle.	我父亲给我买了一辆自行车
Someone yelled for help.	有人呼救
Tom is fluent in three languages.	汤姆掌握了三种语言
She was always quarreling with her brothers.	她一直和她的兄弟争吵
He is going to run for mayor.	他将竞选市长
This last song is one I wrote for my wife.	最后一首歌是我为妻子写的一首
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.	这本书是给母语不是日语的学生的
Tokyo is a big city.	东京是一个很大的城市
You're the only one who can protect them.	只有你能保护他们
What kind of woman do you think I am?	你认为我是哪种女人
I'm curious.	我很好奇
Tom was the one that told us about the problem.	汤姆是告诉我们问题的人
I'm going to miss that.	我要失去它了
The pain has started to ease now.	痛开始减轻了
Tom needs to study more if he hopes to pass this class.	汤姆如果想通过这门课
I always have coffee and toast for breakfast.	我的早餐总是咖啡和土司
I won't let him come here again.	我不会再让他来这里
He's not an idiot.	他不是傻的
I'm staying for another few weeks.	我还要再待几个星期
I'm not good at cooking.	我不擅长做饭
I couldn't get him to stop smoking.	我无法让他停止吸烟
Tom didn't wear jeans yesterday.	汤姆昨天没穿牛仔裤
I found the new magazine very interesting.	我发现这本新杂志非常有趣
Please wait a little while.	请稍等一下
I miss Mary's cooking.	我想念
This book is too expensive for me.	这本书对我而言太贵了
I'll not be at home next Sunday.	我下周日不在家
What's it made from?	这是什么做的
I am going to see him today.	今天我要去看他
Tom doesn't have a microwave oven.	汤姆没有微波炉
I get two hours' exercise every day.	我每天做两个小时的运动
What do you intend to do?	你想做什么
Have you bought a raffle ticket yet?	你买彩票了吗
Bring me the dictionary.	把那本词典递给我
The cat is watching the fish.	猫看着鱼
I bought a camera the other day.	我前几天买了一台照相机
We got the meeting over with quickly.	我们很快的结束了这个会议
Tom needs to be very careful.	汤姆需要很小心
I don't know where he comes from.	我不知道他从哪里来
Tom's new girlfriend is a vegetarian.	汤姆新的女朋友是素食主义者
This knife is very sharp.	这把刀很锋利
My right hand is numb.	我的右手麻了
It makes no difference to me whether he comes or not.	他来不来对我来说没区别
I got a shave and a haircut.	我刮了胡子并理了发
The old man sat down.	老人坐了下来
I've just arrived at the airport.	我刚刚抵达了机场
No matter what you say, the answer is "no."	不管你说什么
I grew up in Boston.	我在波士顿成长
Did you have a good time on your trip to London?	你在伦敦玩得开心吗
The visitor sat across from me.	访客坐在我的对面
I don't know whether she will come.	我不知道她是否会来
Keep on working.	继续工作
The wind is cold today.	今天刮冷风
An angle of 90 degrees is called a right angle.	90	度的角叫直角
He is terrible at math.	他的数学很不好
Even a child could do it.	连小孩儿都会做
The old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century.	山上的老教堂的历史可以追溯到
I want to play the guitar.	我想弹吉他
There are many ships in the harbor.	港口内有许多船
He likes adventure.	他喜欢冒险
There's someone who wants to meet you.	有一个人想见你
Have you lost your way?	您迷路了吗
Where is the longest tunnel in Japan?	日本最长的隧道在哪里
Only one third of the members turned up at the meeting.	仅三分之一的成员出席了会议
I don't eat oranges.	我不吃橙子
Back off!	后退
Tom can swim faster than anyone else I know.	汤姆是我认识的人当中游泳最快的
Well, let's go.	好吧
What is the name of that river?	这条河叫什么名字
Tom lived in that small house for a little over ten years.	汤姆在那间小房子里住了十多年
It is difficult to give up smoking.	戒烟难
We can take Tom.	我们可以带上汤姆
She got married against her father's will.	她违背了她父亲的意愿结了婚
I've tried to contact Tom.	我试过去联系汤姆
The snow has disappeared.	雪消失了
I don't want to sleep.	我不想睡觉
I'm so tired.	我好累
Tom helped Mary move the furniture.	汤姆帮玛丽移动家具
Where's the nearest telephone booth?	最近的电话亭在哪里
What are you doing?	搞什么啊
A boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father.	十七岁的男孩常常长得和他父亲一样高
She made him a new suit.	她为他做了一套新衣服
I'm going to bed. Good night.	我要睡觉了
Are you okay?	你没事吧
The world is full of idiots.	世界上都是白痴
Tom laid the newspaper on the table.	汤姆把报纸放在桌上
There's no salt left.	盐没了
I didn't even know Tom had left.	我甚至不知道汤姆离开了
Tom's thrilled.	汤姆兴奋不已
This piano has probably not been tuned for years.	这台琴应该好多年没调过音了
Has she ever fallen in love?	她曾经坠入过爱河吗
Tom didn't know what he'd done was against the rules.	汤姆不知道他的所作所为违反了规则
Tom asked Mary to stop working.	汤姆要求玛丽停止工作
There's a hotel across the street.	对街有一家旅馆
Would you please write with a ballpoint pen?	你能用圆珠笔写吗
My hobby is collecting stamps.	我的嗜好是集邮
The truth is that nothing is totally true or false.	真相是没有甚么完全正确或错误
I hope no one saw me dancing.	我希望没人看见我跳舞
I'll pay the bill.	我来付账
We haven't seen anyone.	我们谁也没看见
I need a new toothbrush.	我需要一把新的牙刷
I wasn't alone then.	我当时不孤单
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
Grab Tom.	抓住汤姆
He got wet from the waist to the knees.	他从腰部到膝盖都湿了
Let me introduce myself.	请允许我自我介绍一下
The accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow.	事故似乎和厚厚的积雪有关
What does he say in his letter?	他在信上说什么
I ran into Mary at a party last week.	上星期在一次派对中我遇到了玛丽
Let them decide.	让他们决定
She is weak by nature.	她天生体弱
I'm looking for a job.	我在找工作
Life today is fast-moving and complex.	今日的生活是迅息万变和复杂的
He will be coming to the party.	他会来参加派对
Take the road on the right.	走右边的道路
I think skateboards are usually cheaper than rollerblades.	我觉得一般滑板比轮滑鞋便宜
I want you to tell me the truth.	我想你把真相告诉我
You've got a visitor.	你有客人
Tell her that I am watching the news.	跟她说我正在看新闻
It's just a dream.	只是一场梦罢了
Thanks for everything.	感谢你做的所有事
Tom wants Mary to study harder.	汤姆想让玛丽更努力地学习
The moon was full last night.	昨晚月亮圆
He came to pick me up.	他来接我走
I've enjoyed reading this novel.	我喜欢读这本小说
I'm sorry, I left my homework at home.	抱歉
Tom broke three dishes.	汤姆打碎了三个盘子
I'm your partner.	我是你的伙伴
Farmers always complain about the weather.	农民总是抱怨天气
Open fire!	开火
We've had this discussion before.	我们以前讨论过
I like this color, too.	我也喜欢这个颜色
Fancy meeting you here!	想不到会在这里遇见你
We have a party tomorrow evening.	明天晚上我们有一个派对
I was supposed to go to school.	我该去上学
There are a lot of eggs in the box.	这个盒子里有很多蛋
Tom told Mary his age.	汤姆告诉玛丽他的年龄
I'll treat you to dinner.	晚饭我请客
I have to go to the toilet.	我要上厕所
I lost the watch that my father gave me.	我把爸爸给我的表弄丢了
May I leave now?	我现在能走了吗
Tom isn't very good at speaking French.	汤姆说法语说得不太好
I am thinking of going abroad.	我在考虑出国
I prefer spring to autumn.	我喜欢春天胜过秋天
It's no use arguing about it.	争论是它是没有用的
My brother won't be at home tomorrow.	我的兄弟明天不在家
The police are checking their bags.	警察正在检查他们的包
We don't like the rain.	我们不喜欢下雨
When can you come to my home?	你什么时候能来我家
The station is two miles away.	车站离这里两英里远
Here is your change.	这是你零钱
There is no connection between them.	两者没有关联
Should I buy something for him?	我应该买些东西给他吗
Do you believe in ghosts?	你相信有幽灵吗
Why do I have to do that?	我为什么一定要那么做
We depend on you.	我们可全指望你了
I'm the only one who can do that.	我是唯一能做到那个的人
Evidently, it's going to rain tomorrow.	明天肯定会下雨
I wrote my mother a letter.	我写了一封信给我的母亲
We'll know the truth before long.	我们不久将知道真相
How long does it take to get to the train station?	去火车站要多久
Do you have this in a bigger size?	你有比这个再大一点的尺寸吗
When he was a child, he would go fishing on Sundays.	他小时候
What does this word mean?	这个词是什么意思
That's the computer he used to write the article.	那就是那台他用来写文章的电脑
She showers every morning.	她每天早上都冲澡
Your account is empty.	你的账户空了
I'm so happy.	我好高兴
I went there to see her.	我去那里看望她
Tom complains all the time.	汤姆老是发牢骚
I'd like to go.	我想要去
I still can't believe you're married.	我仍然无法相信你结婚了
Are you here on business?	你来这里出差的
Production of rice has decreased.	米的产量减少了
Is ten thousand yen enough?	一万日元够吗
This shirt needs ironing.	这衬衫需要熨
You must be more careful about spelling and punctuation.	你得要更注意拼字和标点符号
What do you want to be?	你想成为什么
It seems that he knows everything.	看起来他什么都知道
I didn't believe him at first.	起初我不相信他
All this is new to me.	这对我来说全是新的
My house is just across the street.	我的房子就在对街
I'll attend the next meeting.	我将参加下次的会议
Large, isn't it?	很大
I like traveling by train.	我喜欢乘坐火车
Hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in Africa.	海明威喜欢在非洲的大狩猎
Hurry up.	快点
He raised his hand.	他举起他的手
Are you going to come tomorrow?	你明天要来吗
The difference in their ages is six years.	他们差六岁
The bill will never go through.	该法案将永远不会通过
His hobby is painting pictures of flowers.	他的爱好是画有花的图
I was calm until I saw the syringe.	看到针管儿之前我一直都很淡定
Poor health prohibited him from traveling.	因为健康状况不佳
He has strange ideas.	他有着奇妙的想法
Tom was able to solve the problem by himself.	汤姆有办法自己把问题解决了
You can't do two things at once.	你不能一心两用
It's just a play on words.	不过是一个文字游戏罢了
It's a two-hour drive from here to my uncle's house.	从这里坐车
You have too many books on the shelf.	你书架上的书太多了
These fireworks are spectacular!	这些焰火真壮观
Please tell me what to do.	请告诉我该怎么做
This room has two closets for clothing.	这房间有两个衣橱
I came here to thank you.	我来感谢你
I can understand him perfectly.	我十分能理解他
Tom is Mary's uncle.	汤姆是玛丽的叔叔
They're afraid of us.	他们害怕我们
I suggest that we go out on Friday.	我建议我们星期五出去玩
I'm running out of ideas.	我没主意了
Their wedding is tomorrow.	他们明天举行婚礼
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.	即使我在学校学习了三年
The train was late this morning.	今天早上火车来迟了
Enthusiasm is contagious.	热情具有传染性
I can swim across the river.	我能游泳过河
She talked childishly.	她说话幼稚
In the U.S., most people can vote when they reach eighteen years of age.	在美国
That won't make any difference.	这没有任何区别
Had he known what was about to happen, he would have changed his plan.	要是他知道会发生什么
Her skin is whiter than snow.	她的皮肤比雪还白
Bright ideas never occur to me.	我总想不出什么好点子
I felt that my honor was at stake.	我觉得我的名誉受到了威胁
He got a good grade in mathematics.	他数学得了一个好成绩
Tom felt his phone vibrate.	汤姆感觉手机震荡了
A bridge was built across the river.	人们修了一座桥过河
We have plenty of time tonight.	今晚我们有充分的时间
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.	因为我这份工作的缘故
I want to study abroad next year.	我明年想出国留学
Earth is a planet.	地球是一个行星
"Who is in the car?" "Tom is."	“	谁在车里
I think I may have made a big mistake.	我认为我可能已经犯了大错
What is that big building in front of us?	我们面前的这幢高楼是什么
Tom's laughing.	汤姆在笑
You can trust him to keep his word.	你可以相信他会信守诺言
Would you please close that window?	请您把那扇窗户关起来好吗
I have two cats.	我有两只猫
Tom is playing with my dog.	汤姆在和我的狗一起玩
What subject do you like best?	你最喜欢哪一个科目
I think this book is worth reading.	我觉得这本书值得一读
For the other 600 million people, English is either a second language or a foreign language.	对于其他的六亿人口而言
Did you brush your teeth?	你刷过牙没有
I didn't catch what he said.	我没听懂他说的话
Do you believe there are ghosts?	你相信有鬼魂吗
Stop whining.	别再埋怨了
I'd be thrilled to do that.	我很乐意这么做
He greeted the lady.	他向那位女士问好
I've never gone fishing at night.	我从没在晚上钓过鱼
I invited my friends.	我邀请了我的朋友
I'll give you a present.	我会送您一份礼物
I shave every morning.	我每天早上刮胡子
I was in the bath when the phone rang.	在我洗澡的时候
I wonder what else Tom wants.	我想知道汤姆还要别的什么
Something may have happened to him.	他可能发生了什么事情
What would you advise me to do?	您建议我做什么
Leave the book where it was.	把书放在原处
The boy lay listening to the radio.	男孩躺着听收音机
This has been the driest six months in thirty years.	这是三十年代以来最干旱的六月
He is able to swim very fast.	他能游得很快
Tom practiced in front of the mirror.	汤姆在镜子前练习
She came to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.	她为了学习日文来到日本
The doctor examined the patients.	医生检查了病人
He can scarcely write his name.	他很难写他的名字
We get the materials from Malaysia.	我们从马来西亚得到材料
Tom isn't at the hotel.	汤姆不在酒店
Do you have some?	你有吗
It's hot out here.	这里够热
My motorcycle is new.	我的摩托车是新的
Have you finished your lunch yet?	你吃完你的午饭了吗
It's all you can really do.	这是你所能做的一切了
She's been working all day long.	她已经工作了一整天
Do you want to eat this?	你想吃这个吗
You look tired.	你看起来很疲倦
Do you really need a car?	你真的需要车吗
She gets good marks in English.	她英语成绩很好
It's over there.	在那里
Tom is always daydreaming.	Tom	总是在做白日梦
Be happy for me.	为我高兴吧
Why can't we go and see Tom?	为甚么我们不能去看汤姆
The little cabin was bathed in moonlight.	小木屋沐浴在月光之中
No one answered my question.	没人回答我的问题
The end does not always justify the means.	为了正当目的并非总是可以不择手段
She had the nerve to speak out.	她竟敢说出来
That's the village I was born in.	这就是我出生的村庄
I am on speaking terms with Tom.	我和汤姆无话不说
Nobody's sitting here.	这个座位没人
I'll remember you forever.	我会永远记住你的
What did he say?	他说了什么
What are you doing there?	你在那里做什么呢
He lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.	他住在东京郊区
I have made up my mind to achieve my goals in three years.	我下定决心要在三年之内达成目标
Keep this lesson in mind.	记好了这教训
Perhaps you're right.	也许您有道理
I made a mistake.	我犯了一个错
Be careful not to fall.	小心别摔倒了
They like apples.	他们喜欢苹果
I don't eat bread.	我不吃面包
Be on time.	要守时
I still haven't found anything.	我还什么都没找到呢
Are you absolutely sure?	你绝对肯定吗
She is proud that her son has become a doctor.	她为自己的儿子成为医生而自豪
She went for a walk.	她去散步了
This makes me very angry.	这让我很生气
Don't shout.	不许大叫
You ought not to go out.	你不应该出门
It doesn't matter.	没关系
It was already very late.	天色已晚
Tell me which you want.	告诉我你想要哪个
Say hello to Tom.	跟汤姆问好
Their eyes met.	他们目光相接
You should rewrite this sentence.	你应该重写这句话
Prices are double what they were two years ago.	价格是两年前的两倍
I hear from my mother once in a while.	我时不时得到母亲的消息
I explained the reason in detail.	我详细地解释了原因
After the storm, the sea was quiet again.	暴风雨后
We're preparing to do so.	我们准备去做
No one here will betray you.	这里没有人会背叛你
I must return home within a week.	我得要在一周内回家
I got it for next to nothing.	我简直不用花钱就买到了
Nature plays an important role in our life.	大自然在我们的生活中扮演着重要的角色
She doesn't have any friends.	她一个朋友都没有
English is a language spoken all over the world.	英语是一种全世界通用的语言
She is better at speaking English than any of her classmates.	她的英语说得比班上任何人都好
Don't try my patience.	别挑战我的耐心
English is not difficult to learn.	英语并不难学
When I heard the news, I cried.	当我听到这个消息
I have a dream.	我有一个梦想
I wish you had told me that.	要是你告诉过我就好了
He had a second helping of soup.	他又喝了一碗汤
We can fix that.	我们可以修那个
Tom needs a friend.	汤姆需要一个朋友
Not every child likes apples.	不是每一个孩子都喜欢吃苹果
He pretends to be deaf.	他装听不见
It will cost around 10,000 yen.	这将花费约
We have to sing at an old folks home today.	我们今天得去养老院唱歌
I like to play tennis.	我喜欢打网球
You've grown so much!	你长这么大了
I can't find my umbrella anywhere.	我任何地方都找不到我的伞
America is very big.	美洲很大
Let's not fool ourselves.	我们别再骗自己了
Fish is sold by the pound here.	鱼在这里是以磅为单位来出售
I don't even want to try it.	我甚至不想试试
We'll change trains at the next station.	我们会在下一站换火车
How about taking a rest?	休息一下怎么样
Let me handle this.	让我来处理
They're not afraid of hard work.	他们不怕艰苦的工作
See you in two days.	后天见
Run.	你用跑的
My stomach's full.	我吃饱了
He turned pale with fright.	他吓得脸色发白
She put on her hat to go out.	她戴上了帽子准备出去
Every morning she helps her mother to prepare breakfast in the kitchen.	她每天早上都帮母亲在厨房准备早餐
Are you single?	你是单身吗
Tom didn't say where he was planning to go.	汤姆没说他打算去哪里
Cut the chit-chat and get to work.	别闲聊了
Tom told me I shouldn't ever do that.	汤姆说我绝不该做
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer.	知道如何使用电脑对我们来说变得很重要
The books here are mine.	这儿的书是我的
Tom is living somewhere in Boston.	汤姆住在波士顿某地
I haven't finished my supper yet.	我还没吃完晚饭
What do you think of this sweater?	你觉得这件毛衣怎么样
Is it yours?	这是你的吗
She always wears black.	她总是穿著黑色的衣服
My father had me wash the car.	父亲让我洗汽车
He got tired of reading.	他厌倦了读书
I made him paint the house.	我让他刷房子
Tom knew Mary would come.	汤姆知道玛丽会来
There is an urgent message for you.	你有一个紧急的讯息
All the students clapped their hands.	所有的学生都拍手
Tom is a Vietnam veteran.	汤姆是一个越军退役军人
She promised not to go out alone.	她答应不单独外出
What I hate most of all is having to recite texts from memory.	我最讨厌背诵课文了
She won many competitions.	她赢了许多比赛
I like Tom, too.	我也喜欢汤姆
Do you have any money with you?	你身上有钱吗
Tom was with a bunch of strangers.	汤姆和一堆陌生人在一起
You don't like love stories, do you?	你不喜欢爱情故事
How did you make this soup?	这汤怎么做的
The broccoli today isn't very fresh.	今天的西蓝花不是很新鲜
Can I start?	我可以开始了吗
She is ashamed of what she's done.	她为自己所做的事感到羞耻
Wait a moment.	请稍等
She doesn't care how she dresses.	她不在乎她的穿著
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then it's no big deal.	如果你想去
This is a very beautiful flower.	这是一朵非常美丽的花
We tried to compromise with them.	我们试著和他们妥协
I had a hard time trying to persuade him to cancel the trip.	说服他中止旅行真是件苦差事
You don't like sashimi, do you?	你不喜欢生鱼片
I thought your parents liked me.	我认为你的父母喜欢我
It is really cheap.	它真的很便宜
Tom had never seen Mary so busy.	汤姆从没见过玛丽这么忙
There are many hungry people in the world.	世界上许多人很饥饿
Tom was hiding something.	汤姆在藏甚么
Please buy a tube of toothpaste.	请买条牙膏吧
I would rather stay at home.	我宁愿待在家里
I'll square things with you later.	待会我再和你谈谈
I have a shower every night.	我每晚洗澡
We bought a comfortable new armchair.	我们买了张舒适的扶手椅
There were a lot of people in the park.	公园里有很多人
He was expelled from school.	他被逐出了学校
I'm taking Mary out to dinner tonight.	我今晚带玛丽出去吃饭
That gentleman usually wears a hat.	那位绅士经常戴著一顶帽子
He drove the car, listening to music on the radio.	他一面开车一面听收音机的音乐
What's today's date?	今天几号
Tom deserves to be blamed.	汤姆应当被责备
What on earth is the matter?	到底怎么了
I hate the taste of ginger.	我讨厌姜味
What do you like to do in your free time?	您空闲时间喜欢做什么
Will you marry me?	你愿意嫁给我吗
What's with you?	你怎么了
Don't trust anyone here.	你在这别相信任何人
Whose cup is this?	这是谁的杯子
I can see through your lies.	我能看出你说谎
We saw him walking across the street.	我们看见他正在过马路
I almost won.	我几乎赢了
My father's hobby is fishing.	我父亲的嗜好是钓鱼
Study hard so you don't fail.	努力学习
I was expecting you last night.	昨天晚上我等著你来
I'm not feeling that hungry yet.	我感觉还不是那么饿
He went to stay with his cousin.	他去和他的表弟待在一起了
Where is the nearest church?	最近的教堂在哪里
How did you get back so soon?	你怎么回来得这么快
How do you say this word?	你们怎么读这个词
The radio didn't mention the incident.	电台没有提到这个事故
Tom wants to know what we're doing here.	汤姆想知道我们在这里做甚么
You can watch TV after supper.	晚餐之后你才可以看电视
Tom can give you an answer tomorrow.	汤姆明天会给你一个答案
I usually get up at 6:00.	我通常在六点钟起床
Tom drinks juice.	Tom	喝果汁
Don't be sad.	别伤心
He caught her by the arm.	他抓住了她的胳膊
I consider you one of my closest friends.	我把你视为我最要好的朋友之一
Tom didn't get much sleep.	汤姆没怎么睡
Tom couldn't go to college because his family didn't have enough money.	因为家里钱不够所以汤姆没能念大学
Even children can read this book.	即使是小孩也能读这本书
I'm afraid that you misunderstood me.	恐怕你误解我了
Don't look at Tom. Look at me.	不要看汤姆
It is ten degrees below zero now.	现在是零下十度
If you want to know a country, you must learn its history.	如果想了解一个国家
The mayor denied having taken a bribe.	市长否认收受了贿赂
I have to go to sleep.	我必须睡了
Will you join us?	你会参加吗
I like candlelight.	我很喜欢烛光
Friends are like flowers in the garden of life.	朋友就像生命之园里的花朵
He's scared of that dog.	他怕那只狗
His laziness is a bad sign for the future.	他的懒惰是他未来不好的预兆
Tom died in his kitchen.	汤姆是在自家厨房里死的
My uncle had me act as a translator.	我叔叔让我担任翻译
"I feel like playing cards." "So do I."	“	我想打牌
She glanced briefly at the newspaper.	她很快地瞟了一眼报纸
Would you like some sugar in your tea?	红茶里要加糖吗
What are you looking at?	你在看什么
He's eating an apple.	他正吃著一个苹果
It is very hot in the summer in Japan.	日本的夏天很热
I like taking walks.	我喜欢散步
We're on the third floor.	我们在三楼
His brother is always watching TV.	他的弟弟总是在看电视
He graduated from Harvard University with honors.	他光荣地从哈佛大学毕业了
Can I come over?	我能去你那吗
We will stay here until Sunday.	星期天前我们将会待在这里
We enjoyed playing baseball.	我们喜欢打棒球
Tom is the richest guy I know.	汤姆是我所知道的最有钱的家伙
Tom is diabetic.	汤姆是糖尿病患者
I've got to shave before leaving.	离开前我必须刮胡子
I have to stay home.	我得留在家
There's no need to apologize.	没有必要道歉
It can't be!	这不可能
She has been absent from school for five days.	她已经五天不上学了
I saw a beautiful waterfall there.	我看见那儿有个很美的瀑布
I heard Tom was captured.	我听说汤姆被捕了
This wasn't cheap, was it?	这不便宜
It happened at a quarter past eleven.	它发生在十一点一刻
I haven't seen her since then.	我从那时起就没有见过她
Please take good care of yourself.	请好好照顾你自己
The road parallels the river.	这条路与河流平行
Their cattle are all fat.	他们的牛都很肥
Tom used a fire extinguisher to try and put the fire out.	汤姆试著用灭火器把火扑灭
Can I come to your place?	我能去你家吗
Please show me the green shirt.	请给我看看这件绿色的衬衫
Tom turned on the car's fog lights.	汤姆打开了车的雾灯
I owe ten dollars to her.	我欠她
I know I left it somewhere down here in the basement.	我知道我把它放在地下室的某个地方了
What about having fish for dinner?	晚餐吃鱼怎么样
I got a new pair of shoes.	我得到了一双新鞋
I don't need to do anything.	我什么都不用做
He should thank you.	他应该感谢您
"Is he right?" "I don't think so."	"	他是对的吗
I lost face.	我丢脸了
He looks kind of pale.	他有点苍白
They insist that he should go.	他们坚持让他走
Are you the one who did that?	你就是做那事的人吗
We got lost in the fog.	我们在雾中迷了路
I asked him about the accident.	我问他关于这个意外的事
She looked me in the eye.	她看着我的眼睛
Tom burned the letter.	汤姆烧掉了信
Tom looked like he was certain.	汤姆看起来很肯定
They ate sandwiches for lunch.	他们午饭吃了三明治
I'm not sure.	我不确定
I asked Tom about his new book.	我问了汤姆关于他的新书的事
Those dogs are big.	那些狗都很大
He is twice as old as she is.	他的年龄是她的两倍
Can we take care of this tomorrow?	这个我们明天能解决吗
I want to eat something delicious.	我想吃点好吃的
It isn't too late for you.	对你来说还不太晚
If I were you, I wouldn't do it.	如果我是你
Tom gained weight.	汤姆胖了
That's the reason he became angry.	那就是他生气的理由
I had difficulty in solving this problem.	我在解决这个问题上有困难
I hear you passed the entrance exam. Congratulations!	我听说你通过了入学考试
Life doesn't always go the way we want it to.	生活并不总是如我们所愿
I've done my best.	我已经尽力了
Tom denied having stolen the money.	Tom	否认偷了钱
What is the price?	多少钱
My brother was injured in the car accident.	我弟弟在车祸中受了伤
How do you like it?	你觉得怎么样
You aren't allowed in this room.	你不能进这个房间
I want to talk to your boss.	我想跟你老板谈
Did you rent an apartment?	你租房子了吗
My parents won't let me go out with boys.	我父母不让我和男生约会
Have you done it?	你做吗
Tom learned to ride a bike when he was ten.	汤姆在
I don't know anything.	我什么都不知道
I noticed that she was wearing new glasses.	我注意到她戴着新眼镜
That toy is made of wood.	这个玩具是木制的
Tell us more.	告诉我们多一点
They are jealous of our success.	她们嫉妒我们的成功
Everybody is alive.	所有人都是活着的
I have to go to the bathroom.	我要去厕所
How do you go to school?	你是怎么去上学的
Reading a book can be compared to a journey.	阅读一本书可以比作一次旅行
The dog went away.	这只狗跑走了
Please call the police.	叫警察
Training will be provided.	会有训练
He died recently.	他最近去世了
She is a well-known singer.	她是一个著名的歌手
We need to talk about that as soon as possible.	我们需要尽早谈论那件事
He is the richest man on earth.	他是世界上最有钱的人
Are you speaking to me?	你在跟我说话吗
I bought a pen like yours yesterday.	我昨天买了一支像你那样的笔
He confessed that he was guilty.	他承认有罪
We enjoyed swimming in the river.	我们喜欢在河里游泳
She often takes advantage of his ignorance.	她常常利用他的无知
What will you do?	你要做什么
What's this?	这是什么
Tom has done that many times before.	汤姆之前做过很多次
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.	她被要求去说服他以让他或者他的儿子或者是别的人来粉刷屋子
Keep children away from the pond.	让孩子远离池塘
Tom sold his gun to Mary.	汤姆把他的枪卖给了玛丽
She finished ironing the clothes a few minutes ago.	她几分钟前熨完了衣服
Tom admitted he murdered Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
Please leave right away.	请马上离开
We were caught in a storm.	我们被暴风雨袭击了
Air quality has deteriorated these past few years.	这些年空气质量恶化了
Use it or lose it.	使用它或失去它
We both know why I'm here.	我们都知道我为甚么在这里
Where are those people from?	那些人从哪来的
He may become a baseball player.	他可能成为一个棒球选手
He replied that he did not know.	他回答说他不知道
Are you lost?	您迷路了吗
You are very courageous.	您非常勇敢
It's better to teach someone how to fish than to give someone a fish.	授之以鱼
He made mistakes on purpose to annoy me.	他为了惹恼我故意犯错
He should have come.	他本该来的
The only thing I want to do is go fishing.	我唯一想做的是去钓鱼
I had a good night's sleep.	我睡了一整夜的好觉
We'll ask Tom and see what he thinks.	我们要问问汤姆
We're on our own.	我们得依靠自己
It's too late to apologize.	现在道歉也迟了
Ghosts exist.	鬼魂是存在的
This is the dictionary I use every day.	这是我每天都用的字典
I wish that we could spend more time together.	我希望我们有更多时间呆在一起
She sells flowers.	她卖花
I don't want any milk at all.	我完全不要牛奶
He is independent of his parents.	他独立于他的父母
The knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king.	骑士宣誓效忠于国王
The baby is playing with some toys.	这个小婴儿正在玩一些玩具
We're not young.	我们不年轻
I fell asleep while I was watching TV.	我看电视时睡着了
It belongs to me now.	它现在归我了
I thought so, too.	我也是这么想的
Who did you get this from?	这从谁那儿拿的
She is going to wash the bike this afternoon.	她下午会洗自行车
Can I eat this orange?	我能吃这只橙子吗
Tom is escaping.	汤姆在逃跑
This hotel doesn't have a swimming pool.	这个酒店没有游泳池
I beg your pardon?	不好意思
Are they students?	他们是学生吗
Is this car your friend's?	这辆车是你朋友的吗
Mercury is the smallest planet in our solar system.	水星是我们的太阳系中最小的行星
I would like to rent a car.	我想租一辆车
Are you on Facebook?	你在脸书上吗
Only a few people understood me.	只有个别人才懂了我的意思
Tom seems very happy.	汤姆看起来非常开心
I think the time is right to introduce this product.	我觉得现在是发表这个产品的好时机
I'm not a bit tired.	我一点也不累
Is your school far away from your house?	你的学校离你家很远吗
War doesn't make anybody happy.	战争不会使任何人幸福
I'm feeling blue today.	我今天的心情不好
Roll up your sleeves.	卷起你的袖子
I love coffee.	我爱咖啡
Although it is snowing, I must go.	虽然正在下雪
Did I say something I shouldn't have?	我说了什么我不应该说的吗
Tom doesn't pay much attention to how he dresses.	Tom	没有花费精力去打扮自己
She goes to school on foot.	她走路去上学
A boy is walking across the street.	一个男孩正沿着街走
The house has all the conveniences.	这套房子设施便利齐全
He has poor eyesight.	他的视力不佳
Tom says he doesn't know how to swim.	汤姆说他不知道怎么游泳
Tom doesn't even try to help Mary.	汤姆甚至没打算帮玛丽
People should get more involved.	人们需要更多的交流
This sentence is ambiguous.	此句有歧义
I returned his book to him.	我把他的书还给了他
What languages are you good at speaking?	你擅长说哪种语言
The door was locked from the inside.	这门从里面被反锁了
How many books do you read per month?	你一个月读几本书
I'd like to do more.	我想做更多
Please wrap it like a Christmas present.	请把它包装得像一个圣诞礼物
Tom is your buddy.	汤姆是你的兄弟
She was busy with housework.	她忙于家务
What was that meeting about?	那场会议主题是什么
I won't stay silent.	我不会保持沉默的
He was willing to help others.	他愿意帮助别人
I haven't yet watched that video.	我还没看过那段视频
Tom sure talks a lot.	汤姆一定很能讲
My father works in a factory.	我爸在工厂工作
We can't know what the future has in store.	人不知道未来可能发生什么事
She is looking for her missing wallet.	她正在找她不见了的皮夹
It's almost six.	快要六点了
Our children like dogs, but I prefer cats.	我们的孩子喜欢狗
Do you miss me?	你想我了
Computers save us a lot of time and trouble.	电脑为我们节省了很多时间
Can we go back now?	我们现在能回去吗
At what age did you have your first girlfriend?	你几岁交了第一个女朋友
Would you like to know how I did that?	你想知道我是怎么做到的吗
I have to get some sleep.	我必须睡一下觉
It seems obvious that he is sick.	似乎很明显他病了
I usually go to bed before ten.	我通常在十点前上床睡觉
He likes to watch baseball games on TV.	他喜欢看电视上的棒球比赛
Give me a bottle of wine.	给我一瓶葡萄酒
Mary doesn't wear as much makeup as Alice.	玛丽没有化爱丽丝那样浓的妆
Did you notice Tom's hair?	你注意到汤姆的头髪了吗
Tom tried to stab me.	汤姆企图刺我
What do you need the money for?	你要这钱干嘛
It is really time for us to go.	这真是我们该走的时候了
Their apples aren't as tasty as ours.	他们的苹果没有我们的好吃
Speaking English is difficult.	说英语很难
What you're saying makes no sense.	你说的话没有道理
It's much more convenient.	这方便得多了
I felt that the plan was unwise.	我觉得这计划不是很聪明
Do you guys know each other?	你们认识吗
He married an actress.	他和一个女演员结婚了
He is confined to bed now.	他现在卧床不起
He tires easily.	他很容易觉得累
Would you please wait for a minute?	请你等一下好吗
It is difficult to speak Chinese well.	很难把中文说得好
He always wears dark glasses.	他总是带着黑色眼镜
Will you play tennis after school?	你放学后会去打网球吗
I have a surprise for you.	我带了一个惊喜给你
I don't think that I like this game very much.	我觉得我不太喜欢这游戏
Are you a student of a private high school?	你在私立高中读书吗
Call the police!	报警
She looks young.	她看起来很年轻
It is raining all the time.	总是在下雨
Do you know which road leads to my house?	你知道哪一条路到我家吗
This method is sure to work.	这个方法一定会成功
Paper was invented by the Chinese.	纸是由中国人发明的
No one can keep me from going there.	没人能阻止我去那儿
I don't know how to express my thanks.	我不知道如何表达我的谢意
Can you spare me a few minutes? I'd like to have a word with you.	你有几分钟时间吗
Tom can't drive a bus.	汤姆不能开巴士
This chair is very comfortable.	这张椅子很舒服
Tom doesn't like soccer.	汤姆不喜欢足球
I was talking about something else.	我在说别的事
Let's sing the song in English.	让我们唱英文歌曲
I remember meeting you before.	我记得以前见到你
You'll get used to this in three or four weeks.	你在三或四周内就会习惯
Tell me about it.	说来听听
Please wait a minute.	请稍等一下
I read lips.	我读唇语
You're safe here with me.	你和我在这里很安全
How do I get my dog to eat dog food?	怎么样才能让我的狗吃狗粮
He was admitted without taking the exam.	他承认没有参加考试
He came home three hours later.	他三个小时后回家了
Will you put on this kimono?	你会穿这件和服吗
I wish we had won the game.	但愿我们赢了这场比赛就好了
The box is empty.	盒子里面没有东西
I asked him to drive me home.	我请他开车送我回家
Tom said he wanted to try riding a unicycle.	汤姆说他想试试骑独轮车
Now is the time to act.	现在是行动的时候了
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.	不冒险
This car was so cheap that he could afford it.	这车便宜得让他能买得起
I couldn't agree with his opinion.	我不同意他的看法
Please send this by registered mail.	请用挂号寄这个
I brush my teeth twice a day.	我一天刷两次牙
Tom headed out the door.	汤姆向门走去
The king abused his power.	国王滥用权力
I was so homesick.	我很想家
Tom doesn't seem to think so.	汤姆似乎不这么认为
He often takes me for a drive.	他常常载我去兜风
He was arrested for drunken driving.	他因酒后驾驶而被捕
Her hair is streaked with gray.	她的头发中夹有白发
Every great writer seems to have been interested in English.	每一个伟大的作家似乎已经对英语感兴趣
He acts quickly.	他行动迅速
Are you still at home?	你还在家里吗
Let's take a short break.	让我们休息一会儿
She's got a good eye for paintings.	她对绘画有很好的鉴赏力
Tom wanted Mary to leave him alone.	汤姆想让玛丽一个人从他身边离开
Doctors refused to perform a second operation.	医生们拒绝做第二次手术
How long does it take to get from here to your house on foot?	从这里步行到你家要多长时间
I thought she was going to kill me.	我认为她要杀我
There is no denying the fact.	这是无可否认的事实
My wife buys vegetables from a supermarket nearby.	我老婆在附近的超市买蔬菜
I've got a lot more to learn.	我要学很多
I had a phone call from him.	我接到了他打来的电话
I understand perfectly.	我完全明白
Have you finished it?	你做完了吗
I thought you had to get up by 7:30.	我以为你要
Sometimes I smoke just to give my hands something to do.	有时我吸烟只是因为要给我手头点事做
Where did you go yesterday?	你昨天去哪里了
It's been a long time since we last saw each other.	真是好久不见啊
Don't do anything stupid.	请不要做傻事
Looks are not everything.	外表并不是全部
The old church by the lake is very beautiful.	河边的老教堂很漂亮
Where do they want to go?	他们想到哪儿去
I have to go to sleep.	我该去睡觉了
Fasten your seat belts.	系上安全带
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple.	如果看起来像个苹果而且吃起来也像苹果的话
As soon as he saw me, he ran away.	他一看见我
A true scientist would not think like that.	一个正确的科学家不会那样想
His greatest fault is talking too much.	他最大的缺点就是话太多
It all depends on the weather.	一切都取决于天气
I would rather not go there alone.	我宁可不要单独去那里
I'll take you to the bus stop.	我会带你到公交车站
He stayed at his aunt's house.	他住在他舅妈家
Leave my car alone.	离我的车远一点
They don't know anything.	他们什么都不知道
The story of Tom and Mary is very interesting.	汤姆和玛丽的故事真有意思
Leave the room as it is.	保留原状地离开房间
No problem.	没关系
You may sit wherever you like.	你喜欢坐哪儿就坐哪儿
There's something in your hair.	你头发上粘着什么东西
They came up with a plan after a long discussion.	他们终于在漫长的讨论之后得出了一个计划
He is as tall as her.	他和她一样高
This swallow's wings are broken.	这只燕子的翅膀受伤了
He is curious about everything.	他对什么都感好奇
Turn the computer on.	打开电脑
Have you seen all these movies?	你把这些电影全看了吗
Everybody is here.	每个人都在这里
Actions speak louder than words.	行动比语言更响亮
He was attracted to the woman.	他被那个女人吸引住了
This is the worst movie I've ever seen.	这是我看过的最差劲的电影了
Tom has got his own problems.	汤姆有他自己的问题
My father retired at 65 years old.	我父亲在六十五岁时退休
I saw it with my own eyes.	我亲眼见到了它
She said she had a cold.	她说她感冒了
That wasn't my intention.	那不是我故意的
He painted a picture of roses.	他画了一幅玫瑰的画
We don't have any water.	我们没水
There is a school near my house.	我家附近有一所学校
We have to wash the clothes.	我们得洗衣服
I want the other one.	我想要另一个
What is it that Tom wants to eat?	汤姆想吃的是什么
There isn't any soap.	没有任何肥皂
This really is a nice surprise.	真是个惊喜
I would like to help you.	我愿意帮你
Maybe you're working too hard.	可能你工作得太拼命
London was very important for economical and cultural reasons.	伦敦过去因为经济和文化的缘故
She lived a long life.	她活了很久
Will you lend me your CD player for an hour?	你能借我你的
Mary works as a cashier.	玛丽是个收银员
You need to leave.	你必须离开
He was not aware of the danger.	他没有意识到自己有危险
He knows how to drive a car.	他会开车
Many small companies went bankrupt.	许多小公司倒闭了
She was satisfied with the new dress.	那条新裙子让她很满意
We're doing the best we can.	我们尽力而为
Is this edible?	这个能吃吗
She was in time for the bus.	她赶上了巴士
Tidy up the room.	整理一下房间
I have nothing in common with her.	我和她没有共同之处
I think I understand.	我想我懂了
The teacher assembled the students in the hall.	老师在礼堂把学生们集合起来
I've had a lot of work to do lately.	我最近有很多事情要做
Tom didn't give me what I asked him for.	汤姆没给我我跟他要的
I'll buy a watch for my son.	我将给儿子买块手表
This letter is addressed to you.	这封信是寄给你
She made me a cake.	她为我做了一个蛋糕
Is there anybody in the room?	屋里有人吗
Why aren't you coming with us?	你为什么不和我们一起来
You'd better not go out.	你最好不要出门
Be respectful to your superiors, if you have any.	如果你有上司的话
He will reach Hakodate tonight.	他今晚将抵达函馆
I'm undressing.	我脱衣服
"The phone is ringing." "I'll get it."	“	电话响了
I want to get drunk.	我想喝醉
It rained for a week.	雨下了一周
What were Tom and Mary doing here?	汤姆和玛丽在这里做了甚么
He got his wife to mend his shirt.	他让他的妻子补好衬衫
How far is it from here?	离这儿有多远
Please send it to me by fax.	请把它传真给我
I know he is watching me.	我知道他在注意我
How long will you be staying here?	您将在这里待多久
I wish you luck.	我祝您好运
He is mean.	他很凶
I like that singer a lot.	我挺喜欢那个歌手的
I'm called Tom.	我叫汤姆
Sometimes things that happen do not make sense.	有时候
You have a wonderful voice.	你有副好嗓音
Let's keep in touch.	让我们保持联系
Let's meet in a week.	让我们一周后见
Hold on.	坚持
The man behind them is playing the piano.	在他们身后的男人正在弹钢琴
Well begun is half done.	好的开始是成功的一半
Tom fell down.	汤姆摔倒了
I came to Japan two years ago.	我两年前来日本
We should cancel the hike.	我们应该取消这次远足
You may answer the question.	您可以回答问题
We should work faster.	我们的工作应该要加快
He had barely enough to eat.	他仅有够糊口的吃的
Did I leave my umbrella here?	我把雨伞落在这里了吗
The Second World War lasted from 1939 to 1945.	第二次世界大战从
It's a fake.	这是一个伪造品
Please turn off the television.	请关闭电视机
The United States is abundant in natural resources.	美国的自然资源很丰富
My grandpa believes that the moon landing was a hoax.	我的祖父相信登月是一个骗局
Tom asked for food.	汤姆要食物
Tom is probably still studying French.	汤姆可能还在学法语
Tom was wrong.	汤姆错了
She called up her mother on the phone.	她给她妈妈打电话
I'm really bad at this.	我实在不擅长这个
She is eating.	她吃
I wish you luck.	祝你好运
The system worked.	系统运行起来了
I felt quite relieved after I had said all I wanted to say.	说了所有我要说的话后
We help the poor.	我们帮助穷人
My strength is all gone.	我的力气耗尽了
It won't take very long.	不会花很多时间的
You let me down.	你让我失望了
I went to school yesterday.	我昨天去了学校
Are there any famous musicians on the stage?	舞台上有著名音乐家吗
I telephoned her at once.	我立刻打电话给她
Don't open this door, please.	请不要打开此门
I prefer tea to coffee.	我喜欢茶胜过咖啡
She is fluent in English and French.	她能说流利的英语和法语
I can play tennis.	我会打网球
Everyone knew that Tom's French was good.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
He's very sloppy in his dress.	他穿着上很不讲究
Tom, wake up.	汤姆
Why don't you go home early today?	你今天为什么不早点回家呢
The bad weather affected his health.	恶劣的天气对他的健康带来了影响
She's Tom's younger sister.	她是汤姆的妹妹
That car is really expensive.	那辆汽车真的很贵
"Can somebody help me?" "I will."	"	谁可以来帮我一下
Mom is older than Dad.	妈妈比爸爸老
Tom was stripped to the waist.	汤姆光着膀子
You can buy it for a thousand yen or so.	你能以大约
The legal system in America is the world's finest.	美国的司法制度是世界上最好的
I played tennis with my brother.	我和我的兄弟打网球
He is going to be a doctor when he grows up.	他长大了会成为一名医生
The incident made everyone feel more embarrassed.	这件事弄得大家都比较尴尬
I got this vacuum cleaner for nothing.	我免费得到了这个吸尘器
I trust his executive ability.	我相信他的执行能力
I will find you a good doctor.	我会帮你找个好医生
When I entered the room, she was playing the piano.	当我进入那个房间的时候
You'd better get away from here at once.	你最好立刻离开这里
I am to blame for it.	这是我的错
You're the one who decided to do this job, right?	你是决定做这个工作的那个人
Tom is the one that told us about the problem.	汤姆是告诉我们这个问题的人
How did Tom get out of jail?	汤姆是如何出狱的
I can't stand that noise.	我不能忍受那个噪音
This is the best restaurant I know of.	这是我知道的最好的餐馆
I don't eat chicken skin.	我吃不下鸡皮
Lincoln died in 1865.	林肯于
He spent the night at his uncle's place.	他在他舅舅那里过夜
Let me cut the carrots.	胡萝卜我来切吧
Her mother will continue to work.	她母亲将继续工作
Why don't we get out of here?	我们为什么不离开这里
The girl resembles her mother.	这个女孩酷似她的母亲
Have you already called Tom?	你已经给汤姆打过电话了
You've made progress.	你进步了
It is going to rain very soon.	很快就要下雨了
Tom said that he'd leave the door open.	汤姆说他打算让门开着
Tom is going to tell Mary he's busy.	汤姆会和玛丽说他很忙
You'd better see a doctor.	你还是去看病吧
We had a good time last night.	我们昨晚玩得很开心
I've been taking this medication for many years.	这种药我吃了好多年了
Tom and Mary hugged each other.	汤姆和玛丽互相拥抱
It isn't going to take long.	不会花很多时间的
Paper burns easily.	纸容易着火
It was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success.	他很难掩饰对自己成功的骄傲
Be sure to fill out the registration form in person.	确保亲自填写注册表格
Tom thanked Mary for coming.	汤姆感谢玛丽的光临
There's no telling what he'll do next.	没有人知道他接下来会干什么
She is the one who feeds our dog.	她是喂我们的狗的人
In case of fire, call 119.	遇到火警时
I wouldn't do that if I were you.	如果我是你
My mother is in the hospital now.	我妈妈现在在医院
I wonder if this is love.	我不知道这是不是爱
He took her out for a drive.	他带她出去兜风了
I can't put up with the heat any longer.	我受不了这大热天了
This river is dangerous for children to swim in.	孩子在这条河里游泳太危险了
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.	我母亲买了两瓶橙汁
I'm sure you'll be back before long.	我确定你不久就回来
Tom's eyes were glued to the screen.	Tom	的眼睛被荧幕吸引住了
Mathematics is basic to all sciences.	数学是所有科学的基础
Tom said he wasn't sure what Mary wanted to do.	汤姆说他不确定玛丽想做什么
I warned you not to come here.	我警告过你别来这里
Where's the door?	门在哪里
You can sit wherever you want to.	你可以坐你想坐的任何地方
I started to write a book.	我开始写一本书
He has an eye for antiques.	他对古董很有鉴赏力
Many workers were trapped in the coal mine.	许多劳动者受困在煤矿场中
I had an accident at work.	我出了工伤
Stay sharp.	保持警惕
I ran into Tom at the supermarket.	我在超市碰到了汤姆
I admit that this may not be the best way of doing it.	我承认这可能不是最好的方法
He didn't agree to my proposal.	他不同意我的建议
The guy with a beard is Tom.	长胡子的是汤姆
They won't tell us anything.	他们甚么也不会告诉我们
Aren't you going to call Tom?	你不是要打电话给汤姆吗
About how long will it take to get there by bus?	搭公车到那里大约要花多久的时间
Did you come here alone?	你是一个人来这儿的吗
The President spoke to the nation on TV.	总统在电视上对国民讲话
I remember last summer's adventure.	我记得去年夏天的历险
Tom took out his key and opened the door.	汤姆掏出钥匙开了门
Hello everyone!	大家好
He rescued the child from the fire.	他从火场中救了这个孩子
Wash your hands before meals.	饭前要洗手
He was always annoyed in the city by noises of one sort or another.	他在城市里一直受到噪音或者其他的干扰
They welcomed me warmly, so I felt at home.	他们这么热情的欢迎我
He'll be back by five o'clock.	他五点左右会回来
They usually sleep in this room.	他们通常在这个房间里睡觉
Who's working tonight?	今晚谁上班
He knows better than to marry her.	他不会傻到去娶她
The carpenter brought his tools along.	木匠带著工具
This book is new.	这本书是新的
Try resting for now.	现在休息一下
Tom hasn't talked to Mary in years.	汤姆多年没有和玛丽说话了
What did that cost?	多少钱
I was in school yesterday morning.	昨天上午我在学校
Let's drop by his house.	我们去拜访他吧
His scores are always better than mine, even though he doesn't study very much.	他的分数总比我高
That bicycle is too small for you.	那辆脚踏车对你来说太小了
When will you go out?	你什么时候要出去
Volleyball is a lot of fun.	排球很有意思
How was your exam?	考得如何
He threatened to make it public.	他威胁要公开
Call the police!	叫警察
His work is washing cars.	他的工作是洗车
Tom wanted to take a shower.	汤姆想洗个澡
She followed him home to find out where he lived.	她跟他到家以得知他住哪
I'm folding my dress.	我在叠我的连衣裙
The problem was that I had nothing to say to him.	问题是
Please think it over.	请考虑一下
Speak a little louder.	说大声点
Tom says he has a plan.	汤姆说他有个计划
Tom gave Mary the cold shoulder.	汤姆给玛丽冷的肩膀
We often talk about the weather.	我们经常讨论天气
He is still sitting on the bench.	他还坐在长椅上
My father allowed me to go swimming.	爸爸准许我去游泳
The child caught the cat by the tail.	孩子抓住了猫的尾巴
She saw herself in the mirror.	她看到镜子里的自己
I sat next to him.	我坐在他旁边
He changed his mind.	他改变想法了
The store is closed Mondays.	商店周一关门
I'm thirty now.	我现在
Who is this boy?	这个男孩是谁
Tomorrow is my birthday.	明天是我生日
We're going to do that right away.	我们马上就去做
Tom and I were business partners.	Tom	跟我是商业伙伴
It must be a coincidence.	这一定是个巧合
You were considerate not to disturb us.	你考虑周到
One year has twelve months.	一年有十二个月
Can you walk?	你们能走吗
Did you buy juice?	你有买果汁吗
Tom says that Mary definitely won't accept the job.	汤姆说玛丽绝不会接受这工作
You don't have to hurry.	你不必著急
I'm not very good at swimming.	我不擅长游泳
Let's start!	让我们开始吧
London is among the world's largest cities.	伦敦是全世界最大的城市之一
Are you speaking to me?	你是在对我说吗
It isn't as difficult as you think.	那个没你想象的那么难
What just happened?	刚刚发生了什么
I asked Tom a few questions.	我问了汤姆几个问题
These must be fake.	这一定是假的
How much does it cost?	这个几块
Can you put some suntan lotion on my back?	你能在我的背上涂些防晒霜吗
Should we use genetic engineering on people?	我们应该对人使用基因编辑吗
He sometimes comes to see me.	他有时会来看我
I agree completely.	我完全同意
Tom knows you better than he knows anyone else.	汤姆对你的了解比对其他人都清楚
If we were supposed to talk more than listen, we would have been given two mouths and one ear.	如果我们应该少听多说话
My father is out.	我父亲出门了
He lost his eyesight in an accident.	他在一次意外中失去了他的视力
The train was crowded with people.	火车挤满了人
Why don't we order pizza?	为什么我们不订披萨呢
It is not good for a scientist to get emotional.	对一个科学家来说
I'm tired of your complaints.	我已经厌倦了你的投诉
English is taught in most countries.	英语在大部份的国家被教授
At last it's stopped raining.	终于不下雨了
I know who you all are.	我知道你们都是谁
Innocence is a beautiful thing.	纯真是一件美好的事
Wait!	等一下
I've already eaten breakfast.	我已经吃过早饭了
My father drives a very old car.	我的父亲开一辆旧车
She married a rich old man.	她嫁给了个有钱老头
No one listened to me.	没有人听我的
It took me three years.	它花了我三年
The sea is blue.	大海是蓝色的
He's out now.	他现在出去了
Your hair is beautiful.	你的头发很漂亮
I want to be a journalist.	我想成为记者
He changed schools last year.	去年他转校了
It's a cheap restaurant.	这是家很便宜的餐馆
I'm still puzzled.	我还不明白
Dust got into one of my eyes.	灰尘钻进了我的一只眼睛
What'll you do?	你要做什么
I'm accustomed to getting up early.	我习惯早起
Japan is an extremely noisy country.	日本是一个非常嘈杂的国家
You may choose any of them.	你可以选择他们之中的任何一个
Please give me a glass of water.	请给我一杯水
Here is a photograph of my family.	这里有一张我全家的照片
Switch on the light. I can't see anything.	把灯打开
I'd like to live in New York.	我想住在纽约
I haven't made up my mind yet.	我还没有下定决心
Why don't you go see Tom?	你为甚么不去看汤姆
The doctors are looking at an x-ray.	医生在观察
I was late to school.	我上学迟到了
You'd better put on a raincoat.	您最好穿一件雨衣
Her mother passed away last year.	她的母亲去年去世了
The plane flew over the mountain.	这架飞机飞越了这座山
He lived in Matsue for seven years.	他住在松江七年了
Tom doesn't have to thank me.	汤姆不需要谢我
You like elephants.	你喜欢大象
I'm a bachelor.	我单身
It isn't something I'm very good at.	这不是我所擅长的事
All you have to do is push this button to take a picture.	你要做的就是按这个按钮拍照
Did you play baseball yesterday?	你昨天打棒球了没有
My father became old.	我爸爸变老了
I feel like going on a trip.	我想去旅行
No, I don't think so.	我可不这么觉得
I changed my address last month.	上个月我换了我的地址
He's a professor at the National University.	他是国立大学的一名教授
Please tell me Tom is OK.	请告诉我汤姆很好
What a lot of pens!	那么多钢笔
Is Monday OK?	周一可以吗
I'm looking for an assistant.	我正在找一个助手
He is a very thoughtful person.	他是个很体贴的人
Tom says he's not feeling any better.	Tom	说他感觉不舒服
He won everything.	他赢得一切了
I'm looking for a place to sit.	我正在找个地方坐下
I enjoyed talking with him.	我和他谈得很愉快
It was truly depressing.	真的令人丧气
I lost my way in the woods.	我在树林里迷路了
Why is nobody visiting my website?	为什么没人来我的网站呢
Now, what do you want to see?	你现在想看甚么
I am familiar with this subject.	我熟悉这个主题
Please shut the door.	请关门
He grew up in a little village.	他在一个小村庄里长大
I haven't seen anything.	我什么都没看见
I'm a good-for-nothing bum.	我是个二流子
She must have taken the wrong bus.	她一定是搭错了公车
I prefer working to doing nothing.	我宁愿工作也不愿闲著
Let me introduce my mother to you.	让我向你介绍我的母亲
Both Tom and I are tired.	汤姆和我都累了
Winds from the sea are moist.	从海洋吹来的风感觉湿漉漉的
Fish such as carp and trout live in fresh water.	鱼类例如鲤鱼和鳟鱼生活在淡水中
You made an error.	你犯了个错误
He brought his lunch today.	他今天带了午饭
Does Tom need to stay home today?	汤姆今天需要留在家里吗
I still need to talk to you.	我还有话要对您说
We just need water.	我们需要的只有水
His speech was short and to the point.	他的演讲简短且切中要害
He can be proud of his father.	他可以为自己的父亲而骄傲
You're turning red.	你脸红了
Turn the radio down a little.	把收音机的声音关小一点
The prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter.	王子爱上了一个樵夫的女儿
Write it in pencil.	用铅笔写
Do you want me to help?	要我帮忙吗
Tell me again where you live.	再跟我说一次
My boss made me work overtime.	我的老板要我加班
He doesn't like coffee.	他不喜欢喝咖啡
Did you go anywhere for the summer?	你夏天去了任何地方吗
I don't think that I ordered that.	我觉得我没有下命令
I helped my father with the work.	我帮我父亲做这个工作
We go to the same school.	我们上同一所学校
I want to ask you some questions about Tom.	我想问你一些关于汤姆的问题
It's already eleven.	已经是
Unfortunately, it rained.	很遗憾
We bought a pound of tea.	我们买了一磅的茶
Tom seems to have a cold.	汤姆看来感冒了
She was a genius in mathematics.	她是个数学天才
We have a warrant to search your apartment.	我们有权搜查你的公寓
England is proud of her poets.	英格兰为她的诗人感到自豪
I'm not very interested in artificial languages.	我对人造语言不是很感兴趣
The grand prize is a kiss from the princess.	一等奖是公主的香吻
It's almost time to go to bed.	差不多是就寝的时间了
I didn't get your name.	我没听清楚你的名字
I don't have time to go there today.	我今天没有时间去那里了
Do you go to church?	你去教堂吗
Will you be here tomorrow?	你明天在这里吗
I wish I could buy a motorcycle.	但愿我能买一辆摩托车
We rented a truck to move our furniture.	我们租了辆卡车来运我们的家具
He has plenty of money in the bank.	他在银行里有大量钱财
The defendant will appeal to a higher court.	被告会向上级法院上诉
Each of them was given a prize.	他们每个人都被授奖了
It's about three square miles.	大概三平方英里
She doesn't have any enemies.	她没有敌人
I'm sure you would do the same for me.	我很确定你也会为我做同样的事
I look after my grandfather.	我照顾我的爷爷
Many improvements have been made since this century began.	本世纪初以来
I didn't ask Tom for help.	我没有找
She looks a lot like her mother.	她非常像她的母亲
Wear whatever you want to wear.	穿你想穿的
I've gained weight.	我增加了体重
The company abandoned that project.	公司放弃了那个项目
Is Tom able to speak French?	Tom	能说法文吗
You look very tired.	妳看上去非常累
Keep quiet.	保持安静
I don't drink or smoke.	我既不抽烟也不喝酒
I accompanied her on a walk.	我陪她散步
He is afraid to fly in an airplane.	他怕坐飞机
He hid it behind the door.	他把它藏在了门后
It's not hard to understand.	不难理解
We're all looking forward to seeing you and your family.	我们都期待看到你和你的家人
My son is brushing his teeth.	我的儿子在刷牙
I have a large collection of stamps.	我收集很多邮票
Do you want to wait?	你愿意等吗
You look tense.	你看起来很紧张
"When will you come back?" "It all depends on the weather."	“	你什么时候回来呀
I don't want any bananas at all.	我一点也不要香蕉
He broke into a house.	他闯入一间房子
Tom isn't used to walking barefooted.	汤姆不习惯光着脚漫步
You should begin with easier questions.	你应该先从最简单的问题开始
I have to return this book to the library today.	我今天得把这本书还给图书馆
Everyone in his family is tall.	他家的每个人都很高
She wears a lot of makeup.	她化着浓妆
Tom passed away last night.	汤姆在昨晚去世了
I am very tired.	我很累
I thanked Mary for her help.	我对玛丽的帮助表示了感谢
You have to come with me.	你必须跟我来
Give me the same, please.	请给我同样的东西
Do you watch television?	您看电视吗
That was easier than I thought it would be.	比我想象中的更简单
Am I allowed to use this?	能让我用这个吗
That hotel was very near the lake.	这家旅馆非常靠近湖
I bought this yesterday.	昨天我买了这个
I'm not as tall as you.	我没有你高
They're eating apples.	他们正在吃苹果
Yesterday, the weather was very nice.	昨天天气非常好
It's on the house.	这是免费的
She decided to resign.	她决定辞职了
I had lost my pen.	我弄丢了我的笔
When will you come back to school?	你何时会回学校
Animals are afraid of fire.	动物怕火
This is very expensive.	这是非常昂贵的
He likes music very much.	他非常喜欢音乐
All subscriptions must be paid before the end of this year.	所有订购必须在今年年底前支付款项
None were wearing seat belts.	没人系安全带
Compared with her sister, she isn't very punctual.	与她的妹妹相比
Please don't speak so fast.	请不要说得那么快
Whose pencil is this?	这支铅笔是谁的
He carried a rifle on his shoulder.	他把步枪背在他的肩上
What will you use it for?	你会用它来做什么
Sorry, I couldn't help it.	对不起
That’s actually the truth.	这倒是事实
I am full.	我吃饱了
Don't you feel better?	你感觉好些了吗
Even though I studied English for 6 years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.	尽管我在学校学了
You'd better go.	你最好走
It's likely that she'll succeed.	她很有可能会有所成就
My favorite sport is baseball.	我最喜欢的运动是棒球
His house is across from mine.	他的房子在我的对面
Are you going home?	你在回家吗
Most boys like baseball.	大部分男生喜欢棒球
She's asking how that's possible.	她问这怎么可能
They like to sing.	他们都喜欢唱歌
My grandson is still a baby.	我的孙子还是个婴儿
She put the dirty dishes in the sink.	她把脏盘子放进水池里
You should stay at home today.	你今儿个应当留守
"Did you watch TV last week?" "No, I didn't."	“	上周你看电视了吗
Sometimes I hate myself.	偶尔我会讨厌我自己
Please remind me to mail the report tomorrow.	请提醒我明天把报告寄了
I have breakfast at seven.	我在七点吃早饭
Tommy couldn't answer the last question.	汤米不会回答最后一个问题
Do you need help?	你需要帮助吗
You didn't tell me you worked for Tom.	你没告诉我你为汤姆工作
Her garden is a work of art.	她的花园是一件艺术作品
I prefer being poor to being rich.	我更愿意贫穷而不是富裕
This laboratory is equipped with the latest computers.	这个实验室配备了最新的计算机
Make it quick.	快点
You're a celebrity now.	你现在是名人了
I know you don't want to be lonely.	我知道你不想一个人呆著
He is an American.	他是美国人
These toys are suitable for girls.	这些玩具适合女生
I don't drink coffee at all.	我一点咖啡也不喝
Would you like another beer?	再来一杯啤酒怎么样
They passed by her house yesterday.	他们昨天路过她家
Tom can't remember anything.	汤姆什么都记不住
There's no mistake.	没有错误
The young man saved the girl from a bunch of hoodlums.	该名青年将少女从流氓团伙中救了出来
They must really hate me.	他们一定很恨我
He studies much harder than before.	他比以前学得更努力了
I'd like a glass of water, please.	我要一杯水
I could not afford to buy a bicycle.	我买不起自行车
I have so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.	我有太多话想和你说
Would you pass the mashed potatoes, please?	你能给我土豆泥吗
They won't come until tomorrow.	他们直到明天前不会来
I don't think that Tom has any teaching experience.	我认为汤姆一点教学经验都没有
Last night I had a strange dream.	我昨晚做了一个奇怪的梦
Why did you cry so much?	你为甚么哭得这么厉害
I wasn't busy yesterday.	我昨天不忙
She always cared about my health.	她总是关心我的健康
Ostriches can't fly.	鸵鸟不会飞
He is a good fellow.	他是个好人
I'm not responsible for what Tom did.	我不必对汤姆所做的事负责任
Tom is a man of few wants.	汤姆是个寡欲的人
Join us.	来加入我们吧
My car burns a lot of gas.	我的车子很耗油
We met at two in the afternoon.	我们今天下午两点见得面
I'm tired of watching television.	我厌倦了看电视
Suppose you had a thousand dollars, what would you do with it?	假如你有
She liked tennis and became a tennis coach.	她喜欢网球并成为了一个网球教练
Hunger is the best sauce.	对于一个饥饿的人来说
Did I tell you I got a new job?	我有告诉你我找到新工作了吗
I don't think that it's going to be easy to find Tom.	我认为
I've got a pacemaker.	我装了个心脏起搏器
Was that too much?	那太多了吗
He will be back soon.	他很快就会回来的
My flight was delayed.	我的航班晚点了
I can't put up with this noise.	我不能忍受这个噪音
I'll be flying to Boston.	我将要飞到波士顿去
I'm only thinking of you.	我只想到你
My car isn't red. It's blue.	我的汽车不是红色的
His opinions aren't worth listening to.	他的意见不值得听
We met in 2008. A year later, we got married.	我们在
I hardly ever go to museums.	我几乎不去博物馆
Don't ask me what it was.	别问我这是什么东西
If it's not too expensive, I'll do that.	如果不是太贵的话
I don't care if you trust me or not.	我不关心你是否信任我
Let's turn back.	我们掉头吧
I'll drive you to the airport.	我会开车送你们去机场
I have everything I need.	我有我需要的所有东西
She lost her way and on top of that it began to rain.	她迷路了
They attacked the enemy.	他们进攻了敌人
I'll wait here till he comes back.	我会等在这儿直到他回来
It's my job.	这是我份内的事
Tom likes sitting on the floor.	汤姆喜欢坐在地上
I'll call Tom back.	我会叫汤姆回来
We usually walk to school.	我们通常步行去学校
Do they love each other?	他们彼此相爱吗
You can hold my hand.	你可以握住我的手
We have to turn in our reports by the end of this month.	这个月底前
It's free.	它是免费的
I also heard a similar story.	我也听过一个类似的故事
That wasn't very good.	那不太好
I am not a witch.	我不是巫婆
I'll tell you the truth.	我会告诉你真相
He placed the ladder against the fence.	他把梯子倚著栅栏放
I like tennis very much.	我非常喜欢网球
They are arriving here soon from Hong Kong.	他们就快从香港抵达了
I'll be gone for a while.	我要暂时离开
On this small island are two large towns and many small settlements.	这个小岛上有两座大城市及许多小村镇
Let me know.	让我知道
We've got to get you some help.	我们不得不给你一点帮助了
He's staying with his uncle.	他在他舅舅那里过夜
Are you busy tomorrow afternoon?	明天下午你忙吗
He's such a sweetheart.	他真是甜心
You're not old enough to get a driver's license.	你还没到可以拿驾驶执照的年龄
Excuse me, but may I open the window?	不好意思
Thank you for the wonderful dinner.	为这美好的晚餐谢谢你
We must sleep at least eight hours a day.	我们每天至少该睡八小时
Tom is a little boy.	汤姆是个小男孩
Make sure you get plenty of rest.	你务必要好好地休息
Tom will be painting the fence tomorrow.	Tom	明天将漆栅栏
Christmas is drawing near.	圣诞节快到了
I would like to have a cup of coffee.	我想喝一杯咖啡
Everyone in her class likes her.	她班上的每个人都喜欢她
You're very resourceful.	你鬼点子真多
Nobody asked.	没人问过
Do you think I'm crazy?	你认为我疯了吗
She was obliged to give up the plan.	她不得不放弃这个计划
I've just returned from the post office.	我刚从邮局回来
My business has at last gotten on the right track.	我的生意终于走上了正轨
The phone rang while I was taking a shower.	我在洗澡的时候
Tom is the tallest man I know.	汤姆是我所知道的最高的人
I can't just let Tom kill me.	我不能让汤姆这么轻易杀了我
There's something strange going on.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
What time does it start?	什么时候开始
I saw a strange woman there.	我看见一位陌生女人在那儿
I opened the window slightly.	我开了点窗户
He has a cold.	他着凉了
Keep it up.	坚持
Everyone except me was invited.	除了我
I lent my friend some money.	我借给了朋友一些钱
The top of Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.	富士山顶盖满了雪
Mary has a flower in her hand.	玛丽手上有一朵花
I don't like big cities.	我不喜欢大城市
That's not fair.	那是不公平的
He often goes abroad on business.	他经常出国洽商
He's a tennis player.	他是个网球球手
I am a member of the tennis club.	我是网球俱乐部的会员
It's going to rain, for sure.	要下雨了
I won't be fooled.	我不会上当的
Alcohol consumption is increasing every year.	酒的消费每年都在上升
He has been to Hawaii several times.	他去过夏威夷几次
Call the police.	报警
I thought Tom and Mary had gone mad.	我本以为汤姆和玛丽疯了呢
Did you read the article?	你看文章了没
His life after retirement was unhappy.	他退休后的生活不快乐
Everyone knows the law.	大家都知道这个法律
The ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital.	救护车把伤者送往了最近的医院
I am short.	我个头矮
Am I dead?	我死了吗
I can't trust you.	我没办法相信你
He started going bald quite young.	他很年轻就开始秃头了
I think your work is all right.	我觉得你的工作可以
Tom said he's glad he could do that.	汤姆说他很高兴他能做
Everyone ought to be the master of his own destiny.	每个人都应该做自己命运的主人
Tom's happy.	汤姆高兴
Your glasses fell on the floor.	你的眼镜掉在地上了
I'm tired.	我很累
I hope he hasn't had an accident.	我希望他没发生意外
Tom was sick in bed last Sunday.	汤姆上周日卧病在床
Tom embraced his father.	汤姆拥抱了他的父亲
Justice will prevail in the end.	正义终将胜利
My apartment is near here.	我的公寓在这附近
All of his family work on a farm.	他全家都在农场工作
"How old are you?" "I'm 16 years old."	「	你几岁
Where's the cook?	厨师在哪里
I remember this map.	我记得这张地图
That dress looks good on you.	那条连衣裙很适合您
This dog is white.	这只狗是白色的
What if Tom is still alive?	如果汤姆还活着呢
Even with all his money, he's unhappy.	尽管他有那么多钱
They were all dressed in uniforms.	他们全部穿制服了
I suppose he will be back soon.	我想他会很快回来的
How long are you going to stay?	你准备待多久
They don't pay me enough.	他们给我钱没给够
He speaks both English and French.	他会讲英语和法语
He became a pianist.	他成为了一个钢琴家
Someone is at the door.	有人在门口
She wept bitterly.	她痛哭
Please come back home as soon as you can.	请尽快回家
How annoying!	真烦人
What do you think about that?	关于那个你有什么看法
She had her hat blown off by the wind.	她的帽子被风吹掉了
The mirror was shattered.	镜子被摔碎了
She sings very well.	她唱歌非常好
He does not have any friends.	他一个朋友都没有
Will you go to the party tonight?	你今晚会去派对吗
My uncle made me serve as interpreter.	我叔叔让我担任翻译
He has no choice but to resign.	他没有选择
I started learning Chinese last week.	我上周开始学中文了
I can seldom find time for reading.	我很少能抽出时间看书
Who is this person?	这个人是谁
He came to Tokyo at the age of three.	他三岁就到东京了
Eating fish is good for your health.	吃鱼有益于你的健康
This is considered to be a matter of great importance.	这被认为是一件大事
Tom has never been in prison.	汤姆从没进过监狱
You should drink a lot of liquid.	你应该喝大量的液体
Tom turned right when he should've turned left.	汤姆本该往左转却往右转了
Can I borrow your pencil for a bit?	我能用一下你的铅笔吗
This is my bicycle.	这是我的自行车
It's so boring.	真的很无聊
There is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying.	他说的话有一定的道理
Why don't you have some sushi?	为什么不尝尝寿司
His quick temper will get him in trouble one day.	他的急脾气迟早会惹祸上身
We had a mild winter last year.	去年冬天很暖和
Do you go to school on Saturday?	你星期六去上学吗
Tom wanted to follow in his father's footsteps.	汤姆想追随他父亲的脚步
I was kicked out of high school.	我被高中退学了
The ladies were in evening dress.	女士们身着晚礼服
You're blocking my light.	你挡住我的光了
His office is near the train station.	他的办公室离车站很近
Can you tell me where the nearest antique shop is?	你能告诉我最近的古玩店在哪里吗
Everybody likes to goof off.	所有人都喜欢偷懒
You have no need to be ashamed.	你不需要害羞
Tom works alone.	汤姆独自工作
Tom can run fast.	Tom	可以跑得很快
Can I still make it?	我还来得及吗
You'd better do as the doctor advised you.	你最好照着医生的建议做
Who's in charge of this section?	谁负责这个部门
I'm a college student.	我是个大学生
That's enough money to cover the expenses.	那些钱足够支付费用
Don't forget your money.	不要忘记您的钱
He rushed out of the office.	他急忙出了办公室
She gets up late on Sunday mornings.	她每周日早上很晚起床
Are you still in school?	你还在上学吗
I work for a shipping company.	我为一家船运公司工作
Is it OK if I go out with Tom?	我跟汤姆出去逛行吗
I'd like to know the phone number of the nearest American Express office.	我想知道最近的美国运通办事处的电话号码
When will that new school open?	那是新学校什么时候开学
Have you brushed your teeth?	你刷过牙没有
I don't plan to stay for very long.	我没有打算停留太久
How could it be Tom's fault?	它怎么能是汤姆的错
The sky is full of dark clouds.	空中乌云密布
Speak clearly and make yourself heard.	讲清楚并大声地让别人听到你说话
I can't get away from work now.	我现在在工作无法离开
I'll follow you wherever you go.	无论你去哪里我都会跟著你
I always kept my promises.	我一直遵守我的诺言
You made the mistake on purpose, didn't you?	你故意犯这个错
I have no home to return to.	我无家可回
Please look up this word in a dictionary.	请在词典里查这个词
Tom doesn't like me.	汤姆不喜欢我
We enjoyed watching TV.	我们喜欢看电视
It's very special.	它很特别
I know that Tom is in his room changing clothes.	我知道汤姆在他房间里换衣服
I'd like the sauce on the side.	我想要酱料放在旁边
I met Mary yesterday.	昨天我遇见了玛丽
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.	天使畏惧处
Opinions vary from person to person.	观点因人而异
Did he tell you what to do?	他告诉过你要做什么吗
I had a wonderful time.	我度过了美好的时光
She mistook me for my brother.	她把我误认为是我的兄弟
We were very sorry we couldn't help them.	我们很遗憾无法帮助他们
It's fall now.	现在是秋天
I'm satisfied with his progress.	我对他的进步感到很满意
Do I know you?	我认识你吗
I think it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.	我觉得汤姆不太可能会当选
I heard him play the piano once.	我听过一次他弹钢琴
I can't put up with his arrogance.	我不能忍受他的傲慢
The wheel doesn't turn.	轮子不转
Tom was like a member of our family.	汤姆像是我们家庭的一员
I gained two kilos this summer.	这个夏天我胖了两公斤
He must have missed the train.	他一定是错过了这班火车
It would take forever for me to explain everything.	要都解释的话
I haven't yet finished my supper.	我还没吃完晚饭
Why do you want to kill me?	你为什么想杀我
Will you use this?	你要用这东西吗
You sing like an angel.	你唱歌像天使
Did you feed the dog this morning?	你今天早上喂过狗了吗
I have everything that I need.	我有我需要的所有东西
He is one of my neighbors.	他是我的一个邻居
Tom is very kind.	汤姆人很好
How much time has passed?	过了多长时间
I found the book very interesting.	我觉得这本书非常有趣
Don't you ever clean your room?	你从不清扫你的房间吗
This stuff is worth its weight in gold!	这个东西很有价值
Let's go over there.	咱去那吧
Look around.	四处看看
She got on a bus for Harajuku.	她搭上了去原宿的巴士
Is there a supermarket nearby?	这里附近有超市吗
I thought that Tom would be worried.	我以为汤姆会感到担心
It's possible that Tom lied to you.	汤姆有可能对你撒谎了
Did Tom show an interest?	汤姆感兴趣吗
There's something we need to talk about.	我们有些事要谈
I can't stop sneezing.	我止不住打喷嚏
Express yourself as clearly as possible.	尽可能明确地表达你自己
Someone has been here.	有人来过这里
Tell me what to do.	告诉我该做什么
When did she promise to meet him?	她答应几时见他
You needn't have taken an umbrella with you.	你其实没必要带伞
Turn right at the next intersection.	请在下一个十字路口右转
You ought to let Tom know Mary is going to do that.	你该让汤姆知道玛丽要去做
When we're children, everything around us looks so big.	我们小时候
She is hard up for money.	她钱不够
I only took a bite of bread.	我仅仅吃了口面包
I lost my notebook today.	今天我的笔记本掉了
I like the way she laughs at my jokes.	我喜欢她因我的笑话而欢笑的样子
I agree with him.	我同意他
I know that this is important to you.	我知道这对您来说很重要
He did not accept my apologies.	他不接受我的道歉
This is the church where we got married.	这里是我们结婚的教堂
I met your parents yesterday.	昨天我遇到你父母了
Hippopotamuses love water.	河马喜欢水
Bring me today's paper, please.	请帮我把今天的报纸带来
Tom is interested in mountaineering.	汤姆对登山感兴趣
Tom is going to shovel the snow off the roof for us.	汤姆正要为我们铲掉屋顶上的雪
She furnished the room with beautiful furniture.	她用漂亮的家具布置了房间
Are your eyes open?	你睁著眼吗
Tom, are you okay?	汤姆
He threw a stone into the pond.	他扔一块石头到池塘里
How many books does he have?	他有多少册图书
I'll alert Tom.	我会警告汤姆
Are there any questions?	有什么问题吗
The sky is clear almost every day.	天空几乎每天是晴朗的
It's not polite to point at others.	用手指别人是不礼貌的
I went to drink a beer with my friends.	我去和朋友喝了杯啤酒
He is ashamed of his failure.	他为他的失败感到羞耻
Most students walk to school.	大多数学生步行去学校
My body aches all over.	我全身酸痛
He hurt his left foot when he fell.	当他跌倒时
Let's play tennis this afternoon.	让我们今天下午打网球
What kind of a person is Tom?	汤姆是个什么样的人
It's a nice day.	今天天气很好
You've made a mistake.	你犯了个错误
I'm really busy.	我真的好忙
Will you please lend me a stapler?	请你借给我一支订书机好吗
What is the name of that river?	这条河的名字是什么
Could you sign here?	你能在这里签名吗
Tom said Mary thought John might be permitted to do that next weekend.	汤姆说玛丽觉得约翰下周末可能被允许那么做
My parents want to meet you.	我父母想见你
The train got in on time.	火车准时到了
You don't seem to be as afraid as Tom seems to be.	你似乎并不像汤姆看起来那样害怕
Do you know what sadness feels like?	你知道悲伤的滋味么
What do you usually do after dinner?	你通常晚饭后做什么
They don't even know why.	他们甚至不知道为什么
Is there anything you want to eat?	有什么想吃的吗
They eat a lot of rice.	他们吃很多米饭
The population of Japan is larger than that of New Zealand.	日本的人口比新西兰多
Please turn off the light.	请关灯
What do you think would happen if the earth stopped spinning?	如果地球停止自传
Please stop that right now.	请即刻停止
I didn't expect to see you at a place like this.	我都没想过会在这里碰见你
There's no need to hail a taxi.	没必要叫出租车
Tom speaks French a little.	汤姆会说一点法语
I didn't want to mislead anyone.	我不想误导任何人
She continued with the work.	她继续工作
The probe is equipped with a microphone.	探头配有麦克风
Strangely enough, he failed.	很奇怪
She disliked him.	她不喜欢他
Tom has already been told to leave Mary alone.	汤姆已经被告知别再打搅玛丽了
How did you spend your weekend?	你的周末是怎么过的
It's time to talk.	到谈话的时间了
You may go anywhere.	您可以随便去哪儿
Tom was mistaken.	汤姆错了
I went to the hospital.	我去了医院
Is there anything that I shouldn't eat?	有什么东西是我不该吃的吗
Mind your own business!	管好你自己的事吧
I rode my bicycle to the store.	我骑了我的自行车去商店
She's my sister.	她是我的姊妹
Their plan sounds interesting to me.	他们的计划对我来说很有意思
That cloud looks like a rabbit to me.	那朵云对我来说像一只兔子
This is exactly what I need.	这正是我需要的东西
He missed the last train.	他错过了最后一班火车
I don't know what I don't know.	我不知道我不知道什么
I think I should get right to work.	我认为我该马上去工作
There are more important things in life.	人生里有更重要的事情
Keep next Sunday free.	把下周日空出来
Theory and practice should go hand in hand.	理论得联系实际
This book sells well.	那本书卖得很好
He doesn't tell lies.	他不说谎
He speaks ten languages.	他会讲十门语言
You're doing very well. Keep it up.	做得非常好
You don't like gambling, do you?	你不喜欢赌博
Tom asked Mary to buy a gift for John.	汤姆叫玛丽买一份礼物给约翰
Thank you very much for lending me $500 when I was having difficulty making ends meet.	谢谢你在我贫困潦倒之时借给我
We made good time until we ran into a blizzard.	我们路上一帆风顺
Thank you for your reply.	谢谢你的答复
Tom changed into his uniform.	汤姆换上制服
She got married at seventeen.	她十七岁结婚
I had no idea Tom was not happy.	我不知道汤姆不开心
Even if I knew the answer, I wouldn't tell you.	即使我知道答案
This car is the latest model.	这辆车是最新款
What do you have in your bag?	你的袋子里有什么
I don't think that we've been introduced.	我们之前没有见过吧
The plan was executed.	计划被执行了
Good luck.	祝你好运
Who is the secretary?	谁是秘书
Who cares when she gets married?	谁在乎她何时结婚
I saw him cross the road.	我看见他穿过了马路
He is drawing a picture.	他正在画一幅画
Everyone was surprised to see Tom.	每个人看到
The man you met at the station is my father.	你在车站遇到的男人是我爸
His office is past the bank on your left.	经过银行
Have you gone to see a doctor?	你去看过医生了吗
My e-mail address has been changed.	我的电子邮箱改变了
Do you have tinnitus?	你耳鸣吗
Do you know if my father is still in the office?	你知道我父亲是否还在办公室吗
After climbing Mt. Fuji, I got the inspiration for a poem.	攀登富士山后
The town was sleeping peacefully.	城市安睡了
He mistook me for my mother.	他把我误认为是我的母亲
We postponed the meeting.	我们推迟了会议
Tom went to Boston to buy a painting.	汤姆去波士顿买一幅画
I saw it in the newspaper.	我在报纸上看到了它
How time flies!	时间过得多快呀
Tom said that he thought that would probably never happen.	汤姆说他觉得那可能永远不会发生了
If it happened to Tom, it could happen to you.	如果那发生在
I think I'll take a bath tonight.	我想我今晚会洗澡
January is usually the coldest month.	一月通常是最冷的月份
What does everybody else think?	其他人怎么想
This homework is difficult for me.	这个家庭作业对我来说很困难
Which is larger, Japan or England?	日本和英格兰哪个大
There must be some way to solve this.	一定有解决的办法
I had a vision.	我有一个设想
She complained that my salary was low.	她抱怨我的薪水很低
You're a good person.	你是一个好人
He is also very famous in Japan.	他在日本也很有名
The capital of Poland is Warsaw.	波兰的首都是华沙
How lucky you are!	你运气多好啊
We're still nervous.	我们还是紧张
We had a heart-to-heart talk with each other.	我们促膝谈心
That's not entirely wrong.	那不全是错的
All you have to do is to write your name and address here.	你只要在这里写下你的姓名和地址就行了
I didn't go, but stayed at home.	我没去
So what do we do now?	该怎么办呢
I can do it in a week.	我可以在一周内做
We surrender.	我们投降
Three months later, Tom was dead.	三个月后
Despite his riches, he's not contented.	尽管他很富有
Fill in your name and address.	填上你的姓名和地址
What happened to you last night?	昨晚你发生了什么事
Tom wasted time.	汤姆浪费时间
I like both dogs and cats.	我喜欢狗和猫
Most people only want to hear their own truth.	大部分人只想听到他们自己的真理
Tom may come back.	汤姆可能会回来
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.	我们去不去那儿由你来决定
Please tell me about it.	请告诉我关于它的事情
I understand.	我明白了
Your shirt is unbuttoned.	你的衬衫没系上扣子
Tom likes science fiction.	汤姆喜欢科幻
Tom never turned up again.	汤姆没有再出现
He is always asking for money.	他总是要钱
We are all longing for peace in the world.	谁都希望世界和平
When she was thirteen, she ran away from home.	她十三岁的时候离家出走了
Tom told Mary he couldn't do what she asked him to do.	汤姆告诉玛丽他不能做她要他做的事
He was just on the verge of going to sleep.	他快要睡了
When was this university founded?	这所大学是什么时候建的
That smells like cheese.	那闻起来像奶酪
How much was your new computer?	这台电脑你用多少钱买的
She will be seventeen next year.	她明年将满十七岁
He majored in drama at college.	他在大学主修戏剧
Tom is now a software engineer.	汤姆现在是软体工程师
That is our school.	那是我们的学校
Could you tell me where Tom is?	你能告诉我汤姆在哪里吗
He went out in spite of the rain.	尽管下着雨
I hate chemistry.	我讨厌化学
How old are your children?	你的孩子多大了
They aren't dead.	他们没死
Tom has no manners.	Tom	没有礼貌
The dog came running to me.	狗向着我跑了过来
She's still dependent on her parents.	她是啃老族
She grabbed him by the hand.	她抓住他的手
You're sloshed.	你们喝多了
Stay out of this.	别插手
You just saved me a lot of time.	你省了我好多时间
Don't touch it.	别碰它
America did away with slavery.	美国废除了奴隶制度
I wish I had seen her.	但愿我见过她
I'm poor at drawing.	我不擅长画画
Tom doubts whether Mary is honest.	汤姆怀疑玛丽是否诚实
I don't read newspapers much.	我不太看报纸
Sit beside me.	坐我旁边
We gazed at the beautiful scenery.	我们望著这美丽的风景
Where would you like to go next?	你下一步想去哪里
You can ask him for help.	你可以向他求助
Compared to yours, my car is small.	和你的车比起来
People should do their best.	人们应该尽力而为
I had no feeling in my fingers.	我的手指没有感觉
He visited her house the other day.	他前几天拜访了她家
You need a car if you live in the suburbs.	要住在郊区的话
I want to keep my car there.	我想把我的车停放在那里
Do you need to work on Sundays?	你得在星期天工作吗
We need a hero.	我们需要英雄
Can I bring Tom?	我可以带上汤姆吗
I go shopping every other day.	我每隔一天去购物
It's almost time for Tom to go.	汤姆快该走了
I am a new student.	我是个新生
I'm counting on you.	我就指望你了
What's so fun about taking pictures of trains?	拍火车的照片什么的
It's on the tip of my tongue.	它在我的舌尖上
Tom will now be proud of me.	汤姆现在会以我为傲
I will stay until tomorrow.	我会留到明天
He's much taller than you.	他比你高得多
I was planning on going to the beach today, but then it started to rain.	我本来预备今天去海滩的
Have you been busy since yesterday?	你从昨天开始就忙吗
You've got a great sense of humor.	你有很好的幽默感
"She likes music." "So do I."	“	她喜欢音乐
I'm looking for work.	我在找工作
Could you please pass me the salt?	请你把盐递给我好吗
At last, he came.	最终
How much is the commission?	手续费是多少
There's a telephone in the hall.	走廊里有一部电话
He died without having made a will.	他没有留下任何遗言就死了
This book says that elephants live to be over 100 years old.	这本书上写
A stranger spoke to me on the bus.	在公车上
Don't leave me here alone.	别把我一个人留在这里
Your guess is almost right.	你差不多猜对了
Do you know how to do this?	你知道怎么做吗
More and more people are moving to urban areas.	越来越多的人迁往市区
I'd like some more water.	请再给我一些水
She put the key in her pocket.	她把钥匙放在她的口袋里
Tom tried to return the swimsuit for a larger size, but the clerk told him that wasn't allowed.	汤姆试过还回泳衣来换成更大一号的
The law is full of ambiguities.	法律有很多不明确的地方
Boys, don't make any noise.	男孩们
It isn't spring yet.	春天尚未来临
She stayed in the house all day.	她整天待在房子里
How do I change my cell phone's ringtone?	我要怎么换我的手机铃声呢
Look it up in your dictionary.	查查你的字典
I should tell Tom what I have to do.	我应该告诉汤姆我该做甚么
Turn on the radio, please.	请将收音机打开
You may as well tell me all about it.	你不妨告诉我一切
Do you feel like going swimming?	你想去游泳吗
We had a heavy frost this morning.	今天早上下厚霜了
This is the place where the battle of Hastings took place.	这里是黑斯廷斯战役发生的地方
Don't you miss anything?	难道你不想念什么吗
Keep Tom safe.	确保汤姆安全
I understand your position perfectly.	我十分理解你的立场
Will you help me move this desk?	你能帮我搬这张桌子吗
Make yourself at home.	就当在家一样
Time is money.	时间就是金钱
I'd like you to come back next week.	我想让你下周回来
It is rude to stare at someone.	盯著别人看是不礼貌的
We are against working on Sundays.	我们反对星期日工作
We enjoy reading books.	我们喜欢阅读书籍
She was so curious that she opened the box.	她太过好奇
It goes without saying that money cannot buy happiness.	不言自明
Since he is old, this task must be difficult for him.	他老了
The students are talking about language and culture.	学生们在探讨语言和文化
Let's be realistic.	现实点吧
I think you're quite right.	我认为你说得很对
We want to know.	我们想知道
Answer my questions.	回答我的问题
He does well in physics.	他的物理学得很好
She wrote a book about birds.	她写了一本关于鸟类的书
Tom wrung out the towel and hung it up to dry.	汤姆拧干毛巾挂起来晾干
She slept for a few hours.	她睡了几小时
See above.	参见上文
Don't laugh.	别笑
It snowed a lot.	下了很多的雪
This flag is very pretty.	这面旗子很漂亮
Tom used to eat a lot of junk food.	汤姆以前经常吃很多垃圾食品
I went to bed at twelve last night.	我昨晚十二点去睡的
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.	一个大写字母被使用在一个句子的开头
The criminal has not been caught yet.	那个犯人还没被抓到
Do you have any light beer?	你有任何淡啤酒吗
Give her the book.	把这本书给她
Have a pleasant journey.	旅途愉快
It is cruel of him to say such things to her.	他跟她说这样的话真是太残忍了
Winter is coming.	冬季快来了
I know what you mean.	我知道你的意思
He comes from England.	他来自英格兰
There were no more free seats.	没有更多免费座位了
Cosmetic surgery is not covered by most insurance plans.	大部份的保险计划不包含整容手术
It began to snow.	开始下雪了
It's for you to decide.	这由你来决定
A fly can walk on the ceiling.	苍蝇能在天花板上走
They hated Tom.	他们恨汤姆
If you had a million dollars, what would you do?	你有
I don't have any sisters.	我没有姐妹
Columbus argued that he could reach India by going west.	哥伦布提出
What time is it now in Boston?	波士顿现在几点
That child can count to twenty.	这孩子能数到
Hardly anyone thinks that we are sisters.	几乎没有人认为我们是姐妹
Take me home.	带我回家
It isn't easy to write a love letter in English.	用英文写情书不容易
I think my right arm is broken.	我想我的右手臂断了
How much is this hat?	这顶帽子多少钱
You want to be excused from doing that, don't you?	你想通过做那件事而得到原谅是吗
Thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night.	谢谢那天晚上请我吃了饭
Please turn off the lights.	请关灯
He has made a fortune through hard work.	他通过努力挣了大笔钱
He's highly intelligent.	他聪明得很
She is going to have a baby.	她将生孩子
I tried very hard to put an end to their heated argument.	我努力地平息他们不断加温的争执
Tom found me a taxi.	汤姆帮我叫了辆计程车
Everyone knows of his affection for that dog.	每个人都知道他对那狗的感情
Come as soon as possible.	尽早来
He shook hands with his friend.	他和他的朋友握手
He has powerful arms.	他的手臂很有力
They're typical young people.	他们是典型的年轻人
There's an outside chance of winning.	赢的机会微乎其微
He has a good appetite.	他的胃口很好
He introduced his daughter to me.	他把他的女儿介绍给我认识
They gave him up for lost.	他们为失败放弃了他
I'm terribly sorry.	我非常抱歉
What is your phone number?	您的手机号码是多少
Your wife is mad at you.	你太太在生你的气
I had a nice chat with her.	我和她聊得很愉快
I made up my mind to go there.	我决定去那里
He went to New York by airplane.	他搭飞机到纽约了
She has been to Paris.	她去过巴黎
Your problem and mine are similar.	你我的问题很相似
I want you to read this letter.	我想你读一下这封信
Don't tell lies.	别说谎
She plays the violin very well.	她小提琴演奏得非常好
They never give up.	他们永不言弃
I'm going downtown.	我进城去
I'm the one who has to do this.	我是必须去做这事的人
There are some cookies in the jar.	罐子里有一些饼干
Your opinion is similar to mine.	你的意见跟我的相似
Can you wait about an hour?	能麻烦您等一个小时左右吗
Sit down and rest for a while.	坐下来休息一会儿
She doesn't have any friends or relatives to take care of her.	她没有任何亲戚朋友照顾她
My father stopped drinking.	父亲戒酒了
How come you didn't say anything?	你为什么都不说话
Those flowers have died.	那些花已经枯死了
Don't waste your time.	别浪费时间
She must be sick.	她一定是生病了
I have some money.	我有一些钱
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."	"	山洞里发生了什么事
I helped my mother wash the dishes.	我帮妈妈洗碗了
Safety is what matters most.	安全是最重要的事情
He comes back from Sydney today.	他今天从雪梨回来
Better late than never.	迟做总比不做好
What do you think about that?	你认为如何
Did Tom say who?	汤姆说是谁了吗
France is running a welfare state it can no longer afford.	法国是一个福利国家
Go get your passport.	去拿你的护照
I can't recall the last time we met.	我想不起来我们上次见面的情况了
If the car breaks down, we'll walk.	如果车子坏了
Don't enter the room without permission.	未经允许请勿进入这个房间
I don't know what the time is.	我不知道现在几点钟
After asking for my key at the front desk, I took the elevator to my floor.	我到柜台拿了钥匙
Do you think you could make a little less noise?	你觉得你能少发点噪音吗
I wish he had attended the meeting.	要是他有参加这场会议就好了
I waste a lot of time daydreaming.	我浪费了很多时间作白日梦
I don't know who to choose.	我不知道该选谁
Do you not understand basic logic?	你不懂基本逻辑吗
The future looked very gloomy.	前途一片阴暗
There was no money for rebuilding.	没有重建的钱
Let's go!	我们开始吧
The lights aren't on.	灯没有亮着
Beauty is but skin deep.	美貌只是表面性的东西
I don't want to drink anything.	我什么都不想喝
I have no friends.	我没有朋友
I can do it myself.	我可以自己做
She looks young, but in reality she's over 40.	她看起来是年轻的
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.	这是我吃过的最好的餐馆之一
No one's going to find you.	没有人要去找你
She had her handbag stolen.	她的手提包被偷了
Did you go to the art exhibition?	你去看艺术展览了吗
Generally, Japanese people are shy.	一般而言
I listen to the radio after dinner.	晚饭后我听收音机
I have an umbrella in my car.	我的车里有伞
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.	山坡上有一个茅屋
We have to do something, Tom.	汤姆
My house is fully insured.	我的房子绝对保险
Is death the only way out?	死是唯一的解脱吗
Everyone noticed.	所有人都注意到了
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.	要想成功只需要无知和自信
I had a feeling this might happen.	我早就有感觉到这可能会发生
I want to talk with your uncle.	我想和你的舅舅谈一谈
Are you sure that Tom is in Australia now?	你确定汤姆现在在澳洲吗
Tom is a dolphin trainer.	汤姆是海豚训练员
Usually I cycle or get the bus to work.	我通常骑自行车或乘公交车去上班
She has very nice-looking handwriting.	她的笔迹漂亮极了
I feel sad.	我很难过
Do your best in anything you do.	你做任何事都要尽全力
Spring will come soon.	春天快来了
We're eating apples.	我们在吃苹果
My vacation went by quickly.	我的假期一下就过完了
I look forward to it.	我很期待哦
Can't you get by on your salary?	靠你的收入你不能过活吗
I hate my neighbor.	我讨厌我的邻居
Best wishes from all of us.	我们所有人都祝福你
She asked him why he was crying, but he didn't answer.	她问他为什么哭
Paper catches fire easily.	纸容易着火
I think you're going to want to sit down.	我觉得你想坐下
He would not raise my salary.	他不肯给我涨工资
There's nothing to prevent you from going.	没什么能阻止你出发了
A boat suddenly appeared out of the mist.	一艘船突然从雾中出现
Study hard, and you'll succeed.	努力学习
The train arrived on schedule.	火车准时到了
It's very big of you to admit you're wrong.	你能承认你错了是很伟大的
Birds sing.	鸟儿歌唱
Show me your passport, please.	请把您的护照给我看一下
He is a DJ.	他是一个
That's an interesting idea.	那是个有趣的主意
He is a doctor.	他是医生来的
He's staying at his aunt's.	他呆在他阿姨家
Why do you know that?	你为什么会知道
Excuse me, where are the eggs?	请问鸡蛋在哪里
Why did she do that?	为什么她要做这种事情呢
Tom and Mary even always wear the same color clothes.	汤姆和玛丽甚至经常穿同样颜色的衣服
School starts next week.	学校下周开学
I don't like winter.	我不喜欢冬天
I like walking at night.	我喜欢在夜晚走路
It was an interesting debate.	这是场有趣的辩论
Tom arrived after I left.	汤姆在我走后到了
I remember seeing her somewhere.	我记得在哪儿见过她
What color is your new car?	你的新车是甚么颜色的
What's your phone number?	你的电话是多少
He went to Nagoya on business.	他到名古屋洽谈业务
Tom glanced away.	汤姆瞥了一眼就移开目光了
He was seriously injured in the car accident.	他在车祸中受了重伤
No one wants that.	这个没人要
I think that Tom should go on a diet.	我觉得汤姆需要减肥了
Try this.	试试这个
Tickets are on sale now.	现在售票
She was advised by him to go to the police.	他劝她去报警
She can do both at the same time.	她可以同时做这两件事
Tom pretended he was a doctor.	汤姆假装他是一名医生
Tom doesn't want to talk to anyone.	汤姆不想跟任何人说话
How long are you going to be in Boston?	你要在波士顿待多久
You will soon get accustomed to your new school.	你很快就会适应你的新学校
His way of thinking is very childish.	他的思维方式很幼稚
He may have taken the wrong train.	他可能搭错火车了
I want to live here.	我想住在这里
Having a slight headache, I went to bed early.	因为我有点头疼
They named their son Tom.	他们给他们的儿子取名叫汤姆
I poured water into the bucket.	我把水倒入了桶子里
I studied for a while this morning.	我今天早上读了一会儿书
Where's my father?	我父亲在哪里
The funeral was yesterday.	葬礼是昨天
You don't have to go unless you want to.	你不想去就别去
He's not breaking the law.	他没违法
Tom got first prize, didn't he?	汤姆得了第一名
He collected bits of information.	他收集了一些讯息
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想不通过考试
How unfortunate!	可怜
The two teams fought very hard.	两队打了场硬仗
I'm a vegetarian.	我是素食主义者
What are you going to do?	你要做什么
The room was cleaned by Tom.	这房间是由汤姆清扫的
Tom ate half the cake by himself.	汤姆独自吃了半个蛋糕
Is there a place where I can charge my cellphone around here?	这附近有没有可以给手机充电的地方
I've been busy repairing things.	我一直在忙着修东西
Tom has gone back home to Boston.	汤姆回波士顿的家去了
I met a friend at the airport.	我在机场见了个朋友
We have a special connection.	我们有特殊联系
He can speak Russian as well.	他还会说俄语
My wife is afraid to drive my new car.	我的妻子害怕开我的新车
Much of London was destroyed in the seventeenth century.	伦敦许多部份在十七世纪时被摧毁
I helped him with his homework.	我帮他做他的家庭作业
Would you mind explaining this?	你愿意解释吗
Tom is polite and sensitive.	汤姆既彬彬有礼又善解人意
I'll peel an orange for you.	我给你剥橙子
I don't like novels without heroes.	我不喜欢没有英雄的小说
Be careful not to drive the wrong way on a one-way street.	小心不要在单行道逆向行驶
Keep the change!	不用找零钱了
English is an international language.	英语是国际语言
I don't have any friends to help me.	我没朋友帮我
She complained to me of his rudeness.	她向我抱怨他的粗鲁无礼
This is very good.	这很好
She really wants to lose weight.	她真的想减肥
She pressed her nose against the glass.	她把鼻子贴在玻璃上
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想考试失败
You may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures.	如果你不按照安全手续来的话
You're welcome.	您不必感谢我
He has never played golf.	他从没打过高尔夫球
From time to time, he goes to Tokyo on business.	他时不时地因为工作去东京
Get me some towels from the bathroom.	给我从浴室拿几条毛巾来
Someone has walked off with my pencil.	有人偷走了我的铅笔
He couldn't stand the bitterness of the coffee.	他受不了咖啡的苦味
Tom searched inside the closet.	汤姆搜查了衣柜里面
My problem is I don't trust you.	我的问题是我不信任你
Japan depends on other countries for oil.	日本的石油依靠进口
I've been learning to drive.	我一直在学开车
He disguised himself as a woman.	他打扮得像女人一样
I can do this myself.	我可以自己做
I'm fixing the radio that I found on my way home.	我在修理回家路上捡到的收音机
She was able to answer whatever was asked.	不管问了什么
The hunter shot and killed the fox.	猎人射死了狐狸
Why did you leave the class yesterday?	您昨天为什么离开教室
He had a large family to support.	他要养活一个大家庭
He will play golf next Sunday.	他下周日将打高尔夫球
I ate an apple.	我吃了一个苹果
I need my coat.	我需要我的大衣
Mary is tall.	玛丽很高
Two beers, please.	请来两杯啤酒
I can't see anything.	我看不到任何东西
Please sit on the sofa and relax.	请坐在沙发上放轻松
Is that a picture of me?	那是我的照片吗
Let's synchronize our watches.	让我们校对一下表吧
He wants a book to read.	他想找本书来读
What's in this bag?	这个袋子里是什么
There are twelve months in a year.	一年有十二个月
We still have plenty of time left.	我们还剩下很多时间
A beautiful lake lay just beyond the forest.	森林外有一个美丽的湖泊
She looked away.	她转移了视线
She called me many times.	她打了很多次电话给我
His mother came to pick him up.	他的母亲来接他了
I didn't sing.	我没唱歌
Tom will follow my advice.	汤姆会听从我的建议
What are you learning?	你在学什么
This is just for you.	这是只给你的
That can't be Mary. She's in the hospital now.	那不可能是玛丽
I didn't mean to be selfish.	自私不是我的本意
The living room furniture was modern in style.	客厅的家具是现代风格
This ticket is valid for three days.	这张票三日有效
Please say it once more.	请再说一次
Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.	八点半开始上课
I think this medicine will do you good.	我想这药会对您有好处的
He took a taxi to get there in time.	他打出租车以及时赶到
I am a man.	我是个男人
Tom is a very bad person.	汤姆是个非常坏的人
Thanks for yesterday.	昨天的事真的要谢谢您了
I didn't believe them.	我不相信他们
He gave the child a toy.	他给了孩子一个玩具
She sat on the bench.	她坐在长椅上
I really have to be going.	我真的得走了
I remember locking the door.	我记得锁门了
What kind of shampoo do you use?	你用哪种洗发水
How long did it take to do that?	你做那事用了多久
You are responsible for the result.	你要对结果负责
Who's the author of this story?	这本小说的作者是谁
He will be busy tomorrow.	他明天会很忙
This makes me so angry.	这让我非常愤怒
Because of the rain, we weren't able to play tennis outside.	由于下雨
Tom is very angry now.	汤姆现在很生气
Are you happy?	你开心吗
Do you like school?	您喜欢学校吗
The moonlight is really beautiful.	月光真美
You have many books.	您有很多书
What's not necessary?	什么是不必要的
I have to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.	我该去买东西了
Everybody was confused.	每个人都很困惑
I don't like to sing in public.	我不喜欢在公共场合唱歌
This bridge was built two years ago.	这座桥是在两年前建造的
It's not as hard as you think.	那个没你想象的那么难
She doesn't like the way I speak.	她不喜欢我说话的方式
Say hi to your father for me.	代我向你父亲问好
Won't you have some more tea?	您不想再喝点茶吗
I can come tomorrow.	我明天能来
I carried the box on my shoulder.	我把盒子扛在肩上
I am dying for a cold drink.	我迫切需要冷饮
Since you're here, we might as well begin.	既然你在这里
Can I borrow your car?	我能借你的车吗
What's your favorite way to cook beans?	你最喜欢用什么方法煮豆子
I wonder if you have something to write with.	我怀疑你是否有东西可写
Please say it more loudly.	请说更大声一点
School begins on April the tenth.	学校在四月十日开学
There's no salt left.	没盐了
He is afraid of his own shadow.	他怕自己的影子
When I heard the news, I wanted to cry.	当我听到这个消息时
He knows how to make a radio.	他知道如何做收音机
We don't think so.	我们不这样认为
She said that she was happy.	她说了她很幸福
He put away his toys.	他收起了他的玩具
I signed the document.	我签署了文件
Who gave them to you?	谁给了你这些东西
She is on a diet.	她在节食
We like playing soccer.	我们喜欢踢足球
Tom is a bit snobbish.	汤姆有一点势利
I took the children to school.	我带孩子们去上学
Don't forget your money.	不要忘记你的钱
He is my old friend.	他是我的老朋友
I'm going to be out today.	我今天将会外出
Were you happy?	你开心吗
If it had not been for civil war, they would be wealthy now.	要不是当初有内战
She gave me plenty to eat.	她给了我很多吃的东西
We've only got one chance.	我们只有一次机会
That's nonsense. Nobody but a fool would believe it.	那是无稽之谈
We're next-door neighbors.	我们是隔着墙的邻居
No pain, no gain.	一分耕耘
We won't go out unless it stops raining.	除非雨停了
We were born to die.	我们是为了死亡而诞生的
She made room for an old lady.	她让出个空间给一位老太太
Some people like volleyball, others enjoy tennis.	有些人喜欢排球
Since my mother was sick, I stayed home from school.	既然母亲病了
I'm old enough to live by myself.	我年纪够大了可以自己一个人住
Please sign here.	请在这里签名
He and his sisters are currently living in Tokyo.	他和他的姐妹们目前都住在东京
How about calling it a day?	今天就做到这里如何
Mary can dance well.	玛丽舞跳得很好
He denies having broken the window.	他否认打破了窗口
I know the real reason you don't want to go.	我知道你不想去的真实原因
Tom and Mary were both born in Boston.	汤姆和玛丽都生在波士顿
Let me work in peace.	让我安心工作
Tom declined to give details.	汤姆拒绝提供详细信息
Can you come for dinner tonight?	你今天晚上能来吃饭吗
I want to know where they are.	我想知道他们在哪
If you don't kill them, they'll kill you.	你不杀他们
Translate the underlined part.	翻译划线部分
Let's take a trip to New York.	去纽约旅行吧
You've been causing problems.	你一直在制造麻烦
He has been in Hokkaido before.	他以前曾在北海道
It is important to help each other.	重要的是要互相帮助
You guys looked mad.	你们那时候看起来在生气
According to newspaper reports, there was an airplane accident last evening.	根据报载
The sun gives us light and heat.	太阳提供我们光和热
Be patient.	耐心等着
I'm sorry I misunderstood you.	我很抱歉误会了您
I bought a red sports car.	我买了一辆红色的跑车
We work every day but Sunday.	我们除了周日每一天都工作
Tom sneaked up behind Mary.	汤姆鬼鬼祟祟地遛近了玛丽身后
He has been waiting for an hour.	他已经等了一个小时
Would you like to have another beer?	再来一杯啤酒怎么样
Let me give you a lift as far as the station.	让我送你到车站吧
I suspect they water down the beer in that pub.	我怀疑那家酒馆的啤酒兑水了
May I ask a question?	我能问个问题吗
Customs include food, celebrations and dancing.	风俗习惯包括食物
They can wait.	他们等得了
This river is the widest in Europe.	这条河是欧洲最宽的
Tom runs fast.	汤姆跑得快
I hope that your brother is better.	我希望你弟弟好点了
Turn back, please.	请回来
How did he find us?	他怎么找到我们的
I didn't have time to take a shower today.	我今天没时间冲澡
What's your phone number?	你电话号码是多少
I'm just looking.	我只是随便看看
Are you wearing a watch?	你有戴手表吗
Japan is famous for Mt. Fuji.	日本以富士山闻名
She thanked us for our help.	她感谢我们的帮助
A full moon can be seen tonight.	今晚能看到满月
I still can't believe I did it.	我仍旧无法相信我居然做了这种事
At last, it began to rain.	终于开始下雨了
Stick another stamp on the envelope.	把另一张邮票贴在信封上
Tom was arrested for driving without a license.	汤姆因无证驾驶而被逮捕
It snowed last night.	昨晚下了雪
The homework is due next Monday.	交作业的截止日期是下周一
This book's new.	这本书是新的
She cried.	她哭了
He wants to be a scientist in the future.	他想成为科学家
The basket was filled with strawberries.	篮子里装满了草莓
When did he say he would come?	他说他什么时候会来
Wait here.	在这等着
Stop complaining.	别再埋怨了
This is not very stylish.	这不是很流行
You look just like your big brother.	你和你哥哥长得一模一样
It is me that is wrong.	是我错了
We all felt sorry for Tom.	我们都为
He appears to be strong and healthy.	他看起来健康强壮
"How are you?" "I am fine, thank you."	“	你怎么样
I like tennis and golf.	我喜欢网球和高尔夫
The sky turned dark.	天暗了下来
Let's do it another time.	改天再说吧
Did she come here to relax?	她来这里放松的吗
I wish Tom were my younger brother.	我希望汤姆是我的弟弟
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.	明天他会在月球降落
Tom wished he could understand French.	汤姆希望他能懂法语
I'm a waiter.	我是服务生
These boxes are made of plastic.	这些箱子是由塑料制成的
Everybody is fine.	每个人都好
Where can we make a phone call?	我们能在哪里打电话
He has a good grasp of English.	他精通英文
You won't be late, will you?	你不会迟到
I will telephone you later on.	我晚点打给你
There is a kite flying above the tree.	有一只风筝在树上
He asked for some money.	他要了一些钱
Those apples are big.	那些苹果很大
I've never met her.	我以前从没见过她
She is collecting material for a book.	她为一本书收集材料
How are we going to pay for that?	我们怎么付钱
You should be more careful.	你应该要更小心
I want something hot to drink.	我想喝点热的饮料
Today is very warm.	今天很热
I'm tired of writing.	我写腻了
Water is very important.	水非常重要
Tom had no reason to be angry.	汤姆没有动怒的理由
He had a book on physics published.	他有一本关于物理学的书被出版了
How was your test?	你的测验怎么样
Tom is wearing the same clothes as he was yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
He's writing a long letter.	他写长信
Lake Towada is famous for its beauty.	十和田湖以它的美丽闻名
Some of them are healthy, but others are not.	他们中的一些人身体健康
Pride comes before a fall.	骄傲是失败的先行者
Mary had been knitting for an hour when I called.	我打电话过去时
Are you being paid for doing this?	是有人花钱让你做这事吗
He married a stewardess.	他娶了一位空姐
Nowadays many people travel by car.	现在很多人开车去旅行
Her eyes shone with joy when she saw that her mother was not mad at her.	当她看到妈妈没在生她的气
I don't want to wait.	我不想等
She was in America last month.	她上个月在美国
Don't come into my room.	不要进入我的房间
Many Asians have English as a common language.	许多亚洲人以英语作为共用的语言
Fashion is not my specialty.	时装不是我的天分
There are some empty bottles in the box.	盒子里有些空瓶
Cash donations will be accepted.	接受现金捐赠
He pretended not to hear me.	他假装没有听见我
He says he won't come.	他说他不会来
You said that you'd help me.	你说过你会帮我的
I'm afraid to go alone.	我害怕一个人去
He postponed leaving for Hokkaido until next month.	他延迟到下个月去北海道
You should do the honorable thing and resign.	你应该光荣地辞职
He was snoring loudly while he slept.	他睡着的时候
It's so secret that even I don't know what it's all about.	这太秘密了
We have a test tomorrow.	我们明天有个测验
She has an agreeable voice.	她的声音令人愉快
I don't have a bike.	我没有脚踏车
My hobby is playing the piano.	我的嗜好就是弹钢琴
I received an invitation.	我收到了一张请帖
He joined the Army during the war.	他在战时参军
I'd like to join your group.	我想加入你们的团对
We can do more than they can.	我们能比他们做得多
Would you like to dance with me?	你愿意和我跳舞吗
UFO stands for unidentified flying object.	UFO	代表不明飞行物体
I'll see you a week from today.	我下星期的今天会和你见面
I have to speak with you immediately.	我必须马上和你说话
He tries.	他来试试
She felt herself being lifted up.	她觉得自己好像被举起来了
Where can I catch a bus?	我可以在哪里搭公车
Grandpa bought it for me!	爷爷买给我的
I didn't see anybody.	我什么人都没看见
Something weird's going on.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
This is kind of interesting.	这有点意思
Losing your health is worse than losing your money.	丧失健康比丧失金钱更糟糕
Do you know what Tom will say?	你知道汤姆会说甚么吗
I don't want to go there. He doesn't want to go either.	我不想去那儿
Your time is running out.	你的时间快用完了
I like taking walks in the woods.	我喜欢在树林里散步
I'm currently a teacher at this school.	我现在在这所学校任教
This shirt costs ten dollars.	这衬衫要十元
Tom applied for the job.	汤姆申请了这份工作
What's the weight of your suitcase?	你的行李多重
He sipped the hot coffee slowly.	他慢慢地啜饮热咖啡
Tom works in a windowless office.	汤姆在没有窗户的办公室里工作
I need to go to the toilet.	我要去上厕所
Please come in.	请进来
He speaks too fast.	他说话太快了
Do as you please.	你可以随心所欲
Do you like playing volleyball?	你喜欢打排球吗
She couldn't attend that party because she was sick.	她因病不能出席会议
Her son was killed in the accident.	她儿子在车祸中丧生
"Where have you been?" "I have been to the station to see a friend off."	“	你去哪儿了
Nobody believed what I said.	没有人相信我说的话
You can take whatever you like.	你想拿什么就拿什么
Do you know the reason why he cut class today?	你知道为什么他今天逃课了吗
The curry at this restaurant is good.	这家饭馆的咖哩挺好
I'm a waiter.	我是服务员
What time do you close?	你们几点关门
I've already had lunch.	我已经吃过午餐了
I could see that.	我能看见
He was driving the car at full speed.	他全速驾驶着
Promises are made to be broken.	诺言就是用来打破的
His plan is dangerous!	他的计划是危险的
It was just a joke.	我这么说只是开个玩笑
There is a bookstore in front of the department store.	百货商店前有个书店
Do you have anything to eat?	你有东西吃吗
I've decided.	我决定了
You're doing it right.	你做得对
We must take into account the wishes of all the family in planning a trip.	筹划旅行的时候
It's very kind of you to help me.	有你帮我真好
The girl wore a yellow ribbon in her hair.	那女孩的头发上绑了一根黄丝带
There are many Americans who can speak Japanese.	有很多美国人会说日语
He was standing behind the door.	他站在门后
Do you have a favorite color?	你有喜欢的颜色吗
You have to go to the hospital.	你必须去医院
Do I have to bring my son to your office?	我必须带我的儿子到你的办公室吗
How about eating out this evening?	今天晚上出去吃怎样
My teeth aren't as white as I'd like them to be.	我的牙齿没有我希望的那样白
My mother never punishes me.	我母亲从来没有惩罚过我
I ache all over.	我全身酸痛
I don't mind if it's a little cold.	稍微冷一点没关系
I've caught a bad cold.	我得了重感冒
Happy New Year!	新年快乐
I'd like a glass of water, please.	请给我一杯水
She was washing the dishes.	那时她正在洗碗
Tom woke when the phone rang.	当电话铃响的时候
It's amazing.	太神奇了
Tom slept until noon.	汤姆睡到中午
A dog can run faster than a man can.	狗跑得比人快
I don't feel like studying English today.	我今天不想学习英语
Tom seems to be prepared.	汤姆看来准备好了
Nobody knows what will happen in the future.	人不知道未来可能发生什么事
Why are you so mad?	你为什么这么生气
What more would you want?	你还想要什么
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.	尽管天气很冷
Tokyo is the largest city in Japan.	东京是日本最大的城市
Tom is fluent in French.	汤姆的法语说的很流畅
I had no idea Tom wasn't happy.	我不知道汤姆不开心
This letter has no signature.	这封信没署名
Don't leave the water running.	不要让水一直流
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain.	日本的人口比英国多
Shut the door on your way out.	出去的时候把门关上
What did you name your son?	你给你儿子起什么名字
He was appointed ambassador to Britain.	他被任命为驻英国大使
I need a raise.	我需要加薪
I can't believe that.	我不能相信
Tom abandoned hope.	汤姆放弃了希望
In the winter, many older people slip on ice and fall down.	在冬天有很多老人在冰上滑倒
Please take a look at this picture.	请看看这张照片
I play tennis an hour a day.	我每天打一小时网球
If she was displeased, she never showed it.	如果她不高兴
I hear that you play the piano.	我听说你弹钢琴
The soldier gave water to me.	士兵给了我水
This wine is very good.	这酒很好
A true scientist wouldn't think like that.	一个正确的科学家不会那样想
I want to see him very much.	我非常想见到他
The house was in flames.	房子被火吞噬了
He is poor.	他很穷
I'm not sure of the exact date.	我不确定确切的日期
It's not a cat. It's a dog.	它不是猫
I hope that Mary passes the examination.	我希望玛丽通过考试
English is spoken in Canada.	在加拿大的人说英语
What time is it by your watch?	你表上是几点
He denied having stolen the money.	他否认偷了钱
He made me his own assistant.	他让我做他的助理
At home, we speak only French.	在家里
The baby is sleeping in the cradle.	婴儿正在摇篮里睡觉
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.	所有的马都是动物
Did you do your homework by yourself?	你自己做回家作业的吗
When are you going to get married?	你什么时候要结婚
He was satisfied with the work he had done.	他对自己的劳动成果很满意
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."	“	洞里发生了什么
Tom became blind.	汤姆失明了
While napping, I had a strange dream.	我睡午觉的时候做了个怪梦
Turn it off.	把它关掉
I'd like to ask you a few more questions.	我想问再你几个问题
Tom could've called the police.	汤姆本可以报警的
Take good care of yourself.	照顾好你自己
I will give you whatever you want.	我会给你任何你想要东西
Will you please show me the way?	请你告诉我路怎么走好吗
Do whatever he tells you.	他跟你说什么
We must try to break the deadlock.	我们必须设法打破这个僵局
He wrote a letter.	他写了一封信
I don't think Tom is going to be too much help.	我认为汤姆帮不上大忙
Tom can't find his bag.	汤姆找不到他的包了
Because of the typhoon, my parents ended their trip one day early.	因为台风的关系
Don't underestimate my power.	不要低估我的力量
You have to give Tom more time.	你必须给汤姆更多时间
I haven't finished reading this book yet.	我还没读完这本书
He is lying through his teeth.	他明显在撒谎
That isn't altogether false.	那不全是错的
This store is currently selling vegetables.	这家店在卖蔬菜
You haven't changed at all.	你真的一点没变
It's time to leave.	是时候离开了
The train has arrived.	这班火车已经到了
He put the book on the shelf.	他把书放在了书架上
There is only one bath towel.	只有一条浴巾
Traffic is a major urban problem.	交通是都市的一个主要问题
Can I say something?	我可以说些什么吗
Is it safe to eat cockroaches?	吃蟑螂安全吗
A DNA test showed he was innocent.	DNA	检测表明
Show me your passport, please.	请给我看看您的护照
He's a bit lively.	他有点活泼
"Will you be at my party tomorrow night?" "I'll try to be there."	“	你明天会来我的聚会吗
The big tree was struck by lightning.	这棵大树遭到雷击
Mary is very cute.	玛丽非常可爱
They made him do the work again.	他们要他再做一次这个工作
Will Tom really do that?	汤姆真要做吗
He has a lot of original ideas.	他有很多独到的见解
That would be unlikely.	那不太可能
Tom is already used to that.	汤姆已经习惯了
Interest rates are still low.	利率还是低
Shame on you!	你真丢脸
I haven't seen him for years.	我有些年没见过他了
Welcome back.	欢迎回来
I can't believe Tom is really planning to do this.	我无法相信汤姆真的打算做这事儿
Don't worry about me.	不要担心我
Congratulations!	祝贺你
I like rugby, but not as much as I like basketball.	我喜欢橄榄球
He must love you.	他一定很爱你
I have just eaten lunch.	我刚吃过午饭
You really are an idiot.	你真的是
If by any chance I'm late, please don't wait for me.	万一我来晚的话
Just water, please.	请给我水就好了
I was deeply impressed by the scenery.	我被这景色深深迷住了
He flew a kite with his son.	他和他的儿子放风筝了
A friend in need is a friend indeed.	在你有需要的时候
That's a stupid question.	这是一个愚蠢的问题
I received a letter from her.	我收到了她的来信
I didn't mean that.	我没有那个意思
The song reminds me of my home.	这首歌让我想家了
I'm sorry to hear it.	我听了感到抱歉
Hasn't Tom told you anything?	汤姆什么都没告诉你吗
Tom likes to listen to music while he's doing his homework.	Tom	很喜欢一边听歌一边做作业
I had to abstain from smoking while I was in the hospital.	在医院的时候
The program is on the air.	那个节目现在正在播出
She called me many a time.	她叫了我很多次
She tried to commit suicide.	她企图自杀
This flower is beautiful, isn't it?	这朵花很美
I like flowers.	我喜欢花
She will give her picture to whoever wants it.	她会把她的照片给想要的人
Is Tom a good guy?	汤姆是好人
I know someone who might be able to help.	我知道有个人可能能帮忙
Tom ripped out the page.	汤姆把这一页撕掉了
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
I'm your lawyer.	我是你的律师
See you tomorrow at the library.	明天图书馆见
If you have time, let's go shopping.	要是你有空的话
I am sneezing.	我打喷嚏了
I was very impressed by his story.	他的故事给我留下了很深的印象
I really liked the gift you gave me.	我真喜欢你给我的礼物
Tom shaves three times a week.	汤姆每周刮脸三次
I almost always play baseball after school.	我几乎总是在放学后打棒球
She's neither rich nor famous.	她既没钱
Dad gave me a book, and my little brother gave me a pen.	爸爸给了我一本书
I've got a headache.	我头痛
Did Tom talk to Mary?	汤姆跟玛丽说话了吗
You've got to learn to hold your tongue.	你应该学著闭上你的嘴
I'd like to visit your country someday.	我想某一天拜访你的国家
You've set a bad example.	你做了个坏榜样
He doesn't look his age.	他的长相与年龄不符
I think I know who did it.	我认为我知道是谁做的
Do you feel any better today?	你今天感觉好多了吗
Do you mind if I turn off the light?	您介不介意我把灯关了
I found the book interesting.	我觉得这本书很有意思
Tom is not a very good driver.	汤姆不是一个好司机
I hear that she's a famous actress.	我听说她是个有名的演员
Why are you so mean to me?	你为什么对我这么小气
What do you make?	你做什么
He asked me if I was busy.	他问我是否很忙
We've really got to step on it.	我们真的得加紧步伐了
You should read many books when you are young.	应该趁年轻多读点书
They congratulated us on our victory.	他们祝贺我们的胜利
This is the flag of Japan.	这是日本国旗
I'll ride with Tom.	我要和汤姆一起骑车
He started to speak English.	他开始说英语了
There was a heavy rain last night.	昨晚下大雨
What can go wrong?	什么可以出岔子
A bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive.	那个地点的书店无法赚足够的钱生存下去
We have plenty of time to spare.	我们还剩下很多时间
However hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.	无论我多么努力尝试
Summer has ended.	夏天已经结束
Parents are responsible for their children's education.	父母承担教育子女的责任
They helped each other with homework.	他们互相帮忙做功课
He does not like tennis.	他不喜欢网球
You should make good use of this opportunity.	你要好好把握这个时机
At first, he could not speak English at all.	起初
I have a high temperature.	我发烧了
He helped an old lady get up from her seat.	他帮忙一位老太太从位子上站起来
I wrote a letter to my mother.	我写了一封信给我的母亲
I'm sure that it'll be fun.	我确定它将会很有趣
Lips that touch liquor shall not touch mine.	碰过酒的嘴唇就别想碰我的唇
Tom plans to return.	汤姆打算回来
Who do you think I am?	你把我当什么啦
My daughter wants a kitten.	我女儿想要一只小猫
She has a passion for cake.	她酷爱蛋糕
Red is out of fashion.	红色不流行了
Let's go by bus.	让我们坐公共汽车去
The weather forecast says it will be fine tomorrow.	根据气象预报
I am writing a draft of the speech.	我在写演讲的草稿
Please try again.	请再试一次
Children like chocolate.	孩子们喜欢巧克力
I wonder what ear lobes are for.	我好奇耳垂有什么作用
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go.	如果明天下雨
Give me the number.	把那个号码给我
How long does it take?	要多久
I have no time for reading.	我没时间阅读
This is my history notebook.	这是我的历史课笔记本
I have no secrets from you.	我对你毫无隐瞒
How much did the glasses cost?	这副眼镜多少钱
He turned the key.	他转动钥匙
I don't quite agree with you.	我不太同意你的看法
Being sick is very boring.	生病很无聊
A man suddenly appeared in the doorway.	一个男的突然出现在门口
I'm an optimist by nature.	我天生是一个乐观主义者
The doctor advised my father to cut down on smoking.	医生建议我父亲减少吸烟
I don't know what you're referring to.	我不知道你指的是什么
She played a tune on the piano.	她在钢琴上弹了一首曲子
The smell of food made me hungry.	食物的味道让我饿了
I saw a helicopter flying overhead.	我看见一架直升飞机在头顶飞
Lie down and make yourself comfortable.	躺下来让自己舒服一点
Is Tom hurt?	汤姆受伤了吗
The children haven't studied division yet.	孩子们还没上过除法
I agree with you absolutely.	我完全赞同你
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?	我要写一封信
You're not coming, are you?	你不会来
What exactly does Tom do?	汤姆究竟在做什么
Please hurry.	请抓紧时间
Why did he do such a thing?	为什么他会做这样的事呢
Wine made here is very famous.	这里制造的葡萄酒非常有名
My notebook is pink.	我的笔记本是粉色的
He gave us the signal to begin.	他给了我们开始的信号
Tom was born in Boston in 2013.	汤姆出生于
What did you do with your shoes?	你把你的鞋怎么了
Is this Tom's?	这是汤姆的东西吗
Could I use your phone?	我能用你的电话吗
I have to paint it.	我必须把它漆上油漆
This makes me angry.	这让我愤怒
She is having lunch now.	她现在正在吃午餐
See you again next Monday.	下周一再见
He's already too far away to hear us.	他已经离得太远听不到我们了
He threw away a bunch of old letters.	他扔了很多旧信件
I'd like to go skiing.	我喜欢去滑雪
Tom is an electrical engineer.	汤姆是一个电子工程师
We needed to learn French.	我们需要学法语
You only started this job an hour ago.	你仅仅是一个小时前才开始这份工作的
She was too short to see over the fence.	她太矮了
They were left speechless.	他们惊得目瞪口呆
How long do you plan on staying in this country?	你打算在这个国家待多久
They built a bridge across the river.	他们建了一座横跨河流的桥
Are there reserved seats on the train?	火车上有预订的座位吗
I'm just another man.	我只是个大众脸
I was told that I don't need to do that.	有人告诉我我不用做
I'm sorry, but it's impossible.	我很抱歉
I think that it'll be hot tomorrow.	我觉得明天会很热
Look at the sky.	看天上
This is the only book I have.	这是我仅有的一本书
Who likes beans?	谁喜欢豆子
I will come earlier next time.	我下次会早点来
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.	我告诉你
He was terribly poor when he was young.	他年轻的时候穷困潦倒
I no longer wish to be your wife.	我不想做你老婆了
I don't understand its significance.	我没有领会这个意义
Tom was afraid of you.	汤姆怕你
That smells bad.	那不好闻
It's a beautiful painting.	是一幅漂亮的画
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health.	新鲜水果和蔬菜有益健康
Can you make yourself understood in French?	别人听得懂你说的法语吗
Do you like this flower?	你喜欢这朵花吗
Shake the bottle before using.	使用前摇动一下瓶子
I don't like these remarks.	我不喜欢这番话
My mother washes clothes every day.	我妈妈每天洗衣服
Don't think about it now.	现在别想这事
Who's to blame for the accident?	谁该为这次事故负责
I hate when other people make me wait a long time.	我讨厌别人让我等很久
He tries hard.	他努力地尝试
Is there central heating in this building?	这栋楼里面有中央暖气系统吗
The sun sets in the west.	太阳在西边下山
It suddenly started raining.	突然开始下雨
The exam was two and a half hours long.	考试时间为两个半小时
The children go to school in the morning.	孩子们早上去学校
I'm sure you'll love what we have on the menu tonight.	我肯定你会喜欢我们今晚的菜肴
He founded the school five years ago.	他在五年前创立了这所学校
I paid about fifty dollars.	我花了大约五十美元
I have a bike.	我有一辆自行车
I'm Tom's assistant.	我是汤姆的助手
Tom says Mary wasn't tired.	汤姆说玛丽不累
There is a military base near here.	这附近有一个军事基地
Making a good start is half the battle.	好的开始是成功的一半
We often watch TV while we're eating breakfast.	我们常在吃早饭时看电视
You're a good driver.	你开车很好
We went to the park to play.	我们去了公园玩
There is a park near my house.	我家附近有一个公园
Mathematics is difficult for me.	数学对我来说很难
The job looked quite simple, but it took me a week.	这份工作看起来很简单
Here is a pan without handles.	这是个没有柄的平锅
Tom burst into tears.	汤姆泪流满面
I'm crazy about football.	我爱足球爱疯了
It isn't a watch.	这不是手表
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want to."	“	为什么你不来
I don't doubt it in the least.	我对此毫不怀疑
He said, "I want to be a scientist."	他说
I want my dinner brought to my room.	我想要我的晚餐送到房间里来
My son is playing in the rain.	我儿子在雨里玩
I didn't think that Tom would be scared.	我没想到汤姆会害怕
This smells like cheese.	这有一股芝士的味道
You've put on weight, haven't you?	你的体重增加了
Tom said that he didn't like air conditioning.	汤姆说他不喜欢空调
Don't talk to me like this.	不要这样对我讲话
He is angry with you.	他在生你的气
I'm repairing the house.	我在修房子
He finally became the president of IBM.	他最终成了
Your son is dating my daughter.	你儿子正在和我女儿约会
I'll send my mother a letter.	我会给我的母亲寄封信
Father bought me the latest model motorcycle.	父亲给我买了最新型的摩托车
I woke up at five this morning.	我今天早上五点醒来
Nothing is achieved without effort.	没有什么是不劳而获的
Beer bottles are made of glass.	啤酒瓶是玻璃做的
I'm job hunting.	我在找工作
There seem to be several reasons for his failure.	他的失败看来有几个原因
You must answer these questions.	你必须回答这些问题
Put some water into the vase.	在花瓶里装些水
It was my fault.	这是我的错
They'll get out of class in forty minutes.	他们四十分钟之后下课
At what time does your class end?	您几点下课
I have to go home a little early today.	我今天要早点回家
Summer is over.	夏天过去了
Running is good for your health.	跑步对你的健康有益
You're cuter than Mary.	你比玛丽可爱
She used to play tennis on Sunday.	她以前在周日打网球
She has a son and two daughters.	她有一个儿子和两个女儿
Having met the girl before, I recognized her at once.	因为曾遇见过那个女孩
Write your name in capitals.	写下你名字的大写字母
Would you let me know when Tom comes?	你能让我知道汤姆什么时候来吗
They say there are ghosts in this old house.	据说老房子闹鬼
I envy her.	我嫉妒她
Please put on your shoes.	请穿上你的鞋子
He found me a taxi.	他帮我打到一辆出租车
Something is wrong with the brakes.	刹车出了问题
I'm a good guy.	我是一个好人
Tom is the only boy in our class.	汤姆是我们班里唯一的男孩
Why are you so secretive?	你为什么这么神秘
Go home.	回家吧
Look closely.	仔细看
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?	你还没洗手
She put the magazine on the table.	她把杂志放在桌上
Do you share a room?	您共住一个房间吗
Try some.	试试吧
Did you vote yet?	您已经投了票了吗
I met the prince himself.	我见到了王子真人
I miss Boston.	我想念波士顿
She cooks chicken the way I like.	她用我喜欢的方式烹调鸡肉
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.	每次他来这里点一样的菜
Tom can't get over Mary.	汤姆不能原谅玛丽
It is two miles from here to the park.	从这里到公园距离两英里
He told us an interesting story.	他告诉了我们一个有趣的故事
I want to introduce you to my friend here.	我想给你介绍一下我身旁这位朋友
I am playing volleyball now.	我现在在打排球
She was almost late for school.	她上学几乎迟到
I gave you a book.	我给了你一本书
My idea is different from yours.	我的想法与你不同
I don't know whether I have time or not.	我不知道我有没有时间
Why didn't you stop them?	你为什么不阻止他们
I can come at three.	我三点钟可以来
I remember meeting her somewhere.	我记得我在某个地方见过她
Who taught you how to dance?	谁教你跳舞的
He broke the law.	他触犯了法律
She's on a diet.	她在节食中
You reap what you sow.	种瓜得瓜
They burst into tears.	他们突然哭了
We have three spare rooms, none of which can be used.	虽然有三间空屋
I'm very glad to see you again.	我很高兴再次见到你
I burned the paper.	我烧了纸
Tom doesn't mind helping Mary occasionally.	汤姆不介意偶尔给予玛丽帮助
I'll be there rain or shine.	风雨无阻我都会在那里
Raise your hands.	手举起来
He can't be ill.	他不可能生病了
I made a long journey last year.	我去年做了一次长途旅行
Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.	富士山被雪所覆盖
What are your strong points?	你的强项是什么
Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping.	那些说钱不能买来幸福的人
India ink produces an interesting pattern when used as a dye.	墨汁用作染料时会产生有趣的图案
My brother is a high school student.	我哥哥是个高中生
Any student can answer that question.	任何学生都可以回答这个问题
I knew this day was coming.	我知道这天要来
I have a stomachache, doctor.	医生
I wash my hands before eating lunch.	我在吃午饭前洗手
I was amazed at his courage.	我对他的勇气感到惊讶
Maybe you'll succeed.	也许你会成功
It's a quarter past eight.	现在是八点一刻
It's raining cats and dogs.	雨下得很大
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.	我觉得汤姆不太可能会当选
Mary looks like her mother.	玛丽长得像她妈妈
She was promoted.	她晋升了
I should be ready by 2:30.	我应该在
We're waiting for Tom.	我们在等汤姆
This is her house.	这是她的房子
There is a map on the wall.	墙上有张地图
Can I do anything for you?	我能为你做点甚么吗
They are bitter enemies.	他们是仇敌
Tom told me that he'd be right back.	汤姆告诉我他会马上回来
She is poor, but she is happy.	她很穷
That's our house.	那是我们的房子
I was almost hit by a car.	我几乎被车撞到了
That's not altogether false.	那不全是错的
I'm all ears.	我洗耳恭听
Christmas is coming.	圣诞节快到了
Boys, as a rule, are taller than girls.	一般来说
I'm an optimist by nature.	我生性乐观
Short skirts are already out of fashion.	短裙已经不流行了
I'm dripping with sweat.	我正流着汗
Tom is coming to my house tonight.	今晚汤姆会来我家哦
One must be responsible for one's conduct.	人要为自己的行为负责
Smoking is not permitted on the train.	不允许在火车上吸烟
You have to have confidence.	你必须得自信
What're you going to do this weekend?	你这个周末要做什么
She would often go to the theater when she was in London.	她在伦敦的时候
I'm glad it's over.	我很高兴它结束了
These boxes are heavy.	这些箱子重
I have lost my cap.	我的帽子丢了
That's too easy.	那太简单了
We're going by train.	我们要乘火车去
Can you give me a discount?	你能不能给我打折
He repeated his question.	他重述他的问题
Watch out for cars when you cross the street.	当你过马路的时候要当心汽车
Nobody cares what I think.	没人关心我想什么
Tom is kissing Mary.	汤姆亲吻玛利亚
I am leaving at four.	我四点要离开
I want to call my family.	我想给家人打电话
Don't begin without me.	我不在就别开始
I think that what you're doing is wrong.	我觉得你正在做的是错的
I don't blame you for hitting him.	我不怪你撞到他
He is very handsome.	他很英俊
Take care when you cross a busy road.	当你穿越交通繁忙的街道时要小心注意
I've got it right here.	我就是在这得到它的
I must hand in the report today.	我今天必须交报告
How far is it to the airport?	到机场有多远
Can you do some shopping for me?	你能帮我买些东西吗
He doesn't have a job. He's retired.	他没有工作
It's not that simple.	它没有那么简单
I hear he is good at mahjong.	我听说他打麻将很厉害
I don't think it's a good decision.	我不认为这是一个好的决定
They wanted to know where Tom was.	他们想知道汤姆在哪
What's wrong with your dog?	你的狗怎么了
This is a new experience for Tom.	这对于汤姆是新体验
Eighty percent of all information on computers around the world is in English.	全世界百分之八十电脑上的资讯都是用英语写的
What do the initials NTT stand for?	NTT	这个缩写是什么意思
I need more space.	我需要更多空间
He didn't come to the last meeting.	他最后一场会议没来
I'm eating.	我正在吃东西
Write down the medications you need on this piece of paper.	将你需要的药物写在这张纸上
He loves traveling.	他爱旅行
There is no salt left.	盐没了
She cut the apple with a knife.	她用刀子切苹果
I promised.	我答应了
Where are the elevators?	电梯在哪里
Is the party over?	聚会结束了吗
Will she go to America next year?	她明年会去美国吗
Christmas is soon.	圣诞节快到了
It's snowing outside.	外面在下雪
What are you hiding?	你在掩饰什么
Tom is as tall as his father.	汤姆跟他爸爸一样高
I love the sound of children laughing.	我喜欢孩子们笑的声音
I'd rather stay at home.	我宁愿待在家里
Tom doesn't want to talk about it.	汤姆不想谈这件事
Don't shoot.	停火
I don't think anyone can do this.	我认为没人能做到
What are you driving at?	你在暗示什么
Would you like me to take a look?	你能让我看看吗
To tell the truth, I don't like him.	老实说
Do you commute to school by bus?	你搭公车上下学吗
He leaves for China tomorrow.	他明天出发去中国
Did you watch the game?	你看了比赛吗
May I go out to play?	我可以出去玩吗
I know that he was busy.	我知道他忙
Tom said that Mary looked very disappointed.	汤姆说玛丽看起来很失望
Mary isn't as active as her sister.	玛丽没她姐妹活跃
You look happy today.	你今天看起来很高兴
This is the best book that I've ever read.	这是我读过的最好的书
He is two inches taller than I am.	他比我高两寸
Tom will never see you again.	汤姆永远也不会见你了
I need to complete it as soon as possible.	我需要尽快完成
I studied last night.	我昨晚学习了
Tom doesn't know where Mary lives.	汤姆不知道玛丽住在哪里
She made a lot of spelling mistakes.	她犯了很多拼写错误
I got along with everybody.	我和大家相处
You may not remember me, but I remember you.	你可能不记得我了
Is our appointment today or tomorrow?	我们约的是今天还是明天
Haven't I met you before?	我以前没见过你吗
What kind of meal did you eat?	您吃了什么样的膳食
How dare you say that!	你怎么敢那么说
There's a large supermarket.	有一个大型超市
I'm playing a TV game.	我在玩电视游乐器
His brother studies very hard.	他的哥哥很用功读书
That's great.	那真是太好了
Tom has a very strong French accent.	汤姆说话的法国腔很重
Can you please tell me where the restaurant is?	请问您能告诉我那家餐馆在哪吗
I wonder if he'll come tonight.	我不知道他今晚会不会来
Spring is just around the corner.	春天快来了
Where are those posters now?	那些海报现在都到哪里去了
Did you get up early?	你起床早吗
She looked well when I last saw her.	上次我见到她的时候
His little brother is a famous soccer player.	他弟弟是个有名的足球选手
A little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success.	一点点的运气有时会导致意想不到的成功
It's just your imagination.	这仅是你的想像而已
Excess of politeness is annoying.	礼貌过度是烦人的
It was a long letter.	它是封长信
You're too old to be doing this kind of thing.	你老得做不了这种事了
Tom hugged his father.	汤姆拥抱了他的父亲
Tom is single and has a three-year-old daughter.	Tom	单身
He wrote it hurriedly.	他写得很匆忙
Tom had a decision to make.	汤姆要做个决定
She and I are in the same class.	她和我同班
Go and buy three bottles of coke.	去买三瓶可乐
These people hate all foreigners.	这些人讨厌所有的外国人
He was declared bankrupt.	他被宣告破产
The board is about two meters long.	这块木板大约两公尺长
He took it literally.	他按照字面上的意思
I'm a good cook.	我是个好厨师
Move the chair nearer to the desk.	把椅子挪一挪靠近桌子
English is a Germanic language.	英语是一种日耳曼语
Get out!	滚出去
Tom's cellphone rang.	Tom	的手机响了
I've been really busy lately.	我最近真的很忙
When Tom woke up, he found Mary reading a book at the desk.	汤姆醒来的时候看到玛丽在书桌前看一本书
Life without love is just totally pointless.	没有爱情的生活毫无意义
I will do anything for you.	我会为你做任何事
I met him just as he was coming out of school.	正当他从学校回来的时候
Take a deep breath, please.	请深呼吸
She felt blue.	她感到闷闷不乐的
No problem at all!	没有任何问题
Are you able to play organ?	你会弹管风琴吗
Tom drank some juice.	Tom	喝了些果汁
He knows who they are.	他知道他们是谁
I should've asked Tom to help.	我本应该向汤姆求助的
What would you like to eat?	你们想吃什么
Breathing was difficult.	呼吸困难
I can't tell you how much we've missed you.	想死你啦
I guess that she is over thirty.	我猜她超过三十岁了
I've got to try to find Tom.	我试图找到
You seem to be an honest man.	您看起来像个老实人
Tom was trying hard not to laugh out loud.	汤姆拼命地忍住笑声
He dug a hole.	他挖了一个洞
Tom never saw her again.	汤姆没再见过她
This milk won't keep till tomorrow.	这牛奶放到明天会坏的
My hobby is collecting old coins.	我的嗜好是收集古钱币
There is one apple on the desk.	桌上有个苹果
I have a lot of sheep.	我有很多绵羊
Take anything you like.	拿走你喜欢的任何东西
Would you like another glass of wine?	你想再来杯酒吗
She wasn't able to open the bottle.	她无法打开这个瓶子
He did not have enough money.	他没有足够的钱
Tom doesn't need to thank me.	汤姆不必谢我
There was a sudden change of plan.	计划突然改变
He is no longer a boy.	他不再是个男孩
I'd like to see a doctor.	我要看病
He wears Chinese-style clothes.	他穿中式服装
Get dressed.	你穿点东西
You should obey your parents.	你该听你父母的话
I'm taking care of my grandfather.	我照顾我的爷爷
I was able to answer the question.	我能回答这个问题
We're cooking now.	我们现在在做饭
Do you know how to do that?	你知道怎么做吗
You're in trouble now.	你有麻烦了
Education starts at home.	教育从家庭开始
Tom has no one to turn to for help.	汤姆没有能求助的人
He looked around, but he saw no one.	他看向四周
I know your son.	我认识你儿子
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	我宁愿是一只鸟胜过一条鱼
Fish and red wine don't go together.	鱼和红酒不相配
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.	生活就是当你忙著进行你的计划时总有其他的事情发生
The twins are indistinguishable from each other.	这双胞胎没法区分
She seems to be unhappy.	她看起来不快乐
Be friendly.	友好点
I kept the $20 I found in the street.	我留着在街上发现的
We're almost like brothers.	我们几乎像兄弟一样
I am married and have two children.	我结婚了
How much money will it cost to get that book translated?	翻译那本书要多少钱
My father will often read the newspaper during meals.	我父亲常在吃饭时看报纸
You've got a great memory.	你的记忆力很好
I understand how you feel.	我明白你的感觉
Cats are cute.	猫咪很可爱
God knows we did everything we could.	上帝知道我们做了我们所能做的事
Just then, the bus stopped.	就在那时
It's up to you.	由你来决定
All of a sudden, three dogs appeared in front of us.	突然之间
You should have done so.	你本应该这样做的
Her only pleasure is listening to music.	她唯一的乐趣就是听音乐
What do you want to eat?	你想吃什么
He gave me his stamp of approval.	他给了我正式批准
You must be back by 10 o'clock.	你必须在
This could hurt our business.	这会打击我们的生意
That's what I thought, too.	我也是这么想的
Step inside.	进来
That'll put you in danger.	那将会使你处于危险
The game will probably be canceled.	这场比赛可能将被取消
Much of what they wrote about never happened.	他们写的很多都没发生
That's how it is.	就是这样的
They called their son Tom.	他们给他们的儿子取名叫汤姆
Four is an unlucky number in Japan.	4	在日本是一个不幸的数字
My mother makes the best cakes in the world.	我母亲做的糕饼是这世上最好的
I crossed the equator for the first time on my trip to Australia.	我去澳大利亚旅游的时候第一次穿越了赤道
What do you want for breakfast?	你早餐想要吃什么
I took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus.	我把他带到校区里最贵的餐馆去了
This book is quite difficult.	这本书很难读
She gave away all her dolls.	她把她所有的娃娃送给了别人
I want you to understand why you have to do this.	我想让你明白为啥你必须这么做
He is afraid of getting lung cancer.	他怕得到肺癌
We climbed the mountain last year.	我们去年爬上了这座山
We'll go when it quits raining.	雨停了我们就会去
Please help me fill out this form.	请帮我填这张表格
That was an excellent putt.	那是一个很棒的推杆
Be realistic.	现实点
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.	书是为了那些希望自己在另一个地方的人
I think that watching TV is a waste of time.	我觉得看电视是浪费时间
Thank you for always taking care of me.	谢谢你一直以来对我的照顾
After running up the hill, I was completely out of breath.	跑上山后
Do you drink coffee?	你喝咖啡吗
The crane, unlike the dog, has never dreamed of flying.	不像狗
I think Tom is talented.	我认为汤姆有才能
There is a path through the fields.	有条小路穿过农田
Tom didn't want to come.	汤姆不想来
The school is on top of the hill.	学校在山丘顶上
I'm really sorry. I seem to have lost your umbrella.	我真的很抱歉
I suppose you're hungry.	我猜想您饿了
Tom was absent yesterday.	汤姆昨天缺席了
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.	幼年时学的东西
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?	今天下午你想去动物园吗
Smoking is not permitted here.	这里不允许抽烟
Tom's parents were both teachers.	汤姆的父母都是教师
Is Tom eating?	汤姆在吃饭吗
He wiped the sweat from his face.	他擦去了脸上的汗水
Do you drink beer?	你喝啤酒吗
Mind your manners.	规矩点
Tom said that he wanted to eat Chinese food.	汤姆说他想吃中国菜
Tom is really handsome.	汤姆真帅
The dress fits you very well.	这条裙子你穿着很合身
I wonder where Tom is planning to go to college.	我想知道汤姆计划去哪里上大学
The meeting will take place next Sunday.	会议将在下周日召开
I understand that you feel uneasy, but don't worry.	我知道你不自在
It's unfortunately true.	可惜这是真的
He is very busy writing stories.	他忙于写故事
I had a tennis match with him.	我曾与他的比赛网球
Tom wants me to join his team.	汤姆希望我加入他的团队
He is fluent in Chinese.	他能说流利的中文
He threw a stone at the dog.	他朝着狗扔了块石头
Beauty's in the eye of the beholder.	美驻留在看的那个人的眼里
The eggs are in the basket.	鸡蛋在篮子里
She gave me a strange look.	她奇怪地看了我一眼
I can't understand his feelings.	我不明白他的感受
If you don't want to go, you don't need to.	如果你不想去
I can't stand him.	我受不了他
Have you finished reading that book?	你读完那本书了吗
Please keep it secret.	请保守秘密
He got thrown out of the house.	他被赶出了这栋房子
Tom didn't actually see what happened.	汤姆没有真正看见发生了甚么
You make me happy.	你让我快乐
They attacked the enemy.	他们袭击敌人
They are my brothers.	他们是我的兄弟
I'm delighted to see you.	我很高兴见到你
Tom wants to pay back the money he owes.	汤姆想去还欠的钱
I can't locate the source of the problem.	我无法找到问题的根源
I saw a light in the distance.	我看见远处有灯光
My cholesterol is high.	我的胆固醇很高
Turn left at the first light.	在第一个红绿灯左转
I wish I had more money.	我希望我有更多钱
I'm accustomed to the climate.	我对这气候习惯了
He likes taking a walk by himself.	他喜欢独自散步
Something is wrong with my watch.	我的表出了毛病
I've just been to my uncle's house.	我刚刚去了我叔叔家
I know you don't want to talk to me.	我知道你不想跟我说话
Tom didn't know that what he'd done was against the rules.	汤姆不知道他的所作所为违反了规则
The village has no electricity.	村里没通电
How often have you been to Europe?	你曾多常去过欧洲
I wish I could live near your house.	我希望住在你家附近
It's our duty to obey the law.	遵守法律是我们的义务
The goods were transported by ship.	这批货物是由船只运送的
Tom came home early yesterday.	汤姆昨天提早回来了
The street was crowded with people.	街道上挤满了人
We left home early in the morning.	我们早上很早就离开家了
Let's see if we can get the gate closed.	让我们看看能不能把大门关上
The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.	警察因酒后驾驶逮捕了他
What've you been doing recently?	最近在干些什么
Let's take the bus.	让我们坐公共汽车去
The taller of the two went out first.	他们两个里高的那一个先出来了
This extension cord is too short.	这条延长线太短了
At that moment, time seemed to stand still.	那一刻
What were the meetings like?	会议怎么样
You can get a loan from a bank.	你可以从银行贷款
I play the guitar after school.	我放学后弹吉他
I don't need this at all.	我根本不需要这个
Finally, it's Friday.	终于星期五了
Tom should have someone do that for him.	有人应该帮汤姆做这些事
Buddhism originated in India.	佛教来自印度
I don't know what Tom got.	我不知道汤姆拿到了甚么
My son doesn't obey me.	我儿子不听我话
Any one of us could do it.	我们之中任何一个都能做到
Vote for Tom.	投票给汤姆
Can you give me your phone number?	你能给我你的电话号码吗
I've already told Tom he can't go to Mary's party.	我已经告诉汤姆他不能去玛丽的聚会了
I understood everything Tom said.	我明白汤姆所说的一切
Tomorrow I have to go shopping.	明天我得购物
They say that old house is haunted.	据说老房子闹鬼
My son is engaged to his secretary.	我的儿子和他的秘书订婚了
I have no doubts.	我没有疑问
Her father is an excellent pianist.	她的父亲是一位优秀的钢琴家
All he thinks about is himself.	他只顾自己的利益
Tom doesn't think that will do any good.	汤姆认为那没有好处
It was hot yesterday.	昨天的天气很热
I took a taxi from the station to the hotel.	我从车站搭了一班到旅馆的计程车
I have no objection to your plan.	我不反对你的计划
Do you want a drink?	你想喝点什么吗
I thought we had agreed on this.	我认为我们己经同意了
My house is here.	我家在这里
He's an old friend of mine.	他是我的一位老朋友
Don't leave!	别走
The dog chased the rabbit.	狗追兔子
What kind of movie do you want to watch?	你想看哪种类型的电影
Tom crushed the garlic.	汤姆捣碎了大蒜
After the accident, Tom decided to stop skating.	事故过后
He was named after his grandfather.	他以他祖父的名字被命名
Is that better?	那更好吗
I got warm from jogging for an hour.	我慢跑了一个小时
The dog was hit by a car.	狗被车撞了
Have you already eaten supper?	你已经吃晚饭了吗
English is studied in China, too.	英语在中国也被学习了
Even with his glasses, he doesn't see very well.	他就算带了眼镜也看得不很清楚
My uncle lives in an apartment.	我叔叔住在公寓里
What did you do last night?	你昨天晚上做什么
I think I shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.	我想我不该让汤姆做那件事
Please shut the door.	请关上门
Tom doesn't have any friends who like camping.	汤姆没有喜欢露营的朋友
I've been there a couple of times.	我去过那里几次
English is spoken in many countries around the world.	全世界许多国家的人说英语
You should've woken me.	你应该叫醒我
He picked flowers for her.	他为她摘了些花
That's the most absurd idea I've ever heard.	这是我听过最荒谬的想法
Our school's principal is very old.	我校校长很老了
Your dress is very nice.	你的穿著非常好
Tom works long hours.	汤姆的工作时间很长
Tom was a little overweight when he was a child.	汤姆在小时候有点超重
I had a slight headache, so I went to bed early.	因为我有点头疼
Don't eat so fast.	别吃得这么快
That's wrong.	不对
I appreciate your concern.	我感谢你的关心
Tom told me he'd love to help.	汤姆告诉我他很乐意帮助
I'm looking for a small suitcase.	我正在找一个小手提箱
I have three cameras.	我有三台摄影机
Turn on the radio, please.	请打开收音机
We need to leave.	我们必须走了
As you sow, so shall you reap.	种瓜得瓜
I love parties.	我爱派对
I continued working.	我继续工作
Do we have milk in the fridge?	我们冰箱里有牛奶吗
The sun is larger than the moon.	太阳比月亮大
How many languages do you know?	你会几种语言
You must go to bed now.	你现在必须上床睡觉
This statement is actually kind of suspicious.	这种说法其实有点可疑
They would have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.	车子若是掉落悬崖他们早就没命了
There was scarcely any money left.	几乎没剩下钱
I did that, even though I didn't really need to.	尽管我并不是真的需要这样做
Almost all the students like English.	几乎所有的学生喜欢英语
Bring your student ID card.	带上你的学生卡
I can't stand his arrogance.	我受不了他的傲慢
What are you going to do tonight?	你今晚要做什么
Forewarned is forearmed.	凡事豫则立
Tom couldn't see anybody.	汤姆看不到任何人
He scraped the mud off his boots.	他刮下靴子上的泥巴
The company will soon go bankrupt.	公司很快就要倒闭了
Don't you play tennis?	你不打网球吗
Only four horses competed in the race.	只有四匹马参加了比赛
Feel free to ask any questions.	随时问任何问题都可以
When did you start working here?	从什么时候开始您就这里工作着的呢
He does nothing but read comics.	他什么都不做只是看漫画
They got out of the car.	他们下了车
Please eat something.	请吃点菜
Things are the same, but people have changed.	物是人非
Tom doesn't have time.	汤姆没有时间
Don't forget to bring a camera.	别忘了带个相机
I wish I didn't have to work.	我希望我不必工作
You don't look so hot.	你看上去不太好
I didn't mean to disturb you.	我没有想打扰你
Six people applied for the job, but none of them were employed.	六个人投了这份工作
I don't think he is sincere.	我不相信他是真心的
I'll return at 6:30.	我六点半回来
I'm not accustomed to speaking in public.	我不习惯在公众场合说话
This is a wig.	这是假发
I always find puppet shows a bit creepy.	我总觉得木偶戏有点吓人
I have low blood pressure.	我的血压很低
Don't drop this cup.	不要掉了这个杯子
He is my type!	他是我的菜
You should know it.	你应该知道的
I don't like eggs.	我不喜欢鸡蛋
Are you my father?	你是我爸吗
The teacher gave us homework.	老师给我们布置了家庭作业
Someone stole my wallet on the train.	有人在火车上偷了我的钱包
That's my problem.	这是我的问题
Can I borrow your book for a minute?	我可以借一会你的书吗
I've got everything that you want.	我已经得到了一切你想要的东西
My father is always poking his nose into my private life.	我的父亲总是干涉我的私生活
Tom is growing a mustache.	汤姆留著小胡子
There's nothing I can do about it.	我对此无能为力
My purse was stolen.	我的钱包被抢了
I understand how to solve the problem.	我知道怎么解决这个问题
The bicycle under the tree is mine.	那辆在树下的自行车是我的
He does not get up early.	他不早起
I have two dogs. One is white and the other black.	我有两条狗
I wish I could figure out how to disable comments on my blog.	但愿我能找到在我的博客上屏蔽评论的办法
I have known her for five years.	我已经认识她五年了
He couldn't wait to try out his new surfboard.	他迫不及待地想试一下他的新冲浪板
I belong to the sailing club.	我参加帆船社
I asked a policeman for directions.	我向一个警察问路
Here we are!	我们到了
Tom didn't know exactly what it was that Mary wanted him to do.	汤姆不知道玛丽到底让他做什么
He may have missed the last train.	他可能错过了最后一班火车
Only you answered the question.	只有你回答了这个问题
You did what was necessary.	你做了必要的事
Tom hit me first.	汤姆先打了我
Would you like more coffee?	你想再喝点咖啡吗
I need to try.	我需要尝试
We built a fire on the beach.	我们在沙滩上起了火
I built an amplifier yesterday.	昨天我组装了一个扬声器
He forced her to sit down.	他强迫她坐下
You are allowed to use the hotel's swimming pool.	你有权使用旅馆的游泳池
May I put it down here?	我可以把它放在这儿吗
Do you want to go somewhere?	你打算去什么地方吗
Can someone answer the telephone?	有人可以接电话吗
I'm at the airport now.	我现在在机场
I must make up for the loss.	我必须弥补损失
How soon can they be delivered?	它们什么时候能被送到
I'm thirsty.	我渴了
He's not a hero.	他不是英雄
Were you guys serious?	你们是认真的吗
I bought her a watch.	我买了一支手表给她
I used to go swimming in the sea when I was a child.	童年时我会去海里游泳
I hope you have a good trip.	祝你一路顺风
No one could solve the puzzle.	没人解得了这个谜题
She wrapped herself in a blanket.	她用一条毯子把自己裹起来
He went to Africa to see wild animals.	为了看野生动物
I've lost my umbrella.	我丢了我的伞
I bought a pair of shoes.	我买了一双鞋子
Our train leaves at eight-thirty.	我们的火车在八点半出发
Spring will come soon.	春天就要来了
You should keep your valuables in a safe place.	你该把你的值钱物品保存在一个安全的地方
He tried to make his wife happy, but he couldn't.	他试著想让他妻子开心
Got it?	懂了吗
I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.	对不起
Can I be of any service to you?	你需要我帮忙吗
It appears that she had a nice time at the party.	看来她似乎在派对上玩得很开心
You should make an effort to stop smoking.	你应该努力去戒烟
Do you play a musical instrument?	你演奏乐器吗
It looks like today will be a long day.	看来今天会是漫长的一天啊
I can't understand why Tom doesn't want to go with us.	我不理解为什么汤姆不想和我们一起走
Burn this letter after you finish reading it.	看完这封信请把它烧掉
Did you bring a hair dryer?	你有带吹风机吗
I couldn't sleep.	我睡不着觉
Tom visits Mary every time he goes to Boston.	汤姆每次去波士顿都去看玛丽
I hope I will have a chance to see you next time I'm in New York.	希望下次我在纽约还可以有机会见到你
My girlfriend is a good dancer.	我的女朋友跳舞跳得很棒
Whose bicycle is this?	这辆自行车是谁的
I'll be at home all day tomorrow.	明天我一整天都在家
He read a book all morning.	他花了一上午的时间看书
He finally decided to get married.	他最终决定结婚
You're here.	你在这里
I've lost my ticket.	我把票弄丢了
Real friendship is more valuable than money.	真正的友谊比金钱更有价值
It's not important.	这个不重要
I don't like the taste of onions.	我不喜欢洋葱的味道
It's on this point that our opinions differ.	是在这点上我们的意见有分歧
He left the house without saying goodbye.	他没说再见就离开了房子
Are you sure you want to do this by yourself?	你确定要自己做这事吗
The garden was surrounded by a wooden fence.	花园被木栅栏围了起来
When I was young, I used to climb trees a lot.	我年轻时经常爬树
Everybody is laughing.	每个人都在笑
Tom probably knows why the meeting was postponed.	汤姆大概知道会议延期的原因
Are the train tickets expensive?	火车票贵吗
Can you move this desk by yourself?	你能自己搬这张桌子吗
All men are created equal.	人人生来平等
She despised him.	她看不起他
Here is your book.	这是你的书
This book will be very useful to us.	这本书会对我们有很大用处
It seems to me that she has a tendency to exaggerate.	在我看来
Everything is all right at home.	家里一切都好
Tom's hands are large.	汤姆的手大
He remained single all his life.	他一生独身
Did you visit the Tokyo Tower?	您参观过东京塔吗
How's work?	工作怎么样
He left his daughter a great fortune.	他留给他女儿一大笔财产
My parents live in the country.	我父母住在乡下
A friend of mine is studying abroad.	我有一位朋友在国外留学
A right angle has ninety degrees.	直角是九十度
I wanted red shoes.	我要红色的鞋子
Please move your bicycle out of here.	请将您的自行车移出这里
Here is the book you are looking for.	你正在找的书在这里
Tom didn't have enough time to eat lunch.	汤姆没时间吃午饭
We have breakfast in the kitchen.	我们在厨房里吃早餐
Where is the problem?	哪里有问题
I will follow you wherever you go.	无论你去哪里我都会跟著你
He threw a piece of meat to a dog.	他丢了块肉给一条狗
Today's even busier than normal.	今天比平时还忙
She looked more beautiful than ever.	她似乎比以往任何时候都漂亮
Neither Tom nor Mary has found anything valuable.	汤姆和玛丽都没有发现什么有价值的东西
I would like to go with you.	我想和你一起走
Edison invented many useful things.	爱迪生发明了许多有用的东西
I will write to you soon.	我会尽快写信给你
I'm a colleague of Tom's.	我是汤姆的一位同事
Do you have a better explanation?	你有更好的理由吗
Can you tell me where the flea market is?	你能告诉我跳蚤市场在哪里吗
Is Tom afraid of dogs?	汤姆怕狗吗
Tom is my grandfather.	Tom	是我爷爷
He quickly went out of the room.	他很快地走出了房间
She gave birth to twin girls.	她生了双胞胎女儿
It took me half an hour to work out this problem.	我花了一个半小时的时间解决这个问题
I had been in the army for a month when the war ended.	战争结束时
I ran into my aunt by chance in Europe.	我在欧洲偶遇了姑母
I must sell my house.	我得卖我的房子
Let's stay here tonight.	让我们今晚留在这里吧
This is strange.	奇怪
Are you free tomorrow evening?	你明晚有空吗
He had his head in the clouds in class.	他在课堂上心不在焉
His wife opened the door for him.	他的妻子为他开门了
I forgot to stick a stamp on the envelope.	我忘记在信封上贴邮票了
Tom refused to help Mary do her homework.	汤姆拒绝帮玛丽做作业
He got 90% in English.	他英文得到了九十分
Are you afraid of being fired?	你害怕被炒鱿鱼吗
I smell gas.	我闻到瓦斯味
What is it you want to tell me?	你想跟我说什么
Tom took the clock apart.	汤姆把钟拆开了
Suddenly, it started to rain.	突然开始下雨
Tom got drunk with his friends in the park.	汤姆和他的朋友们在公园喝醉了
You are so stupid.	你真傻
Tom drinks beer every day.	汤姆每天喝啤酒
The light changed from red to green.	灯由红变绿
Are you crying?	你在哭吗
Tom learned how to do that from his grandfather.	汤姆从他祖父那里学会了怎么做
I have to say no.	我必须拒绝
You're such an idiot!	你真是个傻瓜
Watch your step.	小心脚下
I retired last year.	我去年退休了
We've been tricked.	我们被耍了
We had lunch at a little coffee shop.	我们在一家小咖啡店吃了午饭
I wish I hadn't bought this.	我不该买了这东西
They say that Venice is a beautiful city.	他们说威尼斯是个漂亮的城市
These flowers have a unique smell.	这些花有一种独特的气味
He is watching TV.	他在看电视
Would you like to eat something?	你想吃点东西吗
He avenged his father's death.	他为他父亲的死报仇
How much does he earn per month?	他一个月赚多少
I don't play basketball.	我不打篮球
Some people don't know that.	有些人不知道那件事
My dad will kill me.	我爸会杀了我的
How many times have you been to Europe?	你去过欧洲几次
He looks older than my brother.	他看起来年纪比我的兄弟大
I'm having lunch with my sister right now.	现在正和妹妹吃午饭中
Don't lean against the wall.	别倚着墙
The news made her happy.	这消息让她很高兴
My brother has become a priest.	我的兄弟已经成为了牧师
What time does boarding begin?	什么时候开始登机
This ticket is valid for three days.	这张票的有效期是三天
Tom put a lot of honey on his toast.	汤姆往他的面包片上放了许多蜂蜜
I take a bath every morning in the summer.	在夏季
The car pulled up in front of the bank.	这辆车停在银行前
Do you know where to find Tom?	你知道去哪找汤姆吗
Who is the woman dressed in pink?	那个穿粉红色衣服的女人是谁
I tried to change the subject.	我试图改变话题
Tom and Mary went to the best restaurant in town.	汤姆和玛丽去了镇上最好的饭店
What did you do with my luggage?	你把我的行李放到哪里去了
I met him on his way home.	在他回家的路上我遇见了他
I bought many notebooks.	我买了很多笔记本
I know that feeling.	我知道那种感觉
Nothing moved.	什么都没动
The contract was signed.	契约签订了
"Does he like music?" "Yes, he does."	"	他喜欢音乐吗
What number bus do I take to get to Waikiki?	我乘几路车去怀基基
I wonder what the weather will be like tomorrow.	不知道明天天气会怎么样呢
I think that I drank too much.	我想我喝得太多了
Do you feel any pain in your stomach?	你的胃会痛吗
I've been reading this for a few hours.	我一直读这个读了几个小时
I could hardly keep from laughing.	我忍不住要大笑
Why do people not always tell the truth?	为什么人们不总是讲真话
I heard Tom screaming.	我听到汤姆尖叫
He didn't fear death.	他不怕死
His mother looks young for her age.	他妈妈看起来比实际年龄年轻
Cats don't eat bananas.	猫不吃香蕉
You should've come a little earlier.	你该早一点来的
Don't you agree?	你不同意吗
Like it or not, we have to attend that meeting.	不管喜不喜欢
I heard the front doorbell ring.	我听到前门的门铃响了
This isn't true love.	这不是真实的爱情
It looks like Tom won the race.	看起来像是汤姆赢得了比赛
Where did you get the idea?	你哪儿来的主意
Her book is very interesting.	她的书非常有趣
Tom's sick.	汤姆生病了
Fight like a man!	像男人一样战斗
It's a modern house.	这是一所现代房屋
Mary and I are in the same class.	Marie	和我同班
I'm sorry I'm late.	对不起
The train is here.	这班火车已经到了
She was appointed chairperson.	她被任命为主席
You're a strange girl.	你是个奇怪的女孩
Surgery is the best solution.	手术是最佳解决方案
There were so many things I wanted to ask Tom.	我有很多事想问汤姆
Why me?	为什么是我
Tom hasn't taken a bath in a long time.	汤姆很长时间没洗澡了
We need an ambulance.	我们需要一辆救护车
That should make you happy.	那该让你高兴
I'm on the balcony.	我在阳台上
I want to eat ice cream.	我想吃冰淇凌
I can't bear the pain.	我无法忍受这个痛苦
Who built it?	这是谁建的
Life is very hard.	人生良苦
Besides the piano, can you play any other instruments?	除了钢琴以外
I felt comfortable.	我感觉很舒服
You're a true friend.	你是个真正的朋友
She's Tom's sister.	她是
I've already tried that.	我已经试过那个了
It's nearly six.	差不多六点了
I'm thirty years old now.	我现在
What are you doing now?	你现在在做什么
Don't put the cart before the horse.	不要把马车放在马的前面
Be punctual.	要守时
I took my shoes off and put them under the bed.	我把鞋脱了
That can't be it.	不可能的
I asked him point-blank.	我直接地问了他
I'm sorry I'm late. I couldn't find the bus stop.	对不起
I was nine years old when I asked my mom if Santa Claus really existed.	我九岁的时候问我妈妈圣诞老人是否真的存在
You shouldn't keep them waiting so long.	你不该让他们等那么久
Champagne, please.	给我香槟
How much money do you owe Tom?	你欠汤姆多少钱
Tom said Mary thought that John might be permitted to do that next weekend.	汤姆说玛丽觉得约翰下周末可能被允许那么做
How do you say "I love you" in French?	“	我爱你
Do you have a bike?	你有自行车吗
I couldn't think of anything to say.	我想不到要说什么话
Do you think I'm made of money?	你以为我造钱啊
He played baseball after school.	他放学后打棒球
How many books do you have?	你有多少本书
A man must work.	男人应该工作
I'm tired of her complaints.	我厌倦了她的抱怨
I trust you.	我信任你
Tom told me where he lived.	汤姆告诉我他住在哪里
She graduated in 1996.	她在
Follow me.	请跟我来
I'm responsible for the mistake.	我为这个错误负责
I wish Tom would just go away.	我希望汤姆走开
I like summer better than winter.	我喜欢夏天胜于冬天
I remember seeing her.	我记得我看过她
He has just become a principal.	他刚成为一名校长
This is my mother.	这是我的妈妈
It was a calm winter evening.	这是个静谧的冬夜
Tom ripped up the letter.	汤姆把信撕碎了
How much does the wooden chair cost?	那张木椅要多少钱
You used to be able to see the church from here.	你以前可以从这里看到教堂
Tom slept through the entire movie.	汤姆在整场电影放映时都在睡觉
I eventually got used to it.	最后我还是习惯了
I haven't seen you for ages. Do you remember when I saw you last?	好久不见了
Not everyone noticed.	不是每个人都意识到这点
He is a famous composer.	他是一位著名的作曲家
Are you sure?	你确定
Would you lend me your bicycle?	你可以借我你的脚踏车吗
She lived a lonely life.	她的生活很寂寞
You'll soon get used to Japanese food.	你很快就会习惯吃日本料理了
I drank a cup of water.	我喝了一杯水
Tom could write his name when he was three years old.	汤姆三岁的时候就能写自己的名字了
The capital of Australia is Canberra, not Melbourne.	澳大利亚的首都是堪培拉
Aren't you happy about this?	你对此不高兴吗
I was born and raised in Tokyo.	我在东京出生长大
Did Tom not know what to do?	汤姆不知道该做什么吗
We went to the races.	我们去看了比赛
He likes smoking in the toilet.	他喜欢在厕所里吸烟
Tom knows Mary was here.	汤姆知道玛丽在这里
You've been had.	你们被骗了
His doctor ordered him to rest.	他的医生命令他休息
I'd like to change yen to dollars.	我想把日元换成美元
She was injured in a fall.	她摔伤了
Why doesn't he tell me jokes anymore?	为甚么他不再跟我讲笑话了
Turn the light on, please.	麻烦开灯一下
Are you going to stay long?	您会待很久吗
Tom talked with Mary yesterday.	汤姆昨天和玛丽说话了
There are a few shops next to my house.	我家旁边有几家商店
She is drunk with happiness.	她陶醉在幸福里
This is all he has to do.	这是所有他必须做的事
My dad doesn't like soccer.	我爸爸不喜欢足球
We accept all major credit cards.	我们接受所有主要的信用卡
The sun is coming up.	太阳升起来了
There's something strange happening.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
What he said is not true.	他说的话不是真的
I would like some more water.	请再给我一些水
I don't think I like this game very much.	我觉得我不太喜欢这游戏
What newspaper do you subscribe to?	你订阅了什么报纸
He's eligible for the presidency.	他有资格当选总统
He brought us sad news.	他给我们带来了令人难过的消息
Sometimes I still miss her.	有时候
Do you have a car?	你有车吗
You were late for work.	你上班迟到了
They nominated Calvin Coolidge for vice president.	他们提名卡尔文
Tom heard the sound.	汤姆听到了声音
There's going to be a math test tomorrow.	明天有一个数学测验
Explain to him the difficult situation you are in.	给他讲解一下你的困境
I met her late in the evening.	我在深夜遇见了她
The children were playing in the dirt.	孩子们在尘土里游戏
I want to sing a song.	我想唱个歌
I think it's unlikely Tom will get elected.	我觉得汤姆不太可能会当选
Who gave you this?	这谁给你的
If two men always have the same opinion, one of them is unnecessary.	如果两个人总是意见相同
The boy is kind.	他是个好孩子
I woke up early.	我起得早
She is fond of singing old songs.	她喜欢唱老歌
Tom held up one finger.	Tom	抬起一只指头
I can see you're good at this.	我看你擅长做这事
This is my friend.	这个是我的朋友
Tom waved.	汤姆挥手了
I love my grandmother very much.	我非常爱我的祖母
Tom's married.	汤姆已经结婚了
Where's Tom?	汤姆在哪儿
Rice grows in warm countries.	稻米生长在温暖的国家
I have several silver coins.	我有几枚银币
He is the chief of my department.	他是我部门的主管
I haven't seen you around here before.	我以前在这里没见过你
Tom has nothing to do here.	汤姆在这里没有可做的事
Winter is over and spring has come.	冬天结束了春天已经来了
Cheese is made from milk.	奶酪是用奶做成的
I had a nightmare.	我做噩梦了
Tom got so absorbed in his work that he forgot to eat.	汤姆太专注于他的工作
I work too much.	我工作得太多了
I want you to help us find out who killed Tom.	我想让你帮我们查出来谁杀了汤姆
You very nearly guessed it.	你差不多猜对了
I can easily touch my toes.	我可以轻而易举地碰到我的脚趾
I am sick.	我生病了
Tom has decided to become a monk.	汤姆
What's the forecast for tomorrow?	明天的天气预报怎么说
Where is the hotel?	旅馆在哪里
My stomach is full.	我的胃是胀满的
First, I don't have any money. Second, I don't have the time.	首先
There were few children in the room.	房间里没几个小孩子
You must get the job done before the deadline.	你必须在到期前完成这项工作
Hurry up, and you will be in time for the bus.	快点
Tom stood behind me.	汤姆站在我后面
Tom opened the blinds and looked out the window.	汤姆打开百叶窗
It makes no difference who I meet.	我遇见谁都无所谓
He left his son a large fortune.	他留给了他的儿子一大笔财富
My mother is a good woman.	我妈妈是个好女人
Immediately after it caught fire, the chemical factory blew up.	化学工厂一着火就爆炸了
Tom is playing the violin now.	汤姆正在拉小提琴
I refuse to answer your question.	我拒绝回答你的问题
The early bird gets the worm.	早起的鸟儿有虫吃
I like the taste of watermelon.	我喜欢西瓜的味道
Count me in.	算我一个
I have to sell my house.	我得卖我的房子
My sister married a doctor.	我妹妹嫁给了一个医生
Father is going to undergo an operation.	父亲将会接受手术
Tom and I were born in the same city.	汤姆和我生在同一个城市
Tom is quite sarcastic.	汤姆真会挖苦人
He went to Boston by car.	他坐汽车到波士顿
She gave it her personal attention.	她亲自过问了此事
Be still.	静静的
Have there been any changes?	有过任何改变吗
Tom's boss was really angry.	汤姆的上司真的非常生气
There aren't that many synagogues in this city.	这座城犹太教堂不怎么多
I'd love to find out why she said so.	我很想找出她为什么这么说的原因
Ask him what to do next.	问他下一步该做什么
I don't know where my watch is.	我不知道我的手表在哪里
I find that it's typical for him to come too late.	我发现他就是会很晚才来这样的人
Is someone knocking on the door?	有人敲门吗
I like these.	我喜欢这些东西
Many goods are now transported by air.	如今很多的货物都由飞机运送
He doesn't have any friends.	他没有任何朋友
Cuff him.	把他铐上
Do you have a lot of money on you?	你身上有很多钱吗
The baby caught sight of my ballpoint pen and reached out for it.	这个婴儿盯著我的原子笔看
The cat arched its back and stretched itself.	猫弓起背
Please sing a song.	请唱一首歌
Aren't you cold?	你不冷吗
I promised Tom I wouldn't say anything.	我对汤姆发誓我不会说任何话了
Can I use my medical insurance?	我可以使用我的医疗保险吗
Smoking is prohibited.	禁止吸烟
I have a job for you.	我有工作给你
Tom did it again.	汤姆又做了一次
I don't like what he said.	我不喜欢他说的话
What's Tom's excuse?	汤姆的借口是什么
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.	即使太阳从西边出来
I ran across an old friend near the bank.	我在银行附近碰见老朋友
Tom has his own bedroom.	汤姆有他自己的房间
I am interested in palm reading.	我对掌上阅读很感兴趣
I don't want any more.	我不想要了
Would you like another piece of cake?	你要再来一块蛋糕吗
It came to nothing.	这没有结果
Nobody can know everything.	没有人能无所不知
Tom moves quickly.	汤姆动得好快
This is the cheapest shop in town.	这是镇上最便宜的商店
Something's wrong with my camera.	我的相机坏了
Tom isn't likely to do that again.	汤姆不太可能再那么做了
I've always wanted a pet.	我一直想养宠物
Constant dripping wears away a stone.	水滴石穿
We found out that he was her father.	我们发现他是她的父亲
They will tear down the old building in two days.	他们将在两天内拆除这栋旧的建筑物
This is all the money I have on me.	这是我身上所有的钱
Do you have a cough?	你咳嗽吗
There's a cat under the desk.	书桌下有一只猫
In all likelihood, this means war.	这很可能意味着战争
The light has turned green.	信号灯变绿了哟
Run like your life depends on it.	拼命地跑
She waved at me before she got on board the plane.	她上飞机前
He is not a high school student.	他不是个高中生
I saw the sunrise.	我看了日出
All my friends call me Tom.	我的朋友都叫我汤姆
It's time to eat lunch.	午餐时间到了
My father takes a walk every morning.	我父亲每天早上去散步
My grandfather is in his nineties.	我祖父九十多岁了
It makes no difference to me.	这对我没什么差别
You are not authorized to enter there.	你无权进入那里
What is your greatest source of inspiration?	什么是您最大的灵感来源
He played tennis.	他打了网球
Tom needs to get into shape.	Tom	需要让身体好起来
I was too shy to look her in the face.	我害羞得不敢正面看她的脸
I went to drink a beer with friends.	我去和朋友喝了杯啤酒
I want you to stay a little longer.	我想让你再呆一会
I should stop procrastinating.	我做事该果断
I am waiting for you to finish your homework.	我等你把作业做完
Two teas and a coffee, please.	请来两杯茶和一杯咖啡
This desk takes up too much room.	这张桌子太占空间了
The baby went to sleep at once.	这个小婴儿立刻去睡觉了
Tom sketched a picture of an elephant for Mary.	汤姆给玛丽画了大象的素描
I know that you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?	我知道你已经等很久了
I like to read.	我喜欢阅读
Tom doesn't have a dad.	汤姆没有父亲
To tell the truth, I felt lonely.	说实话
Which way should we go?	我们应该往哪个方向走
I didn't get the joke.	我没弄明白这个笑话
I could swear there's something inside this box.	我能发誓这箱子里有东西
They didn't know what to do first.	他们不知道先做什么
He painted the ceiling blue.	他把天花板刷成了蓝色
I certainly wouldn't want to be seen with Tom.	我当然不想被人看见跟汤姆在一起
What's her name?	她叫什么名字
Will you take a personal check?	你收私人支票吗
Do you know where they come from?	你知道他们来自哪里吗
We'll save a seat for you.	我们会给你留个位置
I haven't heard that story yet.	我还没有听过那个故事
I lost my watch yesterday.	我昨天丢了我的手表
Don't be so careless!	别这么粗心
Where do we go?	我们去哪儿
When were you planning on telling Tom about what happened?	你准备啥时候告诉
I think you're sitting in my seat.	我想你坐到我的座位了
I'm not like Tom.	我跟汤姆不一样
It is time for you to go to bed.	到了你该去睡觉的时候了
Tom asked Mary where she'd put the key.	汤姆问玛丽她把钥匙放在哪里了
Where is the wedding to be?	婚礼在哪儿举行
Tom complained that Mary never helped him.	汤姆埋怨玛丽从来不帮他
Could you bring me some water?	你能带给我一些水吗
I've climbed Mt. Fuji twice.	我爬过两次富士山
I bet Tom forgot.	我打赌汤姆忘了
My opinion is different from yours.	我的看法跟你的不同
It's difficult to do that.	那么做很难
He is lazy.	他很懒
If for some reason I'm late, please don't wait for me.	万一我来晚的话
I'll show you how to catch fish.	我会向你展示怎样捕鱼
I got acquainted with the chief executive.	我认识了这位行政长官
What's in the living room?	客厅里有什么
How much does he earn per month?	他每个月挣多少
It has nothing to do with you.	和你无关
He ate the whole apple.	他把整个苹果都吃了
It's going to get cold tonight.	今晚天气会变冷
I was writing a letter when he came.	当他进来的时候
I'm not a good swimmer.	我不擅长游泳
Mary helped her mother cook.	玛丽帮她母亲做饭
I'm married.	我已婚
I don't care if it snows.	我不在乎是否下雪
Does Tom have to be there?	汤姆必须在那里吗
I wanted Tom to apologize to Mary.	我要汤姆向玛丽道歉
You'll learn how to do it sooner or later.	你迟早会学会怎么做
I'd like a receipt, please.	麻烦我要一张收据
Were you able to do it?	你有能力去做这个吗
What are your weekend plans?	你周末有什么计划
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.	以眼还眼以牙还牙
Can he speak English?	他说英语吗
Have you ever seen Mt. Fuji? It is beautiful beyond description.	你看过富士山吗
We've done everything possible.	我们尽力了
I'm going to America this summer.	我今年夏天要去美国
I've done enough already.	我已经做够了
Don't go out after it gets dark.	天黑以后不要出门
Freedom is not free.	自由是有代价的
I object to her going there alone.	我不同意她一个人去那儿
The cat is black.	猫是黑色的
The old man died from hunger.	这位老人死于饥饿
Tom said that he didn't have it all figured out yet.	汤姆说他还没把事情完全搞明白
Tom didn't show me anything.	汤姆甚么也没给我看
She smiled at her baby.	她对著她的孩子微笑
My back still hurts.	我的背还在痛
I like movies a lot.	我很喜欢电影
I wonder whether or not it'll rain tomorrow.	我不知道明天会不会下雨
The girl was always following her mother.	那女孩不管到哪儿都跟著母亲
I wish you'd slow down.	我希望你慢下来
Tom bumped his head on the roof of the car.	汤姆把头撞到车顶了
We took part in the discussion.	我们参加了讨论
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.	得寸进尺
My father's a doctor.	我父亲是个大夫
No one was killed in the fire.	没人死在火里
I thought Tom had a soccer game tonight.	我以为汤姆今晚有足球比赛
It's said that she's a well-known actress.	我听说她是个有名的演员
I'm dead tired.	困死了
I slept on the bus.	我在公交车上睡觉了
My brother lives in a small village.	我的兄弟住在一个小村庄里
Why is your mouth so big?	为什么你的嘴那么大
He will be a good doctor.	他会成为一个好的医生的
It all depends on you.	这都取决于你
I admire his courage.	我佩服他的勇气
I'm afraid of dying.	我怕死
Are you a reporter?	你是记者吗
You were hurt, weren't you?	你受伤了
I know who lives in this house.	我知道谁住在这房子里
I didn't ask Tom to come here.	我没让汤姆来这里
Follow that car.	跟上那辆车
Are there any direct flights between Boston and Sydney?	请问波士顿和悉尼之间有直飞航班吗
Who did you hang out with last weekend?	你上周末跟谁闲逛了
The taxi has arrived.	出租车到了
This news is official.	这是官方消息
The total comes to 3,000 yen.	总共是
Make sure to turn off all the lights before going out.	出去之前确认一下所有的灯都关了
He bought his daughter a dress.	他买了一件洋装给他女儿
That movie is worth seeing.	那部电影有看的价值
I won the lottery.	我中奖了
Give me your phone.	给我你的手机
My father didn't eat much fruit.	我父亲没有吃很多的水果
I can't do it.	我无法做到这一点
Please eat some cake.	请吃点蛋糕
Keep your voice down.	你说话小点声
The chicken is undercooked.	鸡肉还不够熟
Tom is three years younger than Mary is.	汤姆比玛丽小三岁
Some people criticized our decision.	一些人批评了我们的决定
Another bottle of wine, please.	麻烦再一瓶葡萄酒
My grandfather was a policeman.	我的祖父是警察
What was it that you gave him?	你给了他什么
I need glue.	我需要胶水
There wasn't a soul in sight.	一个人影也看不到
AI means Artificial Intelligence.	AI	是人工智能的略称
Tickets are available now.	现在有票
Fire is always dangerous.	火总是危险的
I have a bicycle.	我有一辆自行车
He ran faster than his brother did.	他跑得比他哥哥快
I will get you a bike for your birthday.	你生日的时候
Get them before they get us.	在他们控制我们之前
Let me think for a while.	让我思考一下
That nurse is very kind and polite.	那个护士人很好
This is a picture of my mother.	这张是我妈妈的照片
"Did he write a letter yesterday?" "Yes, he did."	"	他昨天写了一封信吗
I'm extremely tired.	我很疲惫
I think Tom is getting ready.	我认为汤姆准备好了
Are you saying my life is in danger?	你在说我有生命危险吗
The cost of living has risen.	生活费升高了
Would you like to go for a drink or something to eat?	你想出去喝几杯或吃个饭吗
You may take either the big box or the small one.	你可以拿大的盒子或是小的盒子
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.	你们很容易就能看出区别
Do you often hear from him?	你常常收到他的音讯吗
London is on the Thames.	伦敦在泰唔士河旁
Have a nice trip!	旅途愉快
Tom played the violin.	汤姆拉小提琴
This job pays 10,000 yen a day.	这个工作一天有
There's no way to win.	没有办法赢
The church is at the foot of a mountain.	教堂位于山脚
He talks as if he knows everything.	他说起话来好像他什么都知道
I didn't sleep a wink last night.	我昨晚一夜没阖眼
Love makes the world go round.	爱让世界转动
You ought to see a dentist.	你应该去看牙医
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day.	情况一天比一天差
I'm pretty busy.	我挺忙
I picked up a pretty shell at the seaside.	我在海边捡了个漂亮贝壳
How much do you love me?	你有多爱我
The registration period is already over.	报名时间已经过了
Tom would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt.	要是汤姆系上安全带的话
What do you think Tom's waist size is?	你认为汤姆的腰围是多少
I'll be in my office from ten tomorrow.	我明天十点起会在办公室里
I fear this work will take up most of my time.	我怕这项工作会占用我大部份的时间
I want to move out of this cramped room as soon as I can.	我想尽快从这个不透气的屋子里出去
All our efforts were in vain.	我们所有的努力都白费了
Are you free right now?	你现在有空吗
Let's talk about what you did in Boston.	让我们谈谈你在波士顿做的事
She has a bit of a bad temper.	她脾气有点坏
I refuse to be treated like a child.	我拒绝被像一个孩子般对待
Will it snow tonight?	今晚会下雪吗
Do you know who they are?	你知道他们是谁吗
Who looks after the children?	谁照顾孩子
Please keep me updated.	请通知我
What I have in my hand is a fossil seashell.	在我手里的是一个贝壳化石
She doesn't like going to school.	她不喜欢去学校
My son is now as tall as I am.	我儿子现在和我一样高了
She has a little bread.	她有点儿面包
I don't like being alone.	我不喜欢独处
I've never underestimated Tom.	我从没低估汤姆
She doesn't seem to be an American.	她似乎不是美国人
I am staying with a friend.	我和一位朋友住在一起
Who cares?	爱谁谁
It occurred to me that he might be in the library.	我突然想到
I don't know what I'm doing.	我不知道我在做甚么
Let's rest here.	在这里稍微休息一下吧
I'm able to swim.	我会游泳
I want something to write on.	我想要可以在上面写字的东西
An electric current can generate magnetism.	电流可以产生磁性
Be more precise.	更清晰些
Tom knows we aren't happy.	汤姆知道我们不高兴
If that were true, what would you do?	如果这是真的
Be nice.	和气点
He is not from Hokkaido.	他不是来自北海道
The man sitting next to me spoke to me.	坐在我旁边的男人跟我说话了
He's out taking a walk.	他出去散步
I encountered a problem.	我遇到了故障
Where will you have lunch today?	你今天将在哪里吃午餐
What are you laughing at?	你笑什么呢
The mountain is covered with snow.	这座山被雪覆盖了
She's hiding the truth from us.	她不让我们知道真相
We want to be on the first bus tomorrow morning.	我们想乘明天早上第一班公交车
Not everyone can be a poet.	不是每个人都能成为诗人
We have to have a plan.	我们必须有计划
I can't help admiring his talent.	我不禁欣赏他的才华
I really don't need any help.	我真的不需要帮助
Take a deep breath and then relax.	深呼吸
I play volleyball a lot.	我常打排球
Tom wants to know why.	汤姆想知道为什么
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.	我不习惯喝无糖咖啡
He has to take two science classes.	他必须上两堂理化课
Tom is no longer a member of this club.	汤姆不再是俱乐部的成员了
There were only six people at the party.	只有六个人参加了派对
I felt something moving on my back.	我感到背上有东西动
I'd rather die than surrender.	我宁死不降
I can't put up with him.	我受不了他
The population of the city is about 100,000.	这座城市的人口约有
The taxi picked up two passengers.	这辆计程车载了两名乘客
I look forward to seeing you again.	我期待著再次见到你
Tom can't afford that.	汤姆负担不起
Tom doesn't write to me anymore.	汤姆不再给我写信了
I'm wounded.	我受伤了
Love doesn't exist.	爱不存在
He can't seem to understand that poem.	他似乎无法理解那首诗
Tom will never see you again.	汤姆以后再也不会见你了
That's exactly how I feel.	那就是我的感受
I'm so tired!	我好累
We're very different.	我们很不一样
Tom isn't very strict about it.	汤姆对此不严格
He was very busy all day.	他忙了一整天
His job is driving a sight-seeing bus.	他的工作是驾驶观光巴士
The situation is worse than I thought.	情况比我想的还坏
I saw a strange woman there.	我看见那儿有个奇怪的女人
We live in the United States.	我们住在美国
I know people think I'm odd.	我知道人们认为我古怪
For the time being, my sister is an assistant in a supermarket.	目前
The game will be played rain or shine.	无论刮风还是下雨
I wouldn't ask this of you if it weren't important.	如果不是它很重要
I can't shake off my cold.	我的感冒怎么也不好
I'm a social worker.	我是个社会工作人员
I'm not very particular about food.	我对食物不是很讲究
Why do you hate me?	你为什么恨我
It's one of the reasons.	这是其中一个原因
She kept crying all night long.	她一整晚都在哭
I found out where she was.	我弄清楚她在哪儿了
Let me have a look at your notebook.	请给我看一下你的笔记本电脑
Is this what you want?	这是你要的吗
This sentence is grammatically correct.	这个句子在语法上是正确的
Please take a look at this.	请看看这里
As everyone knows, air is a mixture of gases.	众所周知
Tulips will bloom soon.	郁金香将很快盛开
I have three tickets.	我有三张票
It's already nine o'clock.	已经
Banks open at nine o'clock.	银行九点开门
You've got to wake up.	你必须醒醒
There must be some misunderstanding between us.	我们之间肯定有误会
More often than not, she had to go in person.	很多时候她要亲自去
Well, have you decided?	那么
It's you I've come for.	我是为你来的
Nobody knows.	谁也不知道
Wash the dishes.	把盘子洗了
I'd like to go abroad one day.	我想有一天去国外
I was asked to umpire the game.	我被要求当这场比赛的裁判
He is likely to arrive soon.	他可能很快就到了
How are you doing in school?	学校怎么样
I've just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer.	我刚才吃了寿司喝了啤酒
Are you saying that I killed Tom?	你是说是我杀了汤姆吗
They are breaking down the wall.	他们正在拆这面墙
What are you doing here?	你在这里做什么
He gave a nice present to me.	他送给我一份漂亮的礼物
Choose any one from among these.	从这些里选一个
I can't remember the meaning of the word that I looked up yesterday.	我记不起昨天查的那个词的意思了
Her speech moved the audience.	她的演说感动了听众
Tom and I see each other every day at school.	汤姆和我每天都在学校见面
My child is sick.	我的孩子病了
You shouldn't wait here.	你不应该在这里等
Tom decided not to wait.	汤姆决定不再等了
Today, I was supposed to study at the library but I woke up around 12 o'clock.	今天我本打算在图书馆学习
What's your name?	叫什么名字
Remember to mail this letter tomorrow morning.	明天早上记得去寄这封信
My older sister plays the guitar well.	我姐姐吉他弹得很好
The bookcase is level with the table.	书架和桌子齐平
The circumstances did not allow me to go abroad.	情况不允许我出国
The doctor may have said so.	医生可能说过
What is this?	这是什么
I am too short.	我太矮了
What were you doing that moment?	当时你在做什么
Who are you working for?	你为谁工作
My vision is getting worse these days.	这些天我的视力正在变差
Apples were served as the dessert.	苹果被当作甜点
What made her do so?	为什么她要做这种事情呢
It's almost three o'clock.	将近三点了
We skipped his turn on purpose.	轮到他时
What are those numbers?	那些数字是什么
Africa is a continent; Greenland is not.	非洲是一个大陆
Industry as we know it today didn't exist in those days.	我们今天所认识的工业在那个时代不存在
She killed herself yesterday.	她昨天自杀了
This is Room 839.	这是
Can I borrow your scissors?	我能借用你的剪刀吗
Checks are accepted.	我们接受支票
He thanked me for coming.	他感谢我的到来
He had his shirt on inside out.	他把他的衬衫穿反了
I think I now have enough money to buy the car I want.	我认为我现在有足够的钱买我想要的那辆车
My wife often telephones me when I'm traveling in another country.	我在国外旅行的时候
We should call the police.	我们应该叫警察来
How far away is the airport?	到机场有多远
My brother is holding a camera in his hand.	我弟弟手里拿着一个摄像机
Who hired you?	谁雇了你
You really are tall, aren't you?	你真的很高
Where is the gate?	门在哪里
His company didn't survive the crisis.	他的公司没有从危机中幸存
Her daughter has become a beautiful woman.	她的女儿已经变成一个漂亮的女人
We had to live together.	我们要在一起生活
Are you busy now?	现在你们忙吗
He doesn't realise that he's tone deaf.	他不知道他自己五音不全
I wish you'd go.	我希望你去
Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he did that.	汤姆不会告诉玛丽他做那件事的真实原因
He may have been ill.	他可能病了
This cake tastes like it has cheese in it.	这块蛋糕尝起来有奶酪的味道
World War II lasted from 1939 to 1945.	第二次世界大战从
This tea isn't sweet enough for me.	这种茶对我而言不够甜
Tom used to come to Boston every summer.	汤姆以前每年夏天都去波士顿
You'd better not stay up late.	你最好不要熬夜
The murmur of the brook lulls me to sleep.	溪流潺潺
Last night there was a full moon.	昨晚是满月
This jacket is a little too big.	这件夹克有点太大了
Were you serious about that?	你对那是认真的吗
We need to get going.	我们该走了
I am in Tokyo today.	我今天在东京
I'll try to meet your wishes.	我会尽力满足你的愿望
I'm slow to adapt to new situations.	我适应新环境很慢
You're too suspicious about everything.	您对什么都太怀疑了
I've done a lot this week.	我在本周做了许多事
Tom has a lot of experience in computers.	汤姆对电脑有很多经验
I think it's possible that Tom may come.	我觉得汤姆有可能会来
Somebody had drowned her in the bathtub.	有人把她淹死在浴缸里
It's a matter of life and death.	这是一个生和死的问题
Can I see this one?	我能看看这个吗
We must keep up the family traditions.	我们必须保持家庭传统
They don't like Tom.	他们不喜欢汤姆
I have already eaten lunch.	我已经吃过午餐了
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street.	公车突然在路中央停下来
I eat here.	我在这里吃
"The good die young" is an old saying which may or may not be true.	“	好人不长命
It isn't as easy to do that as people think.	这并不像一般人觉得的那么容易
He threw a piece of meat to a dog.	他朝狗扔了一块肉
She recognized the brooch as the one she had lost a few months before.	她认出那枚胸针是她几个月前丢失的
He risked losing all his fortune.	他冒着失去所有财产的危险
Whose fault is that?	是谁的错呢
He has over a million dollars in assets.	他有超过一百万美元的资产
I would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater.	我想去美术馆胜过去电影院
It's under the table.	它在桌下
Is there anyone in the room?	屋里有人吗
Can I ask you a question?	我可以问你个问题吗
"Why are you going to Japan?" "To attend a conference in Tokyo."	“	你去日本干嘛
You can go wherever you want.	你想去哪里都可以
The economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry.	这个岛的经济依靠的是渔业
How come Mary is going on a picnic with him?	为什么玛丽和他去野餐
Why have you been late to school every day this week?	为什么你这个礼拜每天上学都迟到
How many apples do you want me to buy?	你想让我买多少个苹果
He has had a crush on her.	他一直暗恋着她
Our house was robbed while we were away.	我们走开的时候
Do you want to eat garbanzo beans?	你想吃鹰嘴豆吗
I met him yesterday for the first time.	我昨天第一次见到他
He put on clean trousers.	他穿上了干净的裤子
Please give me the menu.	请给我菜单
We sometimes swim in the lake.	我们偶尔在湖里游泳
Do you hear me?	你听得见吗
They water the fruit trees.	他们给果树浇水
I wish I were an only child.	我要是个独子就好了
We're late.	我们迟到了
She spends her leisure time making dolls.	她利用空闲时间做布娃娃
I'll get you whatever you want.	我会给你任何你想要的东西
This job doesn't pay.	这份工作不付钱的
I want beef, too.	"	我也要牛肉
Tom's hands felt like ice.	汤姆的手像冰一样
A devastating earthquake hit the state capital.	一场毁灭性的地震袭击了这个州的首府
Just relax.	放松点吧
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.	雪梨是澳洲最大的城市
I have a slight headache now.	现在我有些许头痛
As soon as she heard the bell ring, she answered the telephone.	她一听到铃响
He gave the same answer as before.	他给了跟以前一样的回答
I was the happiest man on earth.	我曾是世界上最幸福的男人
Tom didn't tell Mary anything about that.	汤姆没有告诉玛丽关于那件事的任何信息
I spoke with him about the matter.	我跟他谈过这个问题
Both of my brothers are married.	我的两个兄弟都结婚了
Tom and Mary will go with me.	汤姆和玛丽会跟我走
How many people are in this room?	在这个房间里有多少人
Tom goes to work by motorcycle.	汤姆骑摩托车上班
I don't take drugs.	我不吸毒
Please don't interrupt me.	请不要打断我
His letter makes me uneasy.	他的来信让我不安
Ask Tom to help you.	让汤姆帮你
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston.	汤姆不想住在波士顿
It just started to rain.	刚开始下雨
More than 40 percent of the students go to university.	40%	以上的学生去读大学
We don't have enough time.	我们时间不多了
He can swim very fast.	他能游得很快
I've been sick.	我生病了
Tom knows nothing about the situation.	汤姆对局势一无所知
They now have three children.	现在他们有三个孩子
What's she doing?	她在做什么
What is it?	它是什么
Putting ideas into practice is difficult.	把想法付诸实践是困难的
He made a few grammatical mistakes.	他犯了一些文法错误
I miss you so much.	我如此想念你
It's obvious that she's sick.	显然地她生病了
We've got to have determination.	我们要下决心了
I'd like to call my family.	我想给家人打电话
Don't be late for school again.	不要再上学迟到了
I want to lose weight.	我想减肥
I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.	我认为一部电影的乐趣远胜于任何一本书
The police will put you behind bars.	警察会把你关在牢里
Call me if you discover anything.	如果你发现什么
We hear with our ears.	我们用耳朵听
I'm telling you the truth.	我在告诉你真相
Do you want to be an actor in a movie?	你想成为一名电影演员吗
It is ten minutes before eleven.	还有十分钟就十一点
We were in danger of losing our lives.	我们一度有失去生命的危险
I just wanted somebody to help me.	我只是想有个人来帮助我
Yesterday, I read a really interesting story.	昨天
He must be the principal.	他一定是校长
Your room is very big.	你们的房间很大
She seems to hate you.	她好像很讨厌你
Tom refused to even listen to my suggestions.	汤姆甚至拒绝听我的建议
I don't need anyone.	我谁也不需要
I don't know what Tom saw.	我不知道汤姆看到了什么
Tom, you've got to get up.	汤姆
The game ended at nine o'clock.	比赛在九点钟结束
He graduated from Cambridge with honors.	他以优异的成绩毕业于剑桥大学
I'm not as optimistic as you.	我没有你那么乐观
I go by that church every day.	我每天都从那座教堂前经过
Do you like to drink wine?	你喜欢喝红酒吗
Some of them seem to be too difficult.	其中一些似乎太难了
The accident happened the day before yesterday.	事故发生在前天
No kidding?	认真的
Tom says that he doesn't feel like going out.	汤姆说他不想出去
Thousands of people lost their jobs.	数千人失业
Write your name in capital letters.	写下你名字的大写字母
They were always making jokes.	他们一直闹笑话
My father participated in a cooking contest and came in first.	我爸爸参加了料理竞赛并得了第一名
We're still vulnerable.	我们还是脆弱不堪
I was at the theater.	我在剧场
I came by car.	我开车来的
Freedom is the center of American democracy.	美国民主的中心思想是自由
Mary didn't recognize her ex-husband.	玛丽没有认出她的前夫
I'll get off at the next station.	我下一站下车
Strawberries sell for a high price in the winter.	草莓在冬天售价高
I need to get to bed.	我该去睡觉了
He will not be back tomorrow.	他明天不回来
Would you like a cup of coffee?	你要来杯咖啡吗
He will come back.	他会回来的
Where are you off to?	你要去哪里
I have ten pens more than you do.	我比你多
Mary is pregnant with twins.	玛丽怀了双胞胎
I hope I can see you soon.	我希望很快就能见到你
Have you ever seen Tom when he's mad?	你有看见过汤姆生气的时候吗
She won everything.	她赢得一切了
You're terrible.	你真坏
What should I do?	我该做什么
Please help me.	请帮助我
It seems that the only time he isn't eating is when he's sleeping.	看来他只有在睡觉时不吃东西
I still have a question.	我还有个问题
Your reason is very good.	你的理由很充分
Ideas matter.	想法很重要
Hold your horses, young man.	握住你的马
I can't sing that song.	我不会唱那首歌的
He is getting along with his neighborhood.	他与他的邻居相处
I've got time.	我有时间
She ripped her dress on a branch.	她在树枝上把自己的裙子扯烂了
This is the house I lived in when I was young.	这是我年轻时候住的房子
I haven't made much progress.	我还没有取得那么大的进展
You understand, don't you?	你明白
She is a famous singer.	她是一个著名的歌手
Tom realized it was time to leave.	汤姆意识到该走了
We studied English.	我们学了英语
Do you have a table on the patio?	你院子里有桌子吗
Who picked you for this mission?	谁选你来做这个任务
Would you like some more cake?	你想再来些蛋糕吗
Thou shalt not kill.	不可杀人
He got up at five as usual.	他像往常一样五点钟起床
He is a dentist by profession.	他是一位专职牙医
I agree with you on this point.	我同意你这一点
I don't think that anyone was satisfied.	我不认为这件事让每个人都满意了
I threw away my shoes.	我把自己的鞋子扔掉了
Her red dress made her stand out.	她的红色礼服使她引人注目
You have beautiful hair.	你的头发很漂亮
This might not be a genuine diamond.	这可能不是真的钻石
She was visibly afraid to be here.	显然她害怕待在这里
You don't have to buy anything right now.	您现在不必购买任何东西
She understands you now.	她现在了解你
A soccer team consists of eleven players.	一个足球队由十一个球员组成
The conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse.	在这个城市
She has many friends in the United States.	她有很多美国朋友
I heard her singing.	我听见她唱歌了
Rabbits have long ears and short tails.	兔子长着长长的耳朵和短短的尾巴
Tom bought the new album.	汤姆买了新专辑
I just stayed at home and watched TV.	我只是待在家里看电视
Don't hate me.	不要恨我
Goodbyes are always sad.	离别总是让人悲伤
Go when you want.	你想走的时候就走吧
I saw nothing.	我什么都没看见
You look just like your mother.	你看起来就像你的母亲
His office is on the eighth floor.	他的办公室在八楼
Where're Tom's things?	汤姆的东西在哪里
What you see is what you get.	你看到什么拿什么
I want a new shirt. What do you want?	我要一件新衬衫
I'm on your side.	我站在你这边
There's no need to get so angry.	没有必要这么生气
I don't care all that much.	我不那么在意
Did you get your wish?	你如愿以偿了吗
Hunger is the best sauce.	饥饿是最好的调味品
He said hello to the woman.	他向那位女士问好
It's very warm today.	今天很热
Those chairs are in the way.	那些椅子挡住了去路
We want a new carpet.	我们想要一条新毯子
Boil the water.	把水烧开
We should have been more careful.	我们应该更小心的
He gave it to me for nothing.	他免费把它给了我
Wash your feet.	洗您的脚
The light is green.	现在是绿灯
It isn't your problem.	不是你的问题
The diamond was set in a gold ring.	钻石被镶在一个金戒指上
Children need loving.	孩子们需要关爱
Will you tell me why you like her?	你能告诉我你为什么喜欢她吗
I speak French every day at work.	我每天工作时都讲法语
Why do you want to leave today?	你们为什么想今天走
That wasn't the main reason Tom needed to do that.	这不是汤姆要做那件事的主要原因
What're you after?	你想要什么
How did you reply?	你回答了什么
He had plenty of fight left in him.	他的胸中还有足够的斗志
There was complete silence.	一片寂静无声
Do you want to buy anything?	你要买点东西吗
She hurt her foot when she fell off her bicycle.	她在从自行车上摔下来时伤到了脚
She says she will call you later.	她说她晚一点会打电话给你
Who will take care of the dog while we are away?	当我们离开的时候
How about Friday?	你觉得周五怎么样
I don't want to live alone.	我不想独自生活
I'll have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow.	你明天来的时候
What did it cost?	多少钱
Is there any chance that Tom isn't going to be there?	有没有可能汤姆不会去那儿
Tom wanted to know if Mary had a boyfriend.	汤姆想知道玛丽是否有男朋友
His clothes always smell bad.	他的衣服总是很臭
I decided to study every day.	我决定每天用功读书
Who wants it?	谁想要它
Do you think this thing is cute?	你觉得这个东西萌吗
I have more money than Tom.	我比汤姆有钱
I was scared all the time.	我一直很害怕
I used to swim in this river.	我以前在这条河里游泳
Do you want apples or peaches?	你要苹果还是桃子
I didn't know what to do then.	那时我不知道该怎么办
I am not always free on Sundays.	我星期日并不总是有空
Christmas is a special holiday.	圣诞节是一个特别的节日
What's the problem with your computer?	你的电脑有什么问题
I'm scared of dogs.	我怕狗
Are you coming next week?	你下周来吗
Tom was the one who suggested I buy this.	汤姆是建议我买这个的人
I was struck by lightning.	我被雷劈了
He tried to speak French to us.	他试著跟我们讲法语
You're everything to me.	你是我的一切
We hacked a path through the forest.	我们开出了一条穿过森林的小路
Shall we walk?	我们该步行吗
We have issues we have to deal with.	我们有我们必须解决的问题
It rained three times during the trip.	这次出游下了三次雨
Developing political awareness takes time.	培养政治意识要花费时间
I like each of them.	我喜欢他们每一个
I want to talk to him.	我想跟他说话
I am afraid of dogs.	我怕狗
As soon as it gets dark, the fireworks will start.	天一黑
I like to take a walk after meals.	我喜欢饭后散步
The old man breathed his last.	老人咽下了最后一口气
I'd like to rent a car.	我想租一辆车
Was it all an illusion?	那全是幻觉吗
He runs as fast as you.	他跑得跟你一样快
There are almost no books.	几乎没有任何书籍
He is allergic to house dust.	他对室内灰尘过敏
I caught him stealing the camera.	我抓到他偷相机
Tom was selected.	汤姆被选中了
It can't be true.	那不可能是真的
It's not something that anyone can do.	这不是任何人都能做的事
You've been had.	你受骗了
I work every day but Sunday.	我除了星期天外每天都上班
Do you study every day?	您每天都读书吗
I'd buy a new house if I had the money.	如果我有钱
I won't say it again.	我不会再说了
Do you like music?	你喜欢音乐吗
We arrived at the office on time.	我们准时到达了办公室
Ask for what you want.	想要什么就说
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems.	最近的咖啡短缺带来了许多问题
Did the police find any fingerprints?	警察找到指纹了吗
It's up to you to decide whether we'll go there or not.	该由你来决定我们去不去那儿
We were robbed.	我们被偷了
It's a long way to the station.	到车站的路程很远
That red dress suited her.	那件红色的洋装适合她
It's valid until March thirty-first, nineteen-ninety-seven.	有效期到
Tom can't go home until after 2:30.	汤姆在
Stand back!	往后站
There is a television in this room.	这个房间里有个电视机
Are you laughing at me?	你在嘲笑我吗
May I hold your hand?	我可以牵着你的手吗
Kill them.	杀了他们
I've got to go now.	我现在得走了
I've already visited Australia.	我已经游览过澳大利亚了
He still hasn't responded to my letter.	他还没回我的信
There is an orange on the table.	桌上有一只橙子
Children should obey their parents.	孩子应该服从他们的父母
The living room adjoins the dining room.	客厅紧邻著餐厅
He barely passed the examination.	他勉强地通过了考试
It's fun to travel.	旅行是令人快乐的
Walk ahead of me.	在我前面走
We got him to carry our bag.	我们让他帮我们拿袋子
I need to know.	我需要知道
Many young people in Japan eat bread for breakfast.	许多日本的年轻人吃面包当作早餐
Not everyone seems to agree with Tom.	似乎不是每个人都同意汤姆
You should do that as often as you can while you're still young.	趁你还年轻的时候
Is it all there?	全都在那里吗
Their traditional life style no longer exists.	他们传统的生活方式不再存在
Such a thing can't happen in Japan.	这样的事情不可能在日本发生
I had my brother repair my bicycle.	我让我的哥哥修理我的脚踏车
She held her baby in her arms.	她把她的孩子抱在怀里
Don't let appearances deceive you.	不要被外貌蒙蔽了
Tom added both his and Mary's name to the list.	汤姆将他自己和玛丽的名字添加到了名单上
Lots of herons live in the marsh.	许多苍鹭在沼泽地中生活
I understand everything you said.	我理解你所说的一切
Don't laugh at him for making a mistake.	不要笑他犯了错误
I met a friend.	我遇见一个朋友
You must start at once.	你必须马上开始
How do you pronounce this word?	这个词怎么发音
Why don't you eat pineapple?	你为什么不吃菠萝
Termites eat wood.	白蚁吃木头
He is about your age.	他岁数和你差不多
I'll sauté a few sweet potatoes and sprinkle them with sugar.	我去炸一点红薯
This is a wooden table.	这是张木桌
Here is a basket full of vegetables.	这里有个装满蔬菜的篮子
I'd better do it right now.	我最好马上做
She carried that habit to her grave.	她到死都改不了那个习惯
I want to go there.	我想去那里
He is my youngest brother.	他是我最年轻的兄弟
I'm sorry, I don't have change.	不好意思
He often quotes from Shakespeare.	他经常引用莎士比亚
He may be able to come tomorrow.	他也许明天能来
I didn't order this.	我没有预定这个
Will it take long to recover?	复原需要花很长的时间吗
I have lost my key.	我钥匙丢了
Shut your mouth.	闭上你的嘴
Where is the coffee shop?	这家咖啡馆在哪里
It'll soon be three o'clock.	很快就要三点钟了
I played tennis yesterday for the first time.	昨天我第一次打了网球
It's not a watch.	这不是手表
A cup of tea, please.	请给我一杯茶
I didn't see anyone.	我什么人都没看见
I will write letters to you as often as I can.	我会尽可能多给你写信的
Which is your book?	哪本是你们的书
The boy entered by the back door.	那个男生从后门进来了
Do you have plans for tonight?	今晚有什么计划吗
It's human nature.	它是人的天性
Step aside.	让开
Tom seemed to like your cooking.	汤姆好像很喜欢你做的菜
Not everyone will love you.	不是每个人都会爱你
Tom has been really busy recently.	汤姆最近相当忙
I'll never speak to you again.	我再也不会跟你说话了
There are no live animals in the museum.	这博物馆里面没有活的生物
Don't ask me anything.	什么都别问我
You look like a monkey.	你看着像猴
The ages of the two children put together was equivalent to that of their father.	两个孩子的年龄加起来和他们的父亲相当
The company's going to go bankrupt really soon.	公司很快就要倒闭了
Tom likes tofu.	汤姆喜欢豆腐
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.	翻译几页英文花了我
Do you have anything to remove stains?	你有除锈的东西吗
What's your favorite item of clothing?	你最喜欢哪类的衣服
The clown made a funny face.	小丑做了个鬼脸
Where do you want to go?	你要去哪里
I don't even know if Tom went to college or not.	我连汤姆有没有上过大学也不知道
The bus is full. You'll have to wait for the next one.	这班公车客满了
You're a professor, aren't you?	你是一名教授
We're going to climb that mountain.	我们将要去爬那座山
I think you've mistaken me for someone else.	我想你将我认成别人了
That fox must have killed the hen.	那只狐狸杀了一只母鸡
The accident almost cost him his life.	事故差点让他丢了性命
Where did you buy these shoes?	你在哪里买这双鞋子
Have you heard from him recently?	你最近有他的消息吗
I like to travel.	我喜欢旅行
How many kids do you have?	你有几个孩子
My husband earns $100,000 a year.	我丈夫一年收入
Won't you have some tea with me?	你不和我一起喝点茶吗
When does your new store open?	你的新商店什么时候开张
I need to go to the bathroom.	我要去方便一下
Would you pass the salt, please?	请你把盐递过来好吗
What exactly happened to you?	你到底怎么回事啊
Where are you going?	你们去哪里
I need to go to sleep.	我必须睡了
It's a good thing to read good books when you are young.	年轻的时候多看点好书是件好事
Tom didn't even notice Mary had gone.	汤姆甚至没注意到玛丽走了
How do you want your hair cut?	你想怎么剪你的头发
It's my birthday soon.	我的生日就快到了
Do you share a room?	你们共住一个房间吗
The plane is ready.	飞机准备好了
I feel a whole lot better today.	我今天感觉好多了
I can't wait forever.	我不能永远地等
Tom's the only guy in this class.	汤姆是这个班级里唯一的男生
Who knows?	谁知道
I have to buy Christmas gifts.	我必须要买圣诞礼物了
His explanation is not clear.	他的说明并不清楚
Tom didn't give me back my money.	汤姆没有把钱还给我
Would you lend me some money?	你可以借我一些钱吗
I treated her as my own daughter.	我把她当成是我自己的女儿一样对待
Will you please turn down the radio?	请你把收音机关小声一点好吗
Pick up the pencil from the floor.	从地上捡起这支铅笔
Your problem is similar to mine.	你的问题和我的相似
Where's your bag?	你的包在哪里
I would rather stay at home than go out in this hot weather.	在这种暑天里我宁愿呆在家也不出去
He works with me at the office.	他跟我在这间办公室一起工作
Do you know the meaning of this word?	您知道这个词的意思吗
Well, the night is quite long, isn't it?	夜晚很长
Will the police come?	警察会来吗
Tom needs the money.	汤姆需要钱
Pick up the phone.	接一下电话
We often hear it said that the Japanese are good workers.	我们经常听说日本人工作勤奋
I'm the tallest in our class.	我在班里是最高的
I'm still sleepy.	我还很困
Choose one from among these.	从中选一个
Give me the report.	给我报告
He isn't here because he's ill.	他不在这儿
Stay out of my business.	别管我的事
I'm satisfied with my work.	我很满意我的工作
Why did you not tell me the truth?	为什么你不告诉我真相
I'm considering studying in the United States next year.	我在考虑明年去美国学习
I can hear you.	我听得到
I have no money on me.	我身上没有钱
I don't want to grow up.	我不想长大
Let me do that.	让我去做
If it were not for your help, I could not succeed.	没有你的帮忙
"Who is it?" "It's your mother."	“	是谁
Your team is stronger than ours.	你们的队伍比我们的强
Tom didn't know how to control himself.	汤姆不知道怎么控制住自己
I trust him.	我信任他
You are not at all wrong.	你完全没错
I'm clearly missing something here.	我确实在这里丢了东西
You're doing it wrong.	你这样做是错的
Would you like to eat with us?	你想和我们一起吃吗
I generally walk to school.	一般我步行去学校
She left her son a lot of money.	她留了很多钱给她儿子
I like swimming, but I don't like to swim here.	我喜欢游泳
Do your best.	尽力而为
She is giving a party tonight.	她今晚举行派对
Be fair.	公平点
I am a good boy.	我是一个好男孩
Tom is in the other room drinking vodka.	Tom	在别的房间喝伏特加
Tom is on his way here.	汤姆正往这里来
My husband's not in town.	我丈夫没在城里
He pretended to be a doctor.	他假装是一名医生
You may choose what you like.	你可以选择你喜欢的
I found it by chance.	我偶然找到了它
You should return home before it gets dark.	你应该在天黑之前回家
You work too hard these days. Aren't you tired?	这些天你工作太多了
Horses are useful animals.	马是种很有用的动物
What's your horse's name?	你的马叫什么名字
What do you usually do on Sundays?	你周日通常做什么
Are you here to see Tom?	你是来见汤姆的吗
I sent her a doll.	我寄给她一个娃娃
That's my goal.	这是我的目的
Everyone will die.	人固有一死
The path zigzagged up the steep slope.	蜿蜒的小路爬上了陡坡
The hunter followed the bear's tracks.	猎人跟著熊的踪迹
This table is made out of wood.	这张桌子是木的
She'll almost certainly pass the test.	她几乎确定会通过测验
Can you eat raw oysters?	你能生吃牡蛎吗
I haven't had time to look for what you wanted.	我没时间找你想要的东西
It has been raining since Sunday.	从周日开始一直在下雨
Tell me where to put these books.	告诉我这些书要放在哪里
Would you please explain the rules to me?	请你为我解释规则好吗
Those two are exactly alike.	那两个是一模一样的
I'll wait for you in front of the school.	我在学校前面等你
Tom is hiding a terrible secret.	汤姆隐藏着一个可怕的秘密
I promise I'll do that tomorrow.	我保证明天就做
The boat was piloted safely into harbor.	船被安全地领入港口
I was barely able to work.	我几乎不能工作了
He has no children.	他没有孩子
Suddenly, the light went out.	灯突然灭了
I don't want Tom seeing this.	我不想让汤姆看见这个
I have to say I envy you guys.	我不得不说我羡慕你们
Leave him alone.	让他一个人待着
He goes to school on foot.	他步行上学
Tom doesn't even know my name.	汤姆甚至不知道我的名字
The quality of these products is the same.	这些产品的品质是一样的
Tom thought that he had a chance to make a lot of money on the stock market.	汤姆觉得他有机会在股市赚一大笔钱
Did Tom ever tell you how he first met Mary?	汤姆告诉你他初次见玛丽的事了吗
It'll rain for sure.	绝对将要下雨
She went there yesterday.	她昨天去那里
I'm out of here.	我走了
We've got to start thinking about recycling.	我们必须开始考虑回收
Tom was just as excited as Mary.	汤姆就和玛丽一样兴奋
Compare your answer with Tom's.	比较你和汤姆的答案
I felt cold and uncomfortable the entire night.	我整个晚上觉得又冷又不舒服
Please mail this letter for me.	请帮我寄信
Tom is annoying Mary.	汤姆在烦玛丽亚
I'm getting married to her in June.	我将在六月跟他结婚
She had a basket full of apples.	她有一整篮的苹果
There are five patients in the waiting room.	等候室里有五位患者
I'll study your report.	我会研究你的报告
Thanks for the clarification.	感谢澄清
A tsunami is coming, so please be on the alert.	海啸来了
I don't know for certain.	我不太确定
I just thought I should double check.	我只觉得我应该再检查一遍
Tom thinks I'm too young.	汤姆认为我太年轻
Please phone me before you come.	请你来之前打电话给我
We're old friends.	我们是老朋友了
This hall can hold 5,000 people.	这个大厅可以容纳
He held on firmly to the branch.	他紧紧抓住树枝
I shouldn't have lied to you.	我不该对你说谎
He did everything he could for his child.	他为自己的孩子能做的都做了
Time is more precious than anything else.	时间比什么都宝贵
He can speak 10 languages.	他会讲十门语言
I don't want you to go.	我不想让你走
The worst is already over.	最坏的已经过去了
Tom gave us everything we needed.	汤姆把我们需要的一切都给我们了
I think you're stupid.	我认为你傻
It isn't dinnertime yet.	现在还不是晚饭时间
They speak English in New Zealand.	他们在纽西兰讲英语
I was able to succeed because of your advice.	我因为有你的建议才能成功
Love is like oxygen.	爱就像氧气
Do you have a larger size?	你有比较大的尺寸吗
He didn't mean to hurt you.	他不是故意要伤害你
It rained on and off all day.	雨断断续续地下了一整天
Do you speak English?	你说英语吗
He asked me where my uncle lived.	他问我我的叔叔住在哪里
We need Tom back.	我们需要汤姆回来
A light bulb gives light.	灯泡发光
You won't be able to catch the train.	你将无法赶上火车
I'm very busy these days.	我最近很忙
How did you know that was my favorite one?	你怎么知道那是我最喜欢的
She always studies while listening to music.	她总是边听音乐边念书
He can play both tennis and baseball.	他既会打网球
He'll come on foot or by bicycle.	他走路或者骑车过来
She may realize later what I meant.	她可能以后会明白我的意思
My camera is waterproof.	我的照相机是防水的
I was absent from work yesterday.	我昨天没去上班
Would you please wait for a few minutes?	请您等几分钟好吗
He introduced me to his parents.	他把我介绍给他的父母认识
If you feed your dog properly, you can increase his lifespan.	合理地喂狗可以延长宠物寿命
I bought a new television.	我买了台新电视机
That flower smells sweet.	那花闻起来很香
I don't think this is a good idea.	我觉得这主意不行
He took the wrong bus by mistake.	他搭错了车
This conference is very important. Don't miss it.	这场会议很重要
I'll get you something nice.	我会给点你好东西
Investigating the causes of cancer is very expensive.	有关癌症成因的研究耗费颇巨
The shower doesn't work.	淋浴坏了
I'm very sorry to have troubled you.	给你添麻烦了
We divided the money between us.	我们平分这笔钱
That was really unfair.	那真不公平
Don't throw away this magazine. I haven't read it yet.	这本杂志不要扔
There is nothing worse than doing something in a half-hearted manner.	没有什么比做事缺乏热情更糟
How about tomorrow night?	明晚怎么样
He studied very hard.	他学习非常努力
Half a loaf is better than none.	聊胜于无
Many boys and girls were present.	许多男生和女生都出席了
What happened to Tom's head?	汤姆的头怎么了
Tom wanted Mary to go home.	汤姆想让玛丽回家
This fish is delicious.	这条鱼很美味
She was busy with her knitting.	她忙着编织
I admire you for your courage.	我佩服你的勇气
You don't have to help us if you don't want to.	如果你们不想帮我们可以不用帮
I suspect that Tom is tired of doing that.	我怀疑汤姆已经厌烦这么做了
The child's body felt feverish.	这个小孩身体很烫
"I'll be back," said Tom.	“	我会回来
What prevented you from coming earlier?	什么阻止你早点来了
How much is this camera?	这部相机多少钱
An uncle of mine gave me some useful advice.	我的一个叔叔给我了一些有用的建议
Tom is unbelievably stupid.	汤姆傻得难以置信
Turn off the gas.	把煤气关了
I'm studying economics in college.	我正在大学里读经济
I want something to drink.	我想喝点什么
Knowledge is power.	知识就是力量
He's a meth addict.	他是个吸毒男
Tom regrets his mistake.	汤姆为他的错误后悔
Would you mind coming with me?	你介意跟我一起来吗
I have eight brothers and sisters.	我有八个兄弟姐妹
We need more food.	我们需要更多食物
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.	我要知道为什么汤姆要我们那样做
Tom's check bounced.	汤姆的支票被退票了
I don't have any other questions.	我没有别的问题了
He stretched out his arm to take the book.	他伸长了手臂为了能拿到书
The girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom.	女孩在教室的角落啜泣
I found the work very interesting.	我觉得这个工作非常有趣
The school was established in 1650.	这所学校建于
Tom cried for a long time.	汤姆哭了很长时间
Not all Germans like to drink beer.	不是所有的德国人都喜欢喝啤酒
I didn't see anything.	我什么都没看见
I can recommend this restaurant.	我推荐这个餐厅
I've never seen you so happy.	我从没见过你这么高兴
The police are investigating the cause of the accident.	警察调查事故的原因
I have neither time nor money.	我没有时间
Suddenly it began to rain.	突然开始下雨
I go to school here, too.	我也在这儿上学
Does he go to school on foot or by bicycle?	他走路去学校还是骑车去学校
Is this your first visit to Japan?	这是你第一次到日本吗
Tom is smart.	汤姆脑子好使
What is your name?	你叫什么
I wonder why they left my name off the list.	我奇怪他们为什么在表里把我的名字落下了
How about going out for dinner?	出去吃晚餐如何
President Lincoln was what we call a self-made man.	林肯总统就是我们所谓白手起家的男人
The poor child was on the verge of starvation.	那可怜的孩子快饿死了
Can we stop fighting?	我们能不打了吗
I'll give you anything that you want.	我会给你任何你想要东西
Where is the book?	那本书在哪儿
Everybody in the village knew him.	村子里的每个人都认识他
Tell Tom I'll be there in a minute.	告诉
Tom knew who was inside his house.	汤姆知道谁在他房子里
He told the truth.	他说了实话
I got lucky.	我运气很好
Tom, have you already eaten lunch?	汤姆
Where do you have pain?	你哪里痛
Take it easy.	放轻松
Can you drive?	您会开车吗
I should really get some sleep.	我真该睡一觉了
They don't like you.	他们不喜欢你
He drank a whole bottle of milk.	他喝了一整瓶的牛奶
Tom mopped the floor.	汤姆擦了地板
If possible, I'd like to travel around the world.	如果可能的话
Tell me the correct answer.	告诉我正确的答案
I didn't catch your last name.	我没听到您的姓
See you tonight.	今晚见
She looks pretty in that dress.	她穿上那件衣服看起来很漂亮
He began to cry.	他开始哭了
I wish to visit Egypt someday.	我希望有一天去埃及
You didn't eat much lunch, did you?	你午饭吃的不多
I attached my signature to the document.	我签署了文件
She is older and wiser now.	她现在更加年长也更加有智慧
Please let me know what you want.	请让我知道你要什么
We were disappointed to hear that Tom couldn't get a visa.	我们很遗憾地听说
I am out of time.	我没时间了
He suggested that we go for a swim.	他提议大家一起去游泳
I couldn't help but be impressed by Tom's courage.	汤姆的勇气给我留下了深刻印象
He filled the bottle with water.	他用水装满了瓶子
He is but a child.	他不过是个孩子
I want you to open the window.	我要你把窗户打开
Which of these rackets is yours?	这些球拍中哪一支是你的
I ate curry last night.	我昨晚吃了咖喱
I don't care a bit about the future.	我不在乎将来
He wasn't able to open the box.	他没有能力打开箱子
The plane took off.	飞机起飞了
My ex-husband no longer lives in this city.	我前男友不再住在这个城市了
There is a hole in your sock.	你的袜子上有个洞
How do you view this matter?	您怎么看这个问题
I have a frog in my throat.	我紧张得说不出话来了
I wasn't busy last week.	我上周不忙
Wherever she goes, she is well liked.	无论她去哪里
Tom wants to sit down.	汤姆想坐下
She has a cottage by the sea.	她在海边有一个度假屋
I had my teeth examined at the dentist's.	我在牙医那儿检查了牙齿
Winter is coming soon.	冬季快来了
Please open the window.	麻烦你开一下窗
My father died four years ago.	我的父亲四年前去世了
It is clear what must be done.	显然地势必要做些什么
Perhaps Tom is too old to do this kind of thing.	也许
I'm very sorry that I came home so late.	我很抱歉那么晚回家
Please show me around.	请带我到处看看
We have French third period.	我们第三节是法语课
Can I call you Tom?	我可以叫你汤姆吗
What's your favorite song?	你最喜欢的歌是什么
What makes you think I won't be able to do it?	你怎么认为我做不了
I do not know whether it is good or not.	我不知道它是好是坏
After I got married, my Japanese got better and I could understand more.	在我结婚之后
Life is fun.	人生是有趣的
It was a great shock to me.	这对我是很大的震撼
I got there in time for the train.	我准时赶上了火车
They're armed.	他们有带武器
I can only speak for myself.	我只能代表我自己讲话
Are you mad at Tom?	你在生汤姆的气吗
The tie doesn't go with my suit.	领带和我的西装不配
Why should I care what you think?	为什么我应该在乎你怎么想
How did you know I liked Tom?	你怎么知道我喜欢汤姆
Is this a duty-free shop?	这是一间免税商店吗
I've been looking for you.	我一直在找你
He's getting along well with all of his classmates.	他和他所有的同学相处融洽
I work every day except Sunday.	我除了星期天外每天都上班
Do you meet him often?	你常常跟他见面吗
Why are you so happy?	你为什么那么高兴
I had trouble unwrapping the package.	我在打开包装时遇到了麻烦
We don't have time to argue.	我们没有时间来辩论
She gave us some useful information.	她给了我们一些有用的讯息
I don't like eating meat.	我不喜欢吃肉了
Please go on with your story.	请继续讲你的故事
We have the same problem.	你的问题和我的一样
I need you to promise you'll do what I ask you to do.	我需要你承诺你会照我说的话去做
My house is your house.	我家就是你家
The old man is blind in one eye.	这老人瞎了一只眼
That's true as well.	说得也是
You don't need to call me.	你不必打电话给我
How much money do you need?	你需要多少钱
I'll call you up tomorrow.	明天我给你打电话
We import tea from India.	我们从印度进口茶叶
Tom might be here by 2:30, but then, maybe not.	tom	两点半可能会到
What languages do you speak?	你会说什么语言
Can I come to your place?	我能去你那吗
We go fishing from time to time.	我们时不时地去钓鱼
I can sing well.	我唱歌很好听
I visit him every other day.	我每隔一天拜访他
The room is fully furnished.	房间里家具齐全
Just pull the door shut. It'll lock by itself.	只要推门就好了
Tom wants me to stay away from him.	Tom	要我离他远一点
Please show me those pictures.	请让我看看那些图片
She studies mathematics.	她学习数学
We went to school together.	我们曾一起上学的
I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the monkey.	我不是在跟你说话
Stay with us.	和我们留在一起吧
I'm still a beginner.	我还是个新手
Could you cook this meat a little more?	你能多烧一点这个肉吗
Why did we fail?	我们为甚么失败了
Tom doesn't know why Mary left.	汤姆不知道为什么玛丽走了
We suspected him of lying.	我们怀疑他说谎了
Are you going to use this?	你要用这东西吗
Tom joined the discussion.	汤姆参加了讨论
I'm not a doctor.	我不是医生
I can do without his help.	没有他的帮助我也能做
He was playing the piano and she was singing.	他弹钢琴
Tom is sick.	汤姆生病了
He cured my illness.	他把我的病给医好了
She made a mess of the work.	她把工作弄得一团糟
I have diabetes.	我有糖尿病
His death was a great loss to our firm.	他的死对我们公司是一个巨大的损失
Please write down what he says.	请把他所说的记录下来
Everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time.	房间里的所有人都同时看了看自己的手表
They're both artists.	他们都是艺术家
I haven't watched that video yet.	我还没看过那段视频
If you can't come, you should let me know ahead of time.	如果你不能来
He sometimes watches TV.	他有时看电视
He had the right idea.	他的想法是对的
It'll soon be time for dinner.	不久就要吃正餐了
I hope I see it again.	我希望再次见到它
They won't come until tomorrow.	他们明天才会来
Do you understand what I'm saying?	你明白我的意思吗
I'm not afraid of death.	我不怕死
My father is out.	我父亲外出了
Tom decided to stay with Mary.	汤姆决定陪玛丽在一起
Who are the two women over there?	那边的两位女士是谁
Mary is the youngest of the three sisters.	玛丽是三姐妹中的老幺
I stayed up all night again.	我又熬夜了
Your hair is pretty.	你的头发很漂亮
That wasn't the main reason that Tom needed to do that.	这不是汤姆要做那件事的主要原因
Will you please show me the way?	请您给我指一指路好吗
Does Tom still like jazz?	汤姆还喜欢爵士乐吗
He made no mention of her request.	他没有提到她的请求
This book is hard for me to read.	这本书对我来说很难读
Come and see me at eleven o'clock.	十一点钟来看我
What are you hinting at?	您在暗示什么
How much does this pen cost?	这支笔多少钱
Put on some clothes.	你穿点东西
He hates air travel.	他讨厌坐飞机旅行
I'm glad to see you again.	很高兴再次见到你
I don't think Tom understands what's going on.	我不认为汤姆知道正在发生甚么
We'll have to wait and see.	你得等一等看
Would you mind saying that once more?	你可以再说一次吗
You look very pale.	你看上去很苍白
I'm going to buy a new car.	我要买辆新车
I do not know how to use it.	我不知道如何使用它
I listened to some CDs last night.	我昨晚了听一些唱片光碟
The number of cars is on the increase.	汽车的数量在增长
Come on, trust me.	来吧
One of your tires is flat.	你的轮胎爆了一个
My neck still hurts.	我的脖子还疼
I gave her her dictionary back.	我把她的字典还给了她
I want to go home.	我要回家
It was rather easy for them.	这是对他们来说相当容易
We all consider your idea to be impractical.	我们都认为您的想法是行不通的
There are no hats in that store that fit me.	那个店里没有合我尺寸的帽子
I hate you.	我恨你
We will make the payment by bank transfer.	我们会用银行转帐付款
You said you'd help me.	你说过你会帮我的
They arrived late because of the storm.	因为风暴
Do you smoke?	您吸烟吗
I'm dead tired.	我累死了
This book is easy to read.	这本书很易读
The clock stopped.	钟停了
I asked her to wait a moment.	我请她等一会儿
Shut the door.	请关门
Do you have anything to say?	你有任何话要说吗
I have chapped lips.	我的嘴裂开了
We're both reasonable people.	我们是两个通情达理的人
You like classical music, don't you?	你喜欢古典音乐
They had a lovely time together.	他们在一起很愉快
How about a sandwich?	三明治怎么样
All you have to do is to take care of yourself.	你要做的只是照顾好你自己
She used to visit me regularly.	她以前定期来看我
There's bamboo growing in the garden.	花园里有竹子在生长
I need some good advice.	我需要一些好的忠告
I'll go to the library with you tomorrow.	我明天要跟你去图书馆
Tom seems to hardly ever get his homework done on time.	Tom	似乎没办法准时完成他的作业
That river is long.	那条河流很长
She also likes chocolate.	她也喜欢巧克力
This is not a sentence.	这不是一个句子
The prisoner was given his freedom.	囚犯重获自由
I'm going to change my clothes.	我要去换衣服
It turned out that the rumor was false.	谣言最后被证明是假的
He teaches English to his friend.	他对他的朋友教英语
We really appreciate their effort.	我们真的感激他们的努力
I'm fed up with this.	这我受够了
I was ill yesterday.	我昨天生病了
I'd like to invite you to the party.	我想请你参加派对
Tom had to remind Mary to feed the dog.	汤姆必须提醒玛丽喂狗
I washed my hands.	我洗手了
The car got stuck in the mud.	这辆车陷在泥里了
A stitch in time saves nine.	小洞及时补
I know that you're richer than me.	我知道你比我有钱
Winter is my favorite season.	冬天是我最喜欢的季节
A face with too much make up looks strange.	化妆太浓的话脸会看着很奇怪
The man must work.	男人应该工作
Didn't you write a letter to him?	你没写信给他吗
I hope you'll get well soon.	我希望你很快就会好
We have no reason to feel ashamed.	我们没理由害臊
There was no one in the room besides Tom and Mary.	除了汤姆和玛丽
I had to stay at home.	我得留在家里
He clipped the sheep.	他为羊只修剪羊毛
I'll find you a good doctor.	我会帮你找个好医生
All of a sudden, it began raining.	突然开始下雨
How do you pronounce your last name?	你的姓怎么读
Playing tennis is fun.	打网球很有趣
It's windy today.	今天有风
The two nations have strong trade ties.	这两个国家有强大的贸易关系
Tom wanted to punish me.	汤姆要惩罚我
We gladly accept your offer.	我们很高兴接受你的提议
The archer killed the deer.	射手打死了鹿
Rabbits have long ears and short tails.	兔子有长耳朵和短尾巴
I don't think I can help you very much.	我看我帮不上你很多忙
You don't know how worried I am.	你不知道我有多担心啊
I knew what Tom was doing.	我知道汤姆在做什么
I'm going to study harder.	我决定更努力读书
What did you hear?	您听到什么了
He kissed his daughter on the forehead.	他亲了亲他女儿的额头
Are you a college student?	你是大学生吗
I've always been proud of you.	我一直为您骄傲
You should've kept it secret.	你应该保密的
They deserve it.	这是他们应得的
You could count to ten when you were two.	在你两岁时
I bought a camera two days ago.	两天前我买了一台照相机
He somewhat resembles his father.	他有点像他的父亲
There is a computer on the table.	桌子上有一台电脑
Could you help me?	您能帮我吗
You should be able to manage it.	你应该能解决
Tomorrow's going to be a big day.	明天是个大日子
Who's on duty today?	今天谁值班
The map is on the wall.	地图挂在墙上
She plays the piano very well.	她钢琴弹得很好
The boy is playing with his toy soldiers.	男孩在玩玩具兵
That patient may die at any time.	病人随时会死
I admire him for his courage.	我佩服他的勇气
When is your bedtime?	你什么时候睡觉
We just wanted to win.	我们只想赢
I went there because I wanted to.	我去了那里
I was hoping Tom would come here today.	我希望汤姆有一天会来这里
Somebody's in here.	这里有人
What are you going to do tomorrow?	你明天要做什么
Take off your socks.	把你的袜子脱了
Both French and English are spoken in Canada.	在加拿大的人说法语和英语
We need more.	我们需要更多
I would rather stay at home than go out.	比起出门
I don't trust him any more.	我不再相信他了
I hope it'll be fine tomorrow.	我希望明天将是美好的
I have a bit of bad news.	我有个坏消息
You must make up for the loss.	您必须弥补损失
I don't get it.	我不懂
They must have made a mistake.	他们一定是犯错了
What was it we were talking about?	我们那个时候讨论的是什么
You gain more than you spend when you go to college.	上大学的时候
I've never considered doing that.	我从没想过去做那事
He was wet all over.	他从头到脚都湿了
She liked him right off.	她立刻喜欢上他了
Why wasn't Tom arrested?	为甚么汤姆没被捕
I was thinking that as well.	我也是这么想的
I got acquainted with her in France.	我在法国认识了她
I know this area pretty well.	我很了解这地方
The students performed Hamlet.	学生们表演哈姆雷特
He heard a shout.	他听到了叫声
Who told you the story?	谁告诉你这个故事
I think you should leave as soon as you can.	我觉得你应该赶紧走
Is anybody in there?	那边有人吗
Please knock on the door.	请敲门
This instrument needs to be calibrated.	该仪器需要校准
She had already gone to bed when I phoned her at 11:00 p.m.	23	点我打电话给她的时候
You don't have to kick yourself.	你不要自甘堕落
This is a very interesting book.	这是一本非常有趣的书
The couple is walking hand in hand.	这对夫妻手牵手走路
Who did you talk with?	你和谁说话呢
My wife is a doctor.	我的老婆是医生
Which book are you reading?	你在读哪本书
The prize won't be given to her.	奖项是不会授给她的
I believed you.	我相信了你
You and Tom must be happy.	你和汤姆一定很高兴
I'm going to miss Tom so much.	我会很想汤姆
I had a good dream last night.	昨晚
This gives me renewed hopes.	这给了我新的希望
Only a fool would do something like that.	傻瓜才会那么干
I'll show you around town.	我会带你逛逛这个镇
That bag is mine.	那个包是我的
Will you go by train?	你坐火车去吗
You are taller than she is.	你们比她高
Tom is the one I want.	汤姆是我要找的人
How high can you jump?	你能跳多高
I'm able to speak.	我能说
Tom was at school all day.	汤姆一整天都在学校
It is raining all the time.	雨下个不停
Help yourself to a piece of cake.	你自己拿蛋糕吃吧
Tom was a bit puzzled by Mary's answer.	汤姆对玛丽的回答有困惑
I think his opinion is very important.	我认为他的意见非常重要
There's no doubt about it.	关于此事毫无疑问
My opinion differs from yours.	我的想法和你的不一样
I should've gone home earlier.	我该早点回家
What are you punishing them for?	你为什么惩罚他们
They talked together like old friends.	他们像老朋友一样交谈
His decision to retire surprised all of us.	他要退休的决定让我们都感到吃惊
I want to take a bath.	我要洗澡
This novel is boring.	这本小说很无聊
I paid the bill.	我买了单
I was vaccinated against the flu.	我接种了流感疫苗
I guess that would be all right.	我猜那应该可以的
May I go to the restroom?	我可以去洗手间吗
How long do you plan on staying?	你准备待多久
Tom had numerous girlfriends.	Tom	有很多女友
I advise you to give up drinking.	我劝你戒酒
Are you through with your homework?	你把功课做完了吗
I can't believe anyone anymore.	我再也不相信任何人了
Did you murder Tom?	是你杀了汤姆吗
Come to my house this afternoon.	今天下午到我家来一趟
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.	初生之犊不畏虎
Tom isn't watching TV now.	汤姆现在没在电视
I'm too tired to walk any further.	我累得再也走不动了
Don't bug me.	别来烦我
This isn't the type that I like.	这不是我喜欢的类型
Your bicycle is better than mine.	你的脚踏车比我的好
We'll take part in the marathon.	我们将参加马拉松
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.	当我学习的时候不要打扰我
He always gets bullied at school.	他在学校老是被人欺负
I've been looking for my tripod.	我一直在找我的三脚架
I've heard you've been sick.	我听说你病了
I think we should change the topic.	我认为我们该换个题目
Hundreds of buffaloes moved toward the lake.	数以百计的水牛走向湖边
Who invited you guys?	谁邀请了你们
Put the book where you found it.	把书放在你找到的地方
Food shouldn't be wasted.	食物不该被浪费
She insulted him.	她侮辱了他
He always keeps his room clean.	他总是把他的房间保持干净
Tom is looking for a good job.	汤姆在找工作
Turn off the TV.	关闭电视机
He lives by himself in the woods.	他独自住在森林里
I saw him sawing a tree.	我看见他正在锯一棵树
I know.	我知道
I don't like studying in this heat.	我不喜欢在这么热的气温下念书
Open the box.	打开箱子
Those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who don't are uncivilized.	用叉子和筷子的人经常觉得不用叉子和筷子的人不文明
What's the weather forecast for tomorrow?	明天的天气预报怎么说
Why is my internet access so slow?	我的网怎么会这么慢
There's nothing you can do for Tom.	你无法为汤姆做甚么
This is the book you're looking for.	这是你要找的书
I can understand what she is saying.	我能了解她在说什么
I've been feeling a little restless.	我有点不安
He cut down a tree in his garden.	他砍了花园里的一棵树
Why didn't you bring your hat today?	为什么你今天没有把帽子带来
Why did you come here?	你为什么来这里
You seem to be a little under the weather.	你看上去不太好
She can swim as fast as her brother.	她能和她哥哥游得一样快
Would you mind lending me your pencil?	你介意借我你的笔吗
I put it in the drawer.	我把它放在抽屉里
Help yourself to anything you'd like to eat.	想吃什么就吃什么吧
Tom used to wear glasses.	汤姆以前戴眼镜
The thief got in without being noticed.	小偷在没有被发现的情况下进去了
The storm had a serious effect on the economy.	这场暴风雪已经对经济造成了很严重的影响
Do you study English?	您学英语吗
Tom isn't stupid.	汤姆不傻
Could you help me find my dog?	你能帮我找到我的狗吗
Watching TV is a passive activity.	看电视是一种被动的活动
She stooped to pick up a pebble.	她捡起了一块鹅卵石
It's not funny.	这不好笑
I was offended by his behavior.	他的行为冒犯了我
He didn't study at all.	他根本就没有学习
A young girl on crutches asked Tom where he lived.	一个拄着拐杖的年轻女孩问汤姆他住在哪里
Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.	玛丽哭着从学校跑回了家里
Dad bought me a camera.	爸爸给我买了一个照相机
The moon landing was a monumental achievement.	登月是一项里程碑式的成就
Which one will he choose?	他会选哪个
We had a rest in the shade.	我们在树荫下休息
There are no people who don't desire peace.	没人不渴望和平
I work in Boston now.	我现在在波士顿工作
How about you?	你们呢
Smoking is harmful to your health.	吸烟有害健康
Anybody can make a mistake.	谁都会犯错
Are you sure Tom will come back?	你确定汤姆会回来吗
Tom and Mary spoke on the phone.	汤姆和玛丽在电话里交流
Auckland is a city in New Zealand.	奥克兰是一座新西兰的城市
This house is really beautiful.	这房子真漂亮
I'm starting to miss my girlfriend.	我开始想我女朋友了
She's two years older than you.	她比你大两岁
May I go to the toilet?	我可以去厕所吗
You need to go.	你们得走了
I feel a lot better today.	我今天感觉好多了
Tom wasn't finished yet.	汤姆还没完成
You sound like a politician.	你说话像个当官的
He's afraid of dogs.	他怕狗
Please wait until I come back.	请等到我回来
This fish isn't edible.	这条鱼不能吃了
She may come.	她也许来
I'm surprised that your family has a Japanese car.	我很惊讶
This isn't for you.	这不是给你的
He does nothing but complain from morning till night.	他从早到晚只是在抱怨
This little baby tore up a 10 dollar bill.	这个小婴孩撕掉了一张十美元的钞票
In my opinion, she is correct.	在我看来
I must repay the debt.	我必须偿还债务
There's a cat under the table.	桌子下面有一只猫
How did you get there?	你怎么到那的
His wife is quite a talented woman.	他妻子是个才女
Pale ale is a low-alcohol beer.	淡啤酒是一种酒精含量低的啤酒
He has a good command of English.	他有很好的英语能力
The children went out to play.	孩子们出去玩了
Tom has been uncooperative.	汤姆不合作
Tom didn't buy a new car yesterday, did he?	汤姆昨天没有买新车吧
Do you eat out often?	你常常外食吗
You can't park here.	这里不能停车
I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.	我觉得一部电影比任何书都有趣
Tom hasn't yet told us what he wants us to buy.	汤姆还没对我们说他希望我们买什么呢
My house is old and ugly.	我的房子又旧又难看
I don't really think Tom needs to do that.	我真的不认为汤姆有必要那么做
The ceremony will take place tomorrow.	明天举行典礼
You know that's your duty.	你知道那是你的责任
They settled in Canada.	他们在加拿大安家落户
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想挂科
Her dream is to visit Paris.	她的梦想是参观巴黎
He lost his balance and fell off his bicycle.	他失去了平衡
You should go and brush your teeth.	你该去洗牙了
Let's go indoors.	我们进屋吧
We take health for granted until illness intervenes.	我们视健康为理所当然
I'm coming.	我来啦
What is love?	爱是什么
I'm almost finished reading this book.	我就要读完这本书了
Don't tell anyone our plan.	不要把我们的计划告诉任何人
You will fail.	你会失败
Stop joking around.	别开玩笑了
This guitar is so expensive that I can't buy it.	这吉他太贵了
Do you get it?	懂么
I just heard something.	我只是听到了一些消息
When do you usually get off work?	你一般几点下班
He might not be happy.	他可能会不高兴
I kept singing.	我继续唱歌
I got her to clean my room.	我让她把我的房间弄干净
There used to be a bridge here.	以前这里有一座桥
Slavery is a crime against humanity.	奴役制是一种危害人类罪
This is surprising.	这是令人吃惊的
Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is?	你能把最近的公车站指给我看吗
Can I catch a taxi near here?	我能在这附近打车吗
We study music.	我们学习音乐
We have to do our best.	我们要尽力而为
I can read Spanish easily.	我能很轻松地读西班牙文
Has something good happened?	发生了什么好事吗
Who's your favorite actor?	你最喜欢的演员是谁
You seem to know everything.	你看起来什么都知道
Where should we go?	我们应该去哪里
That's because you're a girl.	那是因为妳是女生
Give us two knives and four forks, please.	请给我们两把刀和四把叉
He made remarkable progress in English.	他的英语有了显著的进步
I don't like reading at all.	我一点都不喜欢阅读
My father helped me with my homework.	我爸爸帮我做作业
Who were you speaking with?	你和谁说话呢
Send us a telegram when you arrive.	当你到的时候发一份电报给我们
My uncle runs a hotel.	我叔叔开旅馆
I want to show you something in my office.	我想给你看看我办公室里的一些东西
I don't doubt it.	我没有疑问
The train has already gone.	列车已经出发
Do you want to eat something else?	你想吃点别的吗
We weren't able to find Tom.	我们找不到汤姆
I'm Tom's dad.	我是汤姆的爸爸
A rock fell from above.	一块岩石从上面落下
I don't like going to school.	我不喜欢上学
No one noticed her absence until the meeting ended.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
Please show me what to do next.	请让我看看下一步该做什么
She is a very good teacher.	她是个非常好的老师
Who's your favorite character in this book?	你最喜欢这本书中的哪个角色
Tom apologized to Mary for his rudeness.	汤姆为他的粗鲁向玛丽道歉
I'll let you know when I've figured it out.	我搞明白了会告诉你
I found this book interesting.	我觉得这本书很有意思
He finally found out how to make it.	他终于弄清楚怎么搞定这事了
I want a dog.	我想要一只狗
What was it for?	那是为了什么
I almost forgot all about that.	我几乎忘了所有关于那件事
I got the roller skates for nothing.	我免费得到溜冰鞋
You must choose.	你必须做出选择
Tom said that he didn't think you should do that.	汤姆说他不认为你应该那么做
She is extremely vulgar in her speech.	她讲话非常俗气
He was mad because he was not invited.	他因为没有被邀请而气得快疯了
Aren't you looking for work?	你还在找工作吗
His story sounds true.	他的故事听起来是真的
I hung my hat on the peg.	我把我的帽子挂在挂钩上
Tom teaches me French twice a week.	汤姆每周两次教我法语
A good craftsman takes pride in his work.	好的工匠为自己的作品感到骄傲
What does your aunt do?	你姑姑是做什么的
Don't put books on the table.	不要把书放在那张桌子上
Let me go alone.	让我一个人去
She forced him to eat spinach.	她强迫他吃菠菜
How many students are there in your school?	你们学校有多少学生
Wait for a bit in the car.	在车里等一下
I live on the outskirts of Tokyo.	我住在东京郊区
Tom often reads when his children aren't at home.	汤姆经常在孩子们不在家时阅读
Get down on the floor!	趴在地上
I made her angry.	我让她生气
When did the movie start?	电影什么时候开始
She said she had been happy.	她说她以前很快乐
Let's begin with this problem.	从这个问题开始吧
Tom said he wanted to eat Chinese food.	汤姆说他想吃中国菜
Did you understand what he said?	你听懂他说的了吗
When can we eat, I wonder.	我不知道我们什么时候可以吃
Would you like some more gravy?	你想再来些酱汁吗
I have more books than I can read.	我拥有的书比我能读的书多
Tom admitted he had killed Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
This is the book that you're looking for.	这是你要找的书
She made a serious mistake.	她犯了一个严重的错误
Does she know your phone number?	她知道你的电话号码
Make a list.	列一个列表
I have nothing to do with this matter.	我跟这件事无关
What are you doing?	你做什么
Do you want to eat noodles or rice?	你要吃面条还是吃米饭
I really shouldn't stay any longer.	我真的不应该再呆下去了
It's impossible to go out now.	现在不可能出去
The bridge is being repaired.	桥处于修理中
Calm down.	冷静点
Tom is good, but not good enough.	汤姆好
You're Tom's friend, aren't you?	你是汤姆的朋友
She's only interested in fish and cockroaches.	她只对鱼和蟑螂感兴趣
Weather permitting, we will leave in an hour.	如果天气允许的话
I'm very busy today.	我今天很忙
I'm the one who's sick.	我就是那个生病的人
Islam first reached China about the middle of the 7th century.	伊斯兰教大约在七世纪中传到中国
Will you go on foot or by bus?	你要用走的还是搭公车
She made him a new coat.	她为他做了件新大衣
Tom hasn't lost his confidence.	汤姆还没有失去信心
You have plenty of time.	你有足够的时间
Tell me how you solved the problem.	告诉我你如何解决了这个问题
Tom is interested in mathematics.	汤姆是对数学感兴趣
What's this smell?	这是什么气味
My sister saw it with her own eyes.	我妹妹亲眼看到它了
English is studied all over the world.	世界各地都读英语
The cat meowed.	猫叫了叫
Tom has failed.	汤姆失败了
This diamond is not real.	这颗钻石不是真的
To make matters worse, it began snowing.	更糟糕的是开始下雪了
Man is the only animal that can speak.	人是唯一会说话的动物
You're working hard.	你工作努力
Can I open the window?	可以开窗吗
Don't tell anybody.	别跟任何人说哟
Are you a teacher?	你是不是老师
I seem to have a fever.	我好像发烧了
I promise I'll do it.	我保证我会做的
Everyone admired his courage.	每个人都佩服他的勇气
I will never see him again.	我永远不会再看到他
We suggest raising the fees.	我们建议提高收费
It was very far.	它很远
Tom returned to his hometown to visit his parents during the summer break.	汤姆在夏休回乡看望父母
Tom did the best he could, but he wasn't able to get a higher grade than Mary.	汤姆尽了全力
You can't be a blood donor.	你不能成为献血者
Are you busy now?	现在您忙吗
My father has a restaurant.	我父亲有家餐馆
Tom died in an accident.	汤姆在一场意外中丧生
Christmas is just around the corner.	圣诞节快到了
My horse is white.	我的马是白色的
It was amazingly easy.	这出乎意料地容易
How long will you be staying?	你会待多长时间
I was puzzled about what to do next.	我对以后做什么很迷茫
Since I had met him once before, I recognized him right away.	由于我以前见过他一次
California and Nevada border on each other.	加利福尼亚州和内华达州相互接界
By the time Tom got home, we were already eating dinner.	汤姆回家时我们已经在吃晚饭了
I can't shut it down.	我不能关掉它
What's your impression of the United States?	你对美国印象如何
I was very impressed by his story.	我被他的故事感染了
Japan is not rich in natural resources.	日本并不拥有丰富的自然资源
Shouldn't someone be helping Tom?	难道不该有人帮汤姆吗
What're you planning to do?	你打算做什么
Is there a zoo in the park?	公园里有动物园吗
I've already lived most of my life.	我已经活了大半辈子了
If only I could speak English!	我要是会说英语就好了
I can't find my suitcase.	我找不到我的手提箱
He paid 1,000 yen for this book.	他花了
Bring me a glass of water.	给我一杯水
As he spoke, pictures came into my mind.	他说的时候
What do you call this bird in English?	这鸟你们用英语怎么称呼
Tom's parachute didn't open.	汤姆的降落伞没有打开
I admit I'm wrong.	我承认我错了
I love you, too.	我也爱你
Who told you about this?	这件事是谁告诉你的
I'm looking forward to seeing you next week.	我期盼著下周见到你
I want a hug.	我想要个抱抱
I'm going to study French.	我要学法语
Has something happened?	发生了什么事吗
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car I want.	我认为我现在有足够的钱买我想要的那辆车
Come whenever you want to.	什么时候想来就过来吧
Don't you agree?	您不同意吗
I will never force you to marry him.	我永远不会逼你跟他结婚
Did Tom send you?	汤姆派了你们来吗
They are jealous of our success.	他们嫉妒我们的成功
Please tell me what I should do.	请告诉我应该做什么
What time shall I pick you up?	我该几点去接你
The flash wasn't working, so he couldn't take a picture in the dark.	因为闪光灯坏了
I'm almost sure of it.	我几乎能确定
This isn't a good idea.	这不是好主意
I can't hear you.	我听不到你的声音
What do you want to tell me?	你想对我说什么
He's the boy we spoke about the other day.	他是前几天我们谈到的那个男孩
We didn't need to hurry.	我们没必要急
He has some money in the bank.	他银行里有点钱
Who's the woman in the brown coat?	那个穿棕色大衣的女人是谁
Please bring us two cups of coffee.	请给我们来两杯咖啡
Singing is her strong point.	唱歌是她的强项
You can't keep a secret.	你不能有秘密
They blamed Tom for causing the accident.	他们指责汤姆造成了事故
She took me for my brother.	她把我认作我弟弟了
My mother plays the piano well.	我的母亲钢琴弹得很好
There is a cup on the table.	桌上有个杯子
It's just a cold.	只是感冒而已
The apples Tom sent me were delicious.	汤姆送我的苹果好好吃
She was on the point of leaving.	她正要出去
I couldn't fall asleep.	我无法入睡
I'm still young.	我还年轻
We should tell children how to protect themselves.	我们应该告诉孩子怎么保护自己
I was just about to leave.	我就要离开了
You ought not to have disclosed the secret.	你本不该透露秘密的
What did you buy?	你买了什么
She always smiles at me.	她总是对我微笑
Let's take it easy.	让我们放轻松吧
Be calm.	冷静点
She can speak English, of course.	她会讲英语
You ought to be more careful.	你应该要更小心
Shouting at your computer will not help.	对你的电脑吼一点帮助也没有
By the way, have you seen him lately?	顺便说一句
You're being treated unfairly.	你被不公平地对待
Tom had a pain in his chest, so he went to the hospital.	汤姆胸痛
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.	获人赠马
I want to believe in Tom.	我要相信汤姆
I took off my wig.	我摘下了假发
How many pictures did you buy?	你买了多少张照片
He was very friendly to everybody.	他对每个人都非常友善
I dislike being alone.	我不喜欢独处
Europe has a smaller population than Asia.	欧洲的人口比亚洲少
I had a dream about him.	我梦到了他
I need an assistant who speaks French.	我需要一个会说法语的助理
You won't be punished.	您不会受罚
I really like puppies.	我非常喜欢小狗
Haven't you noticed?	你没注意到吗
We will only consent on that condition.	我们只会在那样的条件下同意
How deep is the hole?	这个洞多深
"Will he pass the examination?" "I am afraid not."	"	他会通过考试吗
The snow will melt when the sun comes out.	太阳一出来
It was an uphill struggle.	这是个很艰难的斗争
Let's eat now. I'm dying of hunger.	咱们吃吧
Let's not discuss the matter today.	今天让我们不要讨论这件事
I'm going to the bank.	我要去银行了
His new car is wonderful.	他的新车很棒
I watched it on YouTube.	我在油管上看它
Tom is a very good tennis player.	汤姆是一个非常好的网球选手
"How are you?" "I'm fine, thank you."	“	你怎么样
Tom says he needs a nap.	汤姆说他需要午睡
He has all but finished the work.	他几乎已经完成这个工作了
How long does it take to go from here to the Hilton Hotel?	从这里到希尔顿饭店要花多久时间
Publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday.	文章的发表被预定在教授生日那天
Tom is working hard.	汤姆在努力工作
I hope to see you.	我希望能见到你
Draw a circle.	画一个圈
Hurry. Please lend me a hand.	快点
She is dieting.	她在节食中
There's no more salt.	没盐了
If you stay at a big hotel, you can use their swimming pool.	若你住到的是大的旅馆
I'd like orange juice.	我想要橙汁
I don't want something bad to happen to us.	我可不想要坏事发生在我们身上
It would be ridiculous to spend all their money.	花光他们所有的钱会很荒谬
I'm all for it.	我百分之百赞成
My nephew is allergic to eggs.	我侄子对鸡蛋过敏
I'm going to the park.	我去公园
They accused me of having broken my promise.	他们指责我没有信守诺言
Why should we help?	为什么我们应该要帮助
I want to buy a few pairs of sunglasses.	我想买几副墨镜
He isn't going to buy a camera.	他不打算买一个摄像机
Leave no stone unturned.	把这里翻个底朝天
Are there any larger carrots?	还有更大的胡萝卜吗
When are you going to quit smoking?	你何时要戒烟
We woke up very early in order to see the sunrise.	我们起得很早为了看到日出
Tom didn't tell me much about it.	汤姆没跟我说太多关于它的事
Where's the cafeteria?	自助餐厅在哪里
I know that you don't want to be lonely.	我知道你不想一个人呆著
I work even on Sunday.	我甚至在周日工作
You'd better not have driven my car.	你最好不要开了我的车
Tom has recently become forgetful.	Tom	最近变得健忘了
Do you remember where we first met?	你还记得我们第一次见面是在哪里吗
I can't follow Tom's logic.	我跟不上汤姆的逻辑
She is very pretty.	她很可爱
My sister got married in her teens.	我妹妹在她十几岁时就结婚
Did you make any New Year's resolutions?	你有没有许下什么新年愿望
She tore the letter into pieces.	她把信成碎片
I've always distrusted Tom.	我一直不信任汤姆
A leaf is falling.	一片叶子正在掉下来
Our chef is very busy today.	我们的厨师今天很忙
His brother is a famous soccer player.	他弟弟是个有名的足球选手
I'm sorry for the delay in responding.	我很抱歉这么迟才回复
I'll visit him tomorrow.	明天我将拜访他
I've decided to shave my head.	我已经决定把我的头发剃了
Tom did it the same way I did.	汤姆按我做的办法做了
Compared with yours, my car is small.	和你的车比起来
You told her that you had finished the work three days before.	你告诉她你已经在三天前完成这个工作了
Hurry up, or you'll miss the train.	快点
Tom likes to knit.	汤姆喜欢编织
I'm so tired!	我好累啊
I'll be taking a vacation next month.	我下个月要休假
It is easy to read this book.	读这本书很容易
I saw a woman in black.	我看到了一个穿黑衣服的女人
That's soft.	这很软
He came to my rescue.	他拯救了我
We've got another problem.	我们又遇上问题了
I bought the book for myself, not for my wife.	我给我自己买了书
The news confirmed my suspicions.	这一消息证实了我的怀疑
Money does not grow on trees.	钱不会从树上长出来
He is good at driving.	他擅长驾驶
Put the box down.	把箱子放下
It's so hard.	太难了
She made a new suit for him.	她做了一套新衣服给他
The kitten wanted in.	小猫想进来
Tom says he didn't know what to do.	汤姆说他不知道要做什么
I'm new at this kind of work.	我在这种工作上是新人
All the flowers in the garden withered.	所有花园里的花朵都枯萎了
Tom took a step backward.	汤姆后退一步
What has happened to him?	他发生了什么事
I am at home.	我在家
He has a nice income.	他收入可观
The lake is deepest at this point.	这是湖的最深处
I didn't tell anyone what you did.	我没有告诉任何人你做了什么
There is no cause for worry.	这没什么好担心的
Ask Tom if you have any doubt.	你如果有疑问
Don't leave the room.	别离开房间
Write everything down.	把所有东西写下来
Please write back soon.	请快点回信
I'm sick of English.	我厌倦了英语
Where is the lost and found?	失物招领处在哪儿
They are discussing the problem.	他们正在讨论这个问题
This river is three times longer than that one.	这条河比那条长三倍
Come and see me at eleven o'clock.	您十一点时来看我吧
Tom was already at work.	汤姆已经在上班了
Do you really want to move to Boston?	你真想搬去波士顿
I saw a cat running after the dog.	我见一只猫追着狗跑
I see that dog almost every day.	我几乎每天都见到那条狗
He always wanted to study Japanese.	他一直想学日语
Those are my trousers.	那些都是我的裤子
Tom doesn't think this is a coincidence.	汤姆不认为这是一个巧合
I do not know for certain when he will come.	我不确定他什么时候来
I overslept.	我睡过头了
I haven't been getting enough sleep lately.	我最近一直睡眠不足
It is difficult to understand this novel.	这部小说很难读懂
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be intoxicated.	汤姆告诉玛丽她应该停止假装醉酒
I've been working for this newspaper for four years.	我为这家报社工作四年了
The teacher lined the children up in order of height.	老师按照身高给孩子们排队
They all have come.	他们全都来了
She got very angry with her children.	她对她的孩子非常生气
I seem to be unlucky today.	我今天看来很幸运
It's very hot here in the summer.	这里夏天非常炎热
I needed to speak to you about something.	我需要跟你说点事
Did you push the button?	你按了按钮吗
It's very hot today.	今天很热
Don't step in the mud.	别走进泥地
Why should I thank Tom?	我为甚么该感谢汤姆
How many cats do you have?	您有几只猫
She found her purse under the desk.	她发现她的钱包在桌子底下
What did you want to tell me?	您想告诉我什么
Is there a hospital near here?	这附近有医院吗
Is there a zoo in Boston?	波士顿有动物园吗
This book is really interesting.	这本书真的很有趣
My car is at your disposal.	你可以随便用我的车
I slept just two hours.	我只睡了两小时
To have doubts about oneself is the first sign of intelligence.	自我怀疑是聪明的第一标志
Tom started running towards the house.	汤姆开始向房子跑去
Children need a lot of sleep.	孩子们需要大量的睡眠
How many things did you buy?	你买了多少东西
I am waiting for the store to open.	我正等著这家店开门
You win.	算你狠
That isn't wine. It's grape juice.	这不是葡萄酒
I don't like this one.	我不喜欢这个
The report is utterly false.	这份报告完全错误
Tom was the last one to get in the van.	汤姆是最后一个上面包车的
I always feel blue on Mondays.	我每个星期一都觉得很忧郁
This is difficult.	这很难
I want to be a computer programmer.	我想做一个程序员
There's no chance of rain today.	今天没有任何下雨的可能性
Mother made a doll for me.	妈妈给我做了一个洋娃娃
My mother made a sweater for me.	我妈妈为我做了一件毛衣
I wish to see my father.	我希望看看我的父亲
They're self-sufficient.	他们自给自足
I just wish we could leave this horrible place.	我只是希望我们能离开这个可怕的地方
The radio is too loud. Can't you turn it down a little?	收音机太响了
I brought up two kids all on my own.	我一个人把两个小孩扶养长大
Wait here till he comes back.	在这儿等到他回来为止
Isn't that mine?	那是我的吗
I don't want to eat.	我不想吃
I sort of understand.	我大概懂了
He is likely to be late for school.	他上学很可能会迟到
We're having dinner.	我们在吃晚餐
This is the town where he was born.	这是他出生的城市
I'm watching TV now.	我正在看电视
You should've stayed in the car.	你该留在车里
You were treated unfairly.	你被不公平地对待
The boy made fun of the girl.	这个男孩取笑了这个女孩
Selling cars is my job.	卖车是我的工作
If you're tired, go to bed.	你若累了
Don't worry. You'll make it.	不要担心
I trust him.	我信赖他
I found some money in the park.	我在公园里找到了些钱
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?	您今天下午想不想去动物园
I often went fishing with him.	我经常和他去钓鱼
Wash your feet.	洗你的脚
Tom got ripped off.	汤姆被宰了
They made the novel into a drama.	他们把这本小说变成戏剧
We talked over the phone.	我们电话里说
Here is my baggage.	这是我的行李
I can't do any more than this.	我无法做比这更多的了
I'm going to check out at eight.	我会在八点钟的时候登出
There isn't any film in this camera.	这个相机里没有胶片
I am at home.	我在家里
So, what happened this time?	那么
I have just been to the post office.	我刚刚去了邮局
I'm drinking milk.	我在喝牛奶
Does love exist?	爱存在吗
We must finish everything before Tuesday morning.	我们必须在周二早上之前完成所有事情
Can I borrow your digital camera tonight?	我今晚能借你的数码相机吗
The recent coffee shortage brought about many problems.	最近的咖啡短缺带来了许多问题
She went to Italy to study music.	她去了意大利学习音乐
Tom is building a house.	汤姆在盖房子
How did Tom know?	汤姆怎么知道
Which cup is yours?	哪个杯子是你的
He painted the door over white.	他把门漆成了白色
Tom has always been very nice to me.	汤姆对我一直很好
"Thanks, guys." "Don't mention it."	“	谢谢你们
Tom is stingy.	汤姆很小气
You have to wait in line.	您必须排队
I don't know where my crutches are. Have you seen them?	我不知道把拐杖放哪去了
He caught a cold.	他感冒了
Flying kites can be dangerous.	放风筝可以是危险的
Quite a few Americans like sushi.	不少的美国人喜欢寿司
You should try to learn a little French.	你应该试试学点法语
I usually walk to school.	我通常走去学校
If that man makes one more mistake, I'll fire him.	如果那个男人再犯一个错误
I was quite thirsty and wanted to drink something cool.	我很渴
Sorry, that was none of my business.	对不起
He is a diplomat at the American Embassy.	他是美国大使馆的外交官
I got this bicycle for free.	我免费得到了这辆自行车
The weatherman says there is a storm on the way.	气象学家说会有暴风雨
Tom is wearing the same clothes he was wearing yesterday.	汤姆穿着昨天穿的衣服
What does the earth look like from space?	从太空中看
He took a quick look at the magazine.	他迅速瞥了一眼杂志
What are the chances of that happening?	发生这种情况的几率多大
People live only about 70 years.	一个人只能活七十岁左右
Will you lend me your dictionary?	把你的字典借给我好吗
How many tickets do you have left?	你还剩下几张票
Let's go to the beach.	让我们去海边吧
I didn't want to come here.	我不想来这里
Do you share a room?	你共住一个房间吗
Hurry, and you will catch the train.	快一点
Which fruit do you like the best?	你最喜爱的水果是什么
Whose turn is it?	轮到谁了
That's really a great idea.	真是个好主意
Did Tom use to be a teacher?	汤姆以前是教师吗
I have to repair the refrigerator.	我要修冰箱
Are you going to sing?	你要唱歌吗
Are you students?	你们是学生吗
I'm incredibly tired.	我累死了
Everybody wanted to eat.	每个人都想吃
This table is made of wood.	这张桌子是木制的
The house was ablaze.	房子被火吞噬了
Can Tom help us?	汤姆可以帮我们吗
It is said that his father died in a foreign country.	据说他爸爸在外国去世了
I will come with you.	我会和你一起去
What are you laughing at?	在笑什么呢
A lot of soldiers were killed here.	许多士兵在这里阵亡
Never forget to put out the fire.	永远不要忘记关火
The students are currently on holiday.	现在学生在放假
Some people believe in ghosts.	有些人相信鬼
What is your opinion on this matter?	关于那个你有什么看法
Her father passed away last week.	她的父亲上周去世了
I hope the economy picks up soon.	我希望经济很快复苏起来
It's delicious.	很美味
Don't talk about it in my mother's presence.	我妈在的时候别讨论这件事
Who discovered radium?	谁发现了镭
What's the tallest mountain in Europe?	请问在欧洲最高的山是哪儿呢
True love never grows old.	真爱不会变老
I didn't hear it.	我没听见
These questions are easy to answer.	这些问题太容易回答了
What did you do yesterday evening?	你昨天晚上做了什么
I didn't expect to be here either.	我也没想到我会在这里
Would you like anything to eat?	您想吃点什么吗
He often plays guitar.	他常常弹吉他
The phone rang.	电话正在响
Love your neighbors.	与邻居相亲相爱
I'd like some more bread, please.	我想再要些面包
How would you like your eggs?	请问鸡蛋要什么做法
Basho was the greatest poet.	Basho	是最伟大的诗人
It's on the sofa.	它在沙发上
You're so naive.	你太天真了
They closed their eyes.	他们闭上眼睛
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.	总体上说
Give a thief enough rope and he'll hang himself.	多行不义必自毙
I couldn't agree with you more.	我非常同意你
We'd like another bottle of wine.	我们想再来一瓶葡萄酒
We don't have any bread left.	我们没面包了
We took turns driving.	我们轮流驾驶
I wasn't aware that Tom was sick.	我还不知道汤姆生了病
It's getting warmer every day.	每天都在变暖
What do you say to dining out tonight?	我们今晚出去吃饭
There are four seasons in one year.	一年有四季
We're going to eat now.	我们现在就要吃饭
I got a video cassette recorder cheap at that shop.	我在那商店花低价买了录像机
Come what may, I won't change my opinion.	无论如何
We can't sit idly by.	我们不能光坐著
Could you tell me the Wi-Fi password?	能不能请你告诉我
"Thank you for helping me." "Don't mention it."	“	谢谢你的帮助
How could things get worse?	事情是怎么变糟的
He's been to the stadium.	他去过体育馆
All three of you are very lucky.	你们三个很走运
She made fun of her husband.	她取笑了她的丈夫
This is Mary's dog.	这是玛丽的狗
Do you know whose this is?	你知道这是谁的吗
Diplomats are allowed various privileges.	外交官有多种特权
I used to eat pizza, but now I don't.	我以前吃披萨
"Trust me," he said.	“	相信我
I'll treat you to sushi.	我会请你吃寿司
How can we save Tom?	我们怎样才可以救汤姆
It's a pleasure to have you with us again.	真高兴你又跟我们在一起了
A great warrior radiates strength. He doesn't have to fight to the death.	一名伟大的战士威力显著
Had I known about it, I would have told you.	如果我知道的话
Tom got out of the taxi.	汤姆从出租车上下来了
How often do you see him?	您多久见他一次
It was very hot this afternoon.	今天下午非常炎热
People show up bright on an infrared camera because of their body heat.	人会因为体温而在红外线摄影机上显现
Please come to my office in the afternoon.	下午请到我办公室来
You should come home before six.	你应该六点前回家
How do I sign up?	我怎样报名参加呢
You don't have to raise your voice.	您不需要提高音量
What does it cost?	这个几块
The school will provide tents for us.	学校会提供帐篷给我们
I've never seen that guy before.	我从没看过那个人
Our team won the game.	我们这队赢得了比赛
A thousand dollars is a large sum.	1000	美元是个大数目
The bell hasn't rung yet.	钟还没响
I can't find my ticket.	我找不到我的票
Manholes are round because that way they won't accidentally fall through the hole.	人孔是圆的
One of us has to go.	我们中的一个得走
You shouldn't have come alone.	你不该一个人来
You live in Boston now, don't you?	你住在波士顿
Tom said he didn't like air conditioning.	汤姆说他不喜欢空调
Is there a youth hostel near here?	附近有没有青年旅舍
You should've come and talked to me.	你应该来跟我说
That's not a cat. That's a dog.	那不是猫
We were on the train for ten hours.	我们在火车上十个小时
Her father made her tell him everything.	她的父亲要她告诉他一切
This is one of the best restaurants that I've ever eaten in.	这是我吃过的最好的餐馆之一
My son is brushing his teeth.	我儿子在刷牙
Nothing is missing.	什么也没少
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.	每一个人对事情的看法不同是依据他们是富有还是贫穷
Yesterday I played tennis for the first time.	昨天我第一次打了网球
Can you please shut up?	你可以闭嘴吗
To my surprise, he was good at singing.	让我出乎意料的是
Lawyers are all liars.	律师都是骗子
That is his house.	那是他家
This is a fake.	这是一个伪造品
In general, men run faster than women.	一般来说
Tom lacks flexibility.	汤姆缺乏灵活性
A year has twelve months.	一年有十二个月
I eat meat three times a week.	我每周吃肉三次
He asked after you.	他问候了你
I often say that to myself.	我常对自己这么说
Tom pretended that he was a doctor.	汤姆假装他是一名医生
I need a towel.	我需要一块毛巾
He jumped onto the table.	他跳上了桌子
Is there any chance that he'll resign?	他有可能辞职吗
I can't walk.	我不能走
I'm an honest person.	我是个老实人
The boys kept quiet.	男孩子们保持安静
This is the last time I'll ask you to do anything for me.	这是我最后一次让你为我做点事了
We met at the church.	我们在教堂里遇到
I almost left my umbrella in the train.	我几乎把我的雨伞忘在火车上
He really wants to meet you.	他真的想见你
No one can control him.	没人管束或开导他
You people are no fun at all.	你们这帮人真没意思
Would you like tea or coffee?	您想要茶还是咖啡
Who's the girl at the door?	在门口的女孩是谁
Please pardon me for coming late.	抱歉那么晚来
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.	我要告诉你的只能你我知道
Tom doesn't have a good French-English dictionary.	Tom	没有一本好的法英字典
It takes 165 years for Neptune to orbit around the sun.	海王星绕行太阳一周要花一百六十五年
I can cook.	我会做饭
Why aren't you in jail?	你为何没有在牢里
I could smell the alcohol on his breath.	我能闻到他呼吸中的酒精味
One of the main products of this country is coffee.	这个国家的主要产品之一是咖啡
One thousand dollars will cover all the expenses for the party.	1000	美元将负担聚会的全部费用
I would like to tell you something.	我想告诉你一些事情
Tom hasn't missed any of Mary's concerts.	汤姆没有错过一场玛丽的音乐会
Tom used to drink like a fish.	Tom	过去喝很多酒
The planets revolve around the sun.	行星绕著太阳转
Do you want some company?	你想要伙伴吗
This should be easy.	这个应该很简单
Those records are not accessible to the public.	这些记录不对公众开放
I'll always love you, no matter what happens.	不论发生了什么事
We can't get close to the enemy.	我们无法接近敌人
He chose every word with care.	他选每个词都深思熟虑
I was so cold.	我很冷
You can shut up now.	你现在可以住口了
Experience is the best teacher.	经验是最好的老师
This piece is in a major key.	这首曲子是大调
Tom was wearing jeans.	汤姆穿著牛仔裤
My car isn't brown.	我的车不是棕的
As a matter of fact, I haven't eaten anything since this morning.	事实上
That did occur to me.	那就发生在我身上
The colors of the American flag are red, white and blue.	美国国旗的颜色是红白蓝
She was tired, but she kept working.	她累了
There's no money left in my bank account.	我的银行账户里没留下钱
Don't eat like a pig.	别像猪一样猛吃东西
I regret eating those oysters.	我后悔吃了那些牡蛎
Tom couldn't tell Mary everything he knew.	汤姆不能告诉玛丽他知道的所有事
You'll forget about me someday.	有一天你会忘了我
When his food supply ran short, he had to look for a new place to live.	他的食物供给不足的的时候
I saw him cross the street.	我看见他穿过了马路
She talked as she walked.	她边走边谈
It might rain.	可能要下雨了
I came to Japan from China.	我从中国到日本
I take a walk every day except when it rains.	除了雨天我每天都散步
Patience is essential for a teacher.	耐心对一个教师来说是必需的
How do we find it?	我们怎样才能找到它
May I be the first to offer my congratulations.	希望我是第一个祝贺的人
Your father is tall.	你爸爸很高
I made it myself.	我自己做的
Switzerland is a beautiful country.	瑞士是一个美丽的国家
I wish I could go.	我希望我可以去
I have a slight headache today.	我今天有轻微的头痛
This website is very useful.	这个网站很有用
I like playing sports.	我喜欢运动
My joints ache when it gets cold.	当天气变冷的时候
How do you get to school?	你怎么去学校
I really should be going.	我真的该走了
What a bizarre story!	多么荒唐的故事
That's for suckers.	它是给容易上当受骗的人的
Tom is crying, too.	汤姆也在哭
There isn't a drop of water left.	没有剩下一滴水
I need a pencil. Can I use one of yours?	我需要一支铅笔
Who did you talk to?	你和谁说话呢
Tom seems to be completely lost.	汤姆看来完全输了
We may never know.	我们可能永远不知道
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.	隔壁的男孩常常晚回家
This box isn't as big as that one.	这个盒子没那个盒子大
Tom said that he had been cleaning the house all day.	汤姆说他打扫屋子打扫了一天
School starts next Monday.	下周一开学
The lake was frozen.	湖冻冰了
Tom doesn't seem to agree.	汤姆似乎不同意
Here are your keys.	把你的钥匙给你
I fed the leftovers to my dog.	我把剩下的东西给我的狗吃
This room has air conditioning.	这个房间有空调
We sell orange juice.	我们卖柳橙汁
Please bring us two cups of tea and one cup of coffee.	请来两杯茶和一杯咖啡
This is a difficult problem to solve.	这是个很难解决的问题
I've seen it.	我见过
The price of gas is rising.	天然气的价格上升
I found the comic book very interesting.	我发现这本漫画书非常有趣
I helped my father yesterday.	昨天我帮了我爸爸
What are you driving at?	您在暗示什么
Will you lend your dictionary to me?	把你的字典借给我好吗
Tom says he's tired.	汤姆说他累了
The man turned out to be a private detective.	这个男子竟然是一个私家侦探
Some things are better left undone.	有些事不做更好
When did this happen?	这事是什么时候发生的
I never thought that would happen.	我从来没想到会发生那种事
I'll be back by six o'clock.	我将
Stay there.	留在这里别动
I was bitten by a mosquito.	我被蚊子叮了
That's not the problem.	不是这个问题
While reading a book, I fell asleep.	我看书的时候睡着了
Please take off your coat.	请脱下您的外套
No matter what happens, I'll keep my promise.	不管发生什么
I need a lawyer.	我需要一名律师
You shouldn't have done it.	你不应该做的
I had a really bad nightmare last night.	昨晚我做了一个可怕的噩梦
I was learning.	我在学习
I'm not tired right now.	我现在不累
Come home before six.	六点之前要回家
We laughed.	我们笑了
They'll be grateful.	他们会感激
That's a great poem.	这是一首很棒的诗
All my friends will be there.	我所有的朋友都会到那儿
They want more.	他们想要更多
Fortune smiled on him.	好运向他露出了笑容
Tom is a true man.	汤姆是个真男人
Our country must develop its natural resources.	我们国家必须开发自然资源
Do you know what happened?	你知道发生了什么事情吗
Is Tom at school?	汤姆在学校吗
We have enough food.	我们有足够的食物
This must be changed.	这必须改
Where's the nearest travel agency?	最近的旅行社在哪里
Hi, my name is Tom. What is yours?	你好
Did they live here?	他们从前住这吗
The car crashed into the truck.	汽车撞上了卡车
What do we do now?	我们现在怎么办
I'm a citizen of the world.	我是世界公民
Are you still winning?	你还在赢吗
This is a picture of my family.	这是一张我全家的照片
I have not yet finished my supper.	我还没吃完晚饭
I don't think that I'll be able to get there on time.	我估计我无法及时赶到
The talks will last three days.	这场谈话将要持续三天
He tried to kill himself.	他试图自杀
I guess that's how Tom found me.	我猜那就是汤姆找到我的方法
May I open the box?	我能打开盒子吗
How will we protect ourselves?	我们怎么保护自己
People have been buying me drinks all night.	人们整晚都在给我买饮料
I bought it for about twelve dollars.	我用
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.	我们今晚会吃很多
I've got to go to the hospital.	我需要去医院
Please show me what to do next.	请告诉我下一步该做什么
If it is worth doing at all, it is worth doing well.	如果值得一做
Tom can't go out because he has a lot of homework.	汤姆因为有很多作业不能外出
They had started earlier than we had.	他们比我们先开始
Tom takes the bus to the city.	汤姆搭公车去市区
Did Tom break something again?	汤姆又弄坏了什么东西吗
Eating habits differ from country to country.	各国有不同的饮食习惯
I found the key underneath the mat.	我在擦鞋垫下面发现了这把钥匙
Tom is a clever kid.	汤姆是聪明的孩子
I always keep my promises.	我总是信守我的承诺
Tom is a Boston native.	汤姆是波士顿本地人
Do you still buy lottery tickets?	你还买彩票吗
My wallet and passport are missing.	我的钱包和护照不见了
You should tell him the truth.	您该告诉他真相
I've seen Tom naked.	我见过汤姆光着
I'll attend the meeting.	我将参加这个会议
He gave him a book.	他给了他一本书
Tom doesn't like football.	汤姆不喜欢足球
I'm not a dictator.	我不是独裁者
Do I have to do it right away?	我必须立刻做吗
I know that can't really happen.	我知道那不会真的发生
What's this?	这是什么啊
How much does that cost?	多少钱
I remember having seen her somewhere.	我记得好像在哪里见过她
This is a picture of my family.	这是一张我的全家福照片
It won't work.	它不会奏效
The man you saw yesterday is my uncle.	你昨天看到的那个男人是我叔叔
Water poured from the broken pipe.	水从破裂的水管倾泻而出
She began to like him right away.	她立刻开始喜欢他了
I get two hours' exercise every day.	我每天做两个小时的练习
Can you tell me what this is?	你能告诉我这是什么吗
Who is in charge of the office while the boss is away?	在主任不在的时候
Congratulations!	祝贺
Tom vanished.	汤姆不见了
Pass me the salt.	请给我盐
What do you usually eat for lunch?	你一般中午饭吃什么
The old man passed away this morning.	老男人今天早上去世了
Spring is my favorite season.	春天是我最喜爱的季节
I struggled to get out of the subway.	我挣扎着挤出地铁
Tom said he needed money.	汤姆说他需要钱
The well ran dry.	这口井干涸了
It's not at all easy to master French.	要掌握法语一点都不容易
Tom bought some flowers for Mary.	汤姆给玛丽带了些花
Write something.	写点什么
I intend to go to the barbershop.	我打算去理发店
This book is worth reading again.	这本书值得再看一遍
He played the piano and she sang.	他弹钢琴
She was wearing a blue coat.	她穿了一件蓝色大衣
I'm really not happy about it.	我对此真不高兴
Those kinds of methods are out of date.	这种方法早已过时了
Why did you run away?	你为什么逃走
Give Tom a hand.	帮汤姆一把
He and I are brothers.	他和我是兄弟
Do you think it's a sign?	你认为这是个预兆吗
Is Tom there already?	汤姆已经在那里了吗
The doctor decided to operate at once.	医生决定立刻动手术
Where is the nearest subway station?	最近的地铁站在哪里
The Jacksons are visiting us tomorrow afternoon.	杰克森一家明天下午就要来看望我们
I haven't yet collected sufficient materials to write a book.	我还没有收集到足够的材料来写一本书
He is capable of teaching Spanish.	他有能力教授西班牙文
We took turns driving the car.	我们轮流开车
We're getting a new car next month.	下个月我们会有辆新车
There's a big supermarket in my neighborhood.	在我的邻近区域有一个大超市
We often eat fish raw in Japan.	我们在日本常常吃生鱼
Where did you get it?	你从哪得到它的
He didn't answer the phone, so I sent him an email.	他没有接电话
Please translate this sentence into Japanese.	请把这句话翻译成日文
Would you like sugar and milk?	你想要糖和奶吗
I saw five men.	我看见五个男人
See you at the party.	在派对上见
He pretended to be a stupid man.	他假装是个愚蠢的人
The bridge is being repainted.	这座桥正被重新油漆
They have the same habits.	他们有相同的嗜好
There is an apple on the desk.	桌上有个苹果
Who wants a slice of pie?	谁想来一块派
Tom knows how to behave in public.	汤姆知道在公众场合怎么样自处
It's your turn.	轮到你了
She cursed loudly.	她大声诅咒
There is a page missing.	有一页缺了
You have to get this work finished by noon.	你必须在中午以前完成这个工作
I'm not the least bit scared of you.	我一点都不怕你
The fire alarm rang.	火警警报响了
In Esperanto there are only 16 grammar rules.	世界语只有
The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941.	日本人在一九四一年十二月七日袭击珍珠港
My daughter loves jumping rope.	我妹妹酷爱跳绳
She woke up on her own.	她自己起床的
I dislike big cities.	我不喜欢大城市
Who is that man?	那个男人是谁
She got a new CD player yesterday.	她昨天得到了一个新的
He spoke to me when he saw me.	他看到我的时候和我说话
In London, the police are always worried about finding a bomb on the train or subway.	在伦敦
I didn't pay attention to what they were saying.	他们说了什么
I've never been to Europe.	我从没去过欧洲
I promised myself that I would never do that again.	我对自己发誓今后不会再那么做
It is becoming warmer day by day.	一天天热起来了
My office is on the fifth floor.	我的办公室在五楼
His pictures were hung on the wall.	他的画被悬挂在墙上
Take a picture with your phone.	用你的手机拍一张照片
I can only see it getting worse.	我只看见它变得更糟了
Come and see me tomorrow.	明天来看看我
They didn't speak French very well.	他们说法语说得不太好
Tom just doesn't understand.	汤姆就是不懂
Why aren't you listening?	你为甚么不听
I am looking forward to hearing from you.	谨待复信
I'd like to come with you.	我想和你一起走
She left early in the morning.	她清晨离开了
I can hardly see without my glasses.	没有了我的眼镜我几乎看不到
Aren't you happy?	你不快乐吗
The sum of 5 and 3 is 8.	五和三的总和是八
Help yourself to a piece of cake.	你们自己吃蛋糕
Did you call your friend in Canada?	你打电话给你在加拿大的朋友了吗
Allow me to introduce myself.	请允许我自我介绍一下
Stay out of the rain.	躲雨
Armenian is an Indo-European language.	亚美尼亚语是一门印欧语言
This room is cleaned by Tom.	这房间是由汤姆清扫的
Everyone was fine.	大家都还行
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and mute.	海伦
He's just a business associate.	他只是个事业合伙人
This city is cold and lonely without you.	没有你这个城市孤单又冷清
The doctor tried every possible means to save his patient.	为抢救病人医生已尽力了
The boy denied having stolen the bicycle.	那个男孩否认偷了自行车
The baby fell asleep in the cradle.	宝宝在摇篮里入睡了
The matter has not been settled yet.	问题还没有解决
Do you want fruit juice?	您想要果汁吗
I couldn't leave Tom.	我不能离开汤姆
Lemons are sour.	柠檬是酸的
Give it another go.	再试一次
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.	伯拉罕
I took a day off last week.	上周我休了一天的假
My grandmother can't see very well.	我的祖母无法看得很清楚
Your behavior is intolerable.	你的行为让人无法忍受
The room smelled of tobacco.	房里有股烟味
I wasn't able to go to his birthday party.	我那时没法去他的生日派对
You got me.	算你狠
It is not necessary for us to attend this lecture.	我们没有必要出席这个讲座
There were two pieces of cake.	那有两块蛋糕
She naturally accepted the invitation.	当然
You should have told me a long time ago.	很久以前你就应该告诉我的
You have to leave.	你得走了
I have a pair of red shoes.	我有一双红鞋子
I wish that Tom would go home.	我希望汤姆回家
What's your favorite radio station?	你最喜欢的电台是什么
I was at home.	我刚才在家
She is getting married this fall.	她今年秋天要结婚
I don't need anything.	我不需要任何东西
Tom spilled his drink on himself.	汤姆把饮料洒到了自己身上
The earth is similar to an orange in shape.	地球的外形和橙子相似
Is there anything that needs to be done?	有甚么事要做吗
A crowd of people gathered to see the parade.	一大群人聚在一起看巡游
You can buy stamps at any post office.	你在任何一家邮局都能买到邮票
Do you like Mozart's music?	你喜欢莫扎特的音乐吗
Tom wants to leave.	汤姆想离开
Tom isn't done yet.	汤姆还没完成
I don't think Tom has any teaching experience.	我认为汤姆一点教学经验都没有
Why did you buy such an expensive dictionary?	为什么你买了一本那么贵的词典
He likes cooking for his family.	他喜欢为家人做饭
Tom would accept.	汤姆会接受
The price isn't reasonable.	这个价格不合理
How do you come to that conclusion?	你们怎么得出这个结论的
They were all dressed in uniforms.	他们都穿着制服
Tom is now studying in his room.	汤姆现在在他的房间里学习
We're all hungry.	我们都饿了
I'm free!	我自由了
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese.	我是在北京学的中文
It tastes really good.	它的滋味真的很好
If he had been a little more careful, the accident would have been avoided.	如果他当时再小心一点点
Who do you think they were?	你认为他们是谁
It cost him 50 dollars to rent a car in Hawaii.	他花了
I decided to buy a car.	我决定买一辆车
Dr. Yukawa played an important part in the scientific study.	汤川博士在科学研究上起了很重要的作用
Your grades are better than mine.	你成绩比我好
My father has five brothers and sisters.	我父亲有五个兄弟姐妹
I don't have any change.	我没任何零钱
It grew larger and larger.	它变得越来越大
Which one of the two brothers did you see?	你见到的是两兄弟中的哪一个
He has been studying for two hours.	他学了两个小时
The calculator on the table is mine.	桌上的计算器是我的
Do you know where Tom put his keys?	你知道汤姆把他的钥匙放哪了吗
Not all aliens are bad.	不是所有外星人都坏
Just take my word for it.	请相信我的话
He finally became the president of IBM.	他终于成了
He admitted his guilt.	他承认他有罪
I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.	我只是想要听听你的嗓音
The plane is about to take off.	飞机快要起飞了
"Is he going to swim tomorrow?" "Yes, he is."	“	他明天去游泳吗
Keep going.	继续吧
Who wrote these two letters?	谁写了这两封信
Have you ever seen Tom angry?	你有看见过汤姆生气的时候吗
Did you buy cat food?	你买猫粮了吗
He walked past the house.	他走过这栋房子
She lived at 56 Russell Square.	她住在罗素广场
I've always wanted to climb Mt. Fuji.	我一直想登富士山
He has gone to Britain.	他已经去了英国
What's become of your dog?	你的狗怎么了
Please get me a scrap of paper.	请给我一张废纸
Sorry I'm late.	对不起
It's too large.	它太大了
I need more money.	我需要更多的钱
Tom is always absent.	汤姆总是旷课
Don't listen to her.	别听她的
Don't worry about such a thing.	不要担心这样的事情
I took Highway 58.	我走
Are you certain this is what you want?	你确定这就是你想要的吗
I thought you said something.	我觉得你说了什么
I'll have to think about it.	我将考虑考虑
We are going to climb that mountain.	我们将要去爬那座山
He asked her where her mother was.	他问她她的母亲在哪里
I know all your secrets.	我知道你所有的秘密
Can you give me an example?	你可以给我举个例子吗
It's no use arguing with him.	跟他吵没用
My father put a fence around the garden.	我父亲在花园边上装了篱笆
We'll cook.	我们会做饭的
Tom seems to be easygoing.	汤姆看来随和
To the best of my knowledge, the rumor is not true.	据我所知
I don't need to talk about it.	我不需要谈论它
She's in the bath.	她在浴室
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.	凤凰城是亚利桑那州的首府
I don't think that Tom is serious.	我不觉得汤姆是认真的
Are you carrying a lot of money?	你身上有很多钱吗
Here are some pictures.	这里有一些图片
Tom probably wanted to go swimming.	汤姆可能想去游泳
Everything went according to plan.	一切按计划进行
If she had married you, she would be happy now.	如果她和你结婚了
Is there someone who could help me?	有谁可以帮我吗
We lost it.	我们失去了它
As far as I'm concerned, she's a complete stranger.	她对我来说是一个完全陌生的人
I don't think I'll ever meet him.	我不认为我会再跟他见面
Tom doesn't trust the police.	汤姆并不信任警察
I am a stranger here.	我是这里的外地人
It's okay to go.	你可以走了
Watch your step.	走路小心
I'm sure that you'll succeed.	我肯定你会成功
Mary is going to help us tomorrow.	玛丽明天会来帮我们
Did you accomplish your goals?	你达成你的目标了吗
Tom was wearing an old pair of shoes.	汤姆穿着一双旧鞋
I think that they're a lot of fun.	我觉得他们很有意思
Doing that is simply out of the question.	根本不可能做那件事
You are a good person.	您是一个好人
Dead men tell no tales.	死人不会告密
Pass me the wine, please.	请把酒递给我
Where do you want to go tomorrow?	你明天想去那里
Can you explain why you were late?	你能解释一下你为什么迟到吗
Someone locked me in the room.	有人把我锁在这房间里
It can be done in a day.	它可以在一天之内完成
She doesn't like soccer.	她不喜欢足球
Tom is certain to come on time.	汤姆一定会准时来的
His story was interesting.	他的故事很有意思
Tom should be here any minute.	汤姆应该随时就会到这里
Be careful not to catch a cold.	小心不要着凉
Smoking is not allowed here.	这里不允许抽烟
His cottage is on the coast.	他的村屋在海岸上
I'm looking forward to seeing you.	我期待著见到你
This song is very popular in Japan.	这首歌曲在日本很受欢迎
Could you give me a discount?	能不能给我打折
Tom will be a teacher someday.	汤姆有一天会成为教师
Did your uncle let you drive his car?	你叔叔让你开他的车了吗
It can't be!	不可能
She's good at handling children.	她对孩子很有一套
My attitude towards him changed.	我对他的态度变了
He traveled around the country.	他周游全国各地
Wherever you go, I'll follow.	无论你到哪里
Tom wasn't smiling when he entered the room.	汤姆进房间时没有微笑
Do you want to know?	你想知道吗
When does the movie start?	电影什么时候开始
He likes fishing.	他喜欢钓鱼
Tom was there this morning.	汤姆早上去过那里
Do you want some more tea?	你想再要点茶吗
Rome wasn't built in a day.	冰冻三尺
They're fake.	它们是假的
I'm ill.	我生病了
You and I need to have a talk.	你我之间需要来场谈话
OK, you win.	好吧
I'm blessed with good health.	我很幸运有健康的身体
We go out together every weekend.	我们每个周末都一起出去
I caught him by the arm before he could fall.	在他倒下前我抓住了他的手臂
Mary dressed up as a witch.	玛丽打扮成一个女巫
He put on the black coat.	他穿上了黑色的外套
I'd like to introduce you to my parents.	我想介绍你给我父母认识
Continue working.	继续工作
I don't think that this is a good idea.	我觉得这主意不行
You don't have to do it right away.	你没必要马上去做
That's an exception.	那是例外
War is not inevitable.	战争并非不可避免
I don't think my life is very interesting.	我不认为我的人生很有趣
Tom is insufferable.	汤姆令人难以忍受
Opinion is divided on this point.	在这一点上意见不一
She assigned him to the job.	她指派他做这个工作
I'm ready to do anything for you.	我甘心为你做任何事
Does she like oranges?	她喜欢柳橙吗
They seem to have had a good time in Rome.	他们看来在罗马过了些好日子
Tom wants to see you.	汤姆想见你
You don't look so happy.	你看来不大高兴
Don't forget about me.	别忘了我
Can you put me up tonight?	今晚可以住你家吗
It looks good.	看起来不错
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?	你今天下午想不想去动物园
I planted a peach tree in my yard.	我在我的院子里种了棵桃树
He is not a teacher but a doctor.	他不是老师
This is empty.	这是空的
Tom knows I want to leave as soon as possible.	汤姆知道我想尽早离开
He doesn't like to eat fish.	他不喜欢吃鱼
The Prime Minister's speech was calculated to anger the opposition parties.	总理的发言估计激怒了在野党
She cried her heart out.	她哭得肝肠寸断
He likes traveling and so do I.	他喜欢旅行
The bakery is closed.	面包房打烊了
I know why you're happy.	我知道你为什么高兴
She was busy doing her homework.	她忙著做她的功课
Now, wait a second.	现在等一下
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.	坦率地说
You don't have to work on Sundays.	你周日不必工作
Some bugs were fixed.	一些程式错误被改正了
Eat your soup before it gets cold.	趁汤没凉之前喝下
Who wrote these poems?	这些诗的作者是谁
What you said isn't true.	你说的不是真的
That's a face I've seen before.	这张脸我以前见过
I've lived here since I was a boy.	我还是一个小男孩的时候就住在这里
"How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?" he inquired.	“	步行到
My father went fishing.	我父亲去钓鱼了
How far is it from here to the museum?	博物馆和这里之间距离多远
I don't mind lending you the money provided you pay it back within a month.	假如能一个月之内还上的话
I warned him not to be late.	我警告了他不要迟到
It rains a lot in June in Japan.	在日本
I just said something very stupid.	我刚说了很蠢的话
The meeting lasted two hours.	这个会议持续了两个小时
I've always fed my dogs in the early evening.	每个傍晚我都会喂我的狗狗们
What do you need this money for?	你需要这些钱做什么
Tom appeared on television last night.	汤姆昨晚上电视了
When will the world come to an end?	世界末日是什么时候
She always believes me.	她一直都相信我
I don't believe that ghosts exist.	我不相信鬼魂存在
I was lonely without her.	她不在
She gets up early every morning.	她每天早上早起
You like to talk about architecture, don't you?	你喜欢讨论建筑
It is extremely hot and humid in Bali in December.	12	月份巴厘岛极其炎热和潮湿
What do you say we go skiing?	我们去滑雪怎么样
The delegations of both countries met in Geneva.	两国代表团在日内瓦会面
Tom wrote a letter to Mary this morning.	Tom	今天早上写了封信给
How many bowls do we have?	我们有几个碗
Tom drank his orange juice.	Tom	喝了他的柳橙汁
I'm hearing that a lot lately.	我最近听说了不少
My grandfather usually eats breakfast at six.	我的祖父通常在六点钟吃早餐
The novel ends with the heroine's death.	小说以女主角的死告终
Were you on time for work today?	你今天准时上班了吗
I will try it again.	我会再试一次
I think jogging is good exercise.	我认为慢跑是很好的运动
The Tigers lost the game, which was a surprise to us.	我们觉得很惊讶老虎队竟然输掉了比赛
The next one's for you.	下一个给你
I don't want it.	我不要
For the time being, I'm studying French at this language school.	目前
My brother is a college student.	我哥哥是个大学生
He likes playing football.	他喜欢踢足球
Do you smoke?	你吸烟吗
You have no right to interfere in other people's affairs.	你没有干涉他人事务的权力
We enjoyed ourselves at the picnic.	我们在野餐玩得很开心
We can't stay in here very long.	我们不能在这里待很长时间
Everything's normal.	一切正常
I had to get my tattoo removed.	我必须把文身去掉
He is in the kitchen.	他在厨房
There is one way.	有个办法
She is already sleeping.	她已经睡下了
It snowed for ten consecutive days.	雪持续下了十天
He cleared his throat.	他清了清喉咙
Is that paper?	那是纸吗
We got behind the car and pushed.	我们到车子后面推车
It's impossible to predict earthquakes.	预测地震是不可能的
He called in to say he could not attend the meeting.	他打电话来说他不能参加会议
Tom is very quiet.	汤姆很安静
He's a strange character.	他的性情古怪
She is eager to live in Australia.	她渴望住在澳洲
I can't finish the job in so short a time.	我无法在这么短的时间内完成这份工作
Is this for sale?	这是要卖的东西吗
Would you please open the door?	请你开门好吗
This is my book.	这是我的书
Tom was dressed like a pirate.	Tom	穿得像个海盗
She cleaned her room in a hurry.	她急忙地清扫了她的房间
Somebody was murdered.	有人被谋杀了
Forget it.	算了
He is not likely to succeed.	他不可能成功
Do you believe in UFOs?	你相信
His shirt was stained with sauce.	他的衬衫被酱汁弄脏了
Don't give up!	不要放弃
This book is full of mistakes.	这本书充满了错误
What's the weather like now?	现在的天气怎么样了
Give me back my wallet.	把钱包还我
Let's just enjoy this peace and quiet.	让我们享受这平静和安宁
She made out the application for admission.	她提出了入学申请
You're really brave, aren't you?	你很勇敢
I'm three years younger than you are.	我比你小三岁
Prices are double what they were ten years ago.	价钱是
Some boys came into the classroom.	有些男孩走进了教室
Tom looks very happy.	汤姆看起来非常开心
English is spoken in Singapore.	在新加坡的人说英语
Will you show me your photo album?	你能让我看看你的相簿吗
No way!	不可能
My mother took my temperature.	我妈妈量了我的体温
Where are you going to eat lunch?	你要去哪里吃午饭
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.	我找工作已经很久了
I didn't know what to say.	我不知道该说些什么
She resembles her mother in every respect.	她在各方面都像她的母亲
My grandmother made me a new dress.	我的祖母做了一套新衣服给我
Do you think we'll have good weather?	你认为我们会遇到好天气吗
Might I ask your name and address?	我能问一下您的姓名和住址吗
My father loves pizza.	我父亲爱吃比萨
I don't want any bananas at all.	我一个香蕉也不要
You must study more.	你该学得更多
I play football.	我踢足球
Tom wanted to see Mary.	汤姆想见玛丽
He went to Italy in order to study music.	为了研读音乐他去了义大利
I'll lend you this dictionary.	我会借给你这本字典
There's a car coming.	有车来了
You owe me a favor.	你欠我一个人情
Look at me with your books closed.	把你的书合起来看著我
She's a complete stranger to me.	她对我来说是一个完全陌生的人
It is stupid of you to believe in him.	你相信他真是太愚蠢了
Everybody's worried.	每个人都担心
Tom is teaching me to how to sail.	汤姆正在教我怎么开帆船
I'll see you next month.	我下个月会来看你
I don't like the way you laugh at her.	我不喜欢你嘲笑她的方式
I can't remember.	我想不起来
I know that you're learning French at school.	我知道你在学校学法语
You'll go to school tomorrow.	你明天去学校
He had his socks on inside out.	他把他的袜子穿反了
There were lots of people.	有很多人
The police will put you behind bars for twenty years.	警方会把你关在牢里二十年
He walks fast.	他走路很快
Do you often have fish for dinner?	你常常晚餐吃鱼吗
It takes me ten minutes to walk to school.	我走路
Please put on these slippers.	请穿上这双拖鞋
Why should I go to school?	为什么我应该去上学
Follow us.	请跟着我们
Don't leave the TV on.	不要让电视机开着
I'm going to take my car.	我将去取我的车
Tom let out a big sigh.	汤姆大声叹了口气
I live in an apartment in the city.	我住在城市中的一间公寓里
I think he's a great writer.	我认为他是位伟大的作家
There is a good chance that gasoline prices will go up.	油价上涨的可能性很高
I tried to call Tom back.	我试著给汤姆回电话
We got involved in a traffic accident.	我们被卷入了一场交通事故
Tom applauded.	汤姆鼓掌
Please speak a little more slowly.	请讲慢一点
The boat is going against the current.	船逆流航行
What subjects do you like the best?	你最喜欢什么科目
Leave me alone.	让我一个人待着
Taiwanese food is milder than Indian food.	台湾菜比印度菜口味淡
Tom didn't know that the deadline was today.	汤姆不知道今天是期限
According to the newspaper, there was a big fire last night.	根据报导
Tom doesn't usually eat breakfast.	汤姆一般不吃早饭
Just a minute, please.	请稍等一下
I want to die.	我想死
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed home.	昨天太冷了
Can you come?	你能来吗
Let's leave.	走吧
Tom said that Mary hit him.	汤姆说玛丽打他
How much does it cost?	多少钱
Could you turn off the lights?	你可以关灯吗
What will it take to bring him down?	要怎么才能把他拉下马
Have you already rung the doorbell?	你按门铃了吗
Should Tom be worried?	Tom	应该要担心吗
That's a bad day for me.	那天我不行
Did you hear what I said?	你听见我说的了吗
How much is that?	多少钱
He always tells the truth.	他总是说实话
I feel like getting some fresh air.	我想要呼吸一些新鲜空气
May comes after April.	四月之后是五月
Say it clearly.	说清楚
She has a pretty doll.	她有个漂亮的洋娃娃
It's not something I'm very good at.	这不是我所擅长的事
Where is my newspaper?	我的报纸在哪里
Let's shake hands.	让我们握手吧
I've had a busy day.	今天我一直很忙
He is likely to be late again.	他可能又迟到了
This flag is very beautiful.	这面旗子很漂亮
You're partially correct.	你对了一部分
He made many excuses for being late.	他为迟到找了很多的借口
My children are twins.	我的孩子是双胞胎
I'll give you this pendant.	我会给你这个坠饰
It's not easy writing a love letter in English.	用英文写情书不容易
What have you been doing this week?	你这个星期一直在做什么
You'd better start now.	你最好现在就开始
I should be happy.	我该高兴
Tom told him.	汤姆告诉了他
I am fond of cars.	我喜欢车
It was sensible of you to follow her advice.	你听从她的忠告是明智的
You are as tall as I am.	你和我一样高
I can't say for sure.	我不太确定
We are staying at our uncle's.	我们待在舅舅家
A lot of people came today.	今天来了很多人
Having missed the train, I had to wait about an hour for the next one.	由于错过了火车
Did you check all the items on the shopping list?	你检查购物单上所有的项目了吗
A car is a must for life in the suburbs.	要住在郊区的话
Do you still love Tom?	你依然爱汤姆吗
You should think of their religions.	你应该考虑他们的宗教
I was brought up in the country.	我在乡下被抚养长大
The United States borders Canada.	美国与加拿大相邻
We're not going on vacation.	我们不去度假
I got up at six this morning.	我今天早上六点起床
Our school is further away than the station.	去我们学校比去火车站要远
This bed is heavy.	这床很沉
She is a wonderful woman.	她是个很棒的女人
It makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month.	每个月还清信用卡负债很重要
He made good use of the opportunity.	他好好地利用了这个机会
Open it carefully.	小心打开
Let's wait for a while and see how you do.	让我们等一会儿看看你怎么做
I like them.	我喜欢他们
We think that he's honest.	我们认为他诚实
He kept his promise and helped his brothers.	他履行了他的承诺
They speak English and French in Canada.	在加拿大
This is my horse.	这是我的马
It was only a partial success.	那只是部分的成功
Wait for a moment outside the room.	在房间外面等待片刻
Please give me a call.	请给我打电话
I received her letter yesterday.	昨天我收到了她的信
Take care!	照顾好自己
The baby was in a deep sleep in his mother's arms.	孩子在母亲的怀中熟睡
I often go sailing on weekends.	我经常在周末去航海
Someone tapped me on the shoulder.	有人拍了拍我的肩膀
He is to blame for the failure.	失败的责任在他
Do you believe in ghosts?	你相信鬼存在吗
He will be back in a second.	他很快就会回来
How can I reach you?	我怎么联系你
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.	这艘船太大
Can you come over to my house tonight?	你今晚能不能到我家来
Tell me when to begin.	告诉我什么时候开始
Was her story true?	她的故事是真的吗
Tom kept me waiting all afternoon.	Tom	让我等了一下午
I'll wait for you in front of the radio station.	我会在电台前等你
Straighten up.	改邪归正
This is what Tom would want me to do.	这就是汤姆想让我做的
I once lived in Rome.	我曾在罗马生活过
The sun sets in the west.	太阳在西边落下
We got there at the same time.	我们在同一时间到了那里
Don't quit your day job.	别辞掉你的正职
We have a new neighbor.	我们有新邻居
Your suggestion is worth considering.	你的提议值得考虑
Why do I even care?	我干嘛在乎
The conference ended at five.	会议在五点钟结束
Why did you come home so late?	你为什么这么晚回家
There was a big fire last night.	昨晚有一场大火
We didn't know which bus to take.	我们不知道要搭哪一班公车
We are looking for a nice house to live in.	我们在找一个漂亮的屋子住
Turn up the TV.	把电视声音调大点儿
I was exhausted from work.	我工作累死了
I've got no friends.	我没有朋友
The house I bought is pretty far from downtown.	我买的房子离市中心比较远
How's everybody doing?	大家好吗
You're really useless.	你真没用
Should I go?	我该去吗
Do all of you speak French?	你们都讲法语吗
She is nothing but a child.	她只是个孩子
It's too soon.	太早了
When the phone rang, I was watching TV.	电话响的时候
You are always watching TV.	你总是在看电视
When I opened the door, I found him asleep.	当我打开门的时候
What's the average height of the players?	选手们的平均身高是多少
He was an excellent scientist, and what is more, was a great poet.	他是一位优秀的科学家
He teaches English to his friends.	他对他的朋友教英语
I think so, too.	我也这么想
I want to do more.	我想做更多
I might say yes.	我可能会说是
Why can't we have pizza?	为什么我们不能要比萨
You look just like your older brother.	你看起来很像你的哥哥
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.	能在日本找到这样的大的院子实属罕见
Tom is coming, too.	汤姆也来
Wealth does not always bring us happiness.	财富并不总是为我们带来快乐
They don't need a reason.	他们不需要理由
A new branch will be opened in Chicago next month.	新的分店下个月在芝加哥开张
She was born in America.	她生在美洲
I was a doctor.	我以前是医生
He is getting better day by day.	他一天一天地好转
I usually get up at 6:00.	我一般六点起床
I don't have money now.	我现在没有钱
My sister usually walks to school.	我妹妹通常走路去学校
A fallen tree blocked the path.	一棵倒下的树挡住了通道
It was a very, very hot night.	那真是很热
The doctor gave it to her.	医生把它给了她
He whistled as he walked.	他边走边吹口哨
I have nothing to do with that crime.	这个犯罪和我一点关系都没有
Computers are certainly playing an important role in our life, whether we like it or not.	无论我们是否喜欢电脑
I go to school by subway.	我搭地铁上学
Maybe I'll go, and maybe I won't.	也许我会去
I vaguely remember meeting him.	我依稀记得见过他
You have only to ask for it.	你只要问就好了
Are you afraid of bugs?	你怕虫子吗
Tom wasn't thirsty.	汤姆不渴
She gave me these old coins.	她给了我这些旧硬币
Can you lend me your knife?	能借给我你的刀吗
I admit that I was a little drunk.	我承认当时是有点醉
I'm so lonely.	我好孤单
I admit I'm not the tidiest person in the world.	我承认
I don't feel like playing either.	我也不想玩
The child cried.	小孩哭了
Stop that!	住手
Is it next Monday that Tom returns?	汤姆是在下个星期一回来吗
Would you like to know how to prevent getting wrinkles?	你想要知道如何避免皱纹吗
Tom never felt comfortable expressing his own opinion.	汤姆在表达自己的意见的时候总是很慌张
What could go wrong?	什么可以出岔子
Put away your books and notebooks.	把你的书和笔记本收起来
Stop staring at me like that.	不要再这么盯着我了
I will not eat ice cream.	我不会吃冰淇淋
I'm not sure what I was thinking.	我不确定当时我正在想什么
I still haven't heard from him.	我还没收到他的信
It may sound strange, but what she said is true.	听起来或许有点怪
He often stays up late at night.	他经常在晚上熬夜
There was a cold wind blowing from the north.	有一阵从北边吹来的冷风
Tom needs Mary's help.	汤姆需要玛丽的帮助
Do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year?	你知不知道全世界每年有多少人饿死呀
It's hard to believe that Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.	真难相信汤姆不知道玛丽爱他
I can speak English.	我会讲英语
I don't do that as well as I used to.	我做得不如以前好了
He's a fast walker.	他走路很快
My mother doesn't like watching TV.	我母亲不喜欢看电视
That book is a new book.	那本书是一本新书
She believes whatever he says.	她相信他说的任何事
You must wait for the next bus.	你得等下一班公车
Tom undressed and got into bed.	汤姆脱光睡觉了
How's your wife, Tom?	你媳妇怎么样
What did you open it with?	你用什么打开的
He's just gone on leave.	他刚请假走了
Never underestimate Tom.	千万不可低估汤姆
My friend invited me to go out to dinner.	我的朋友邀请我去吃晚餐
I rode a horse for the first time yesterday.	昨天我第一次骑了马
Children should keep away from the river. It's dangerous.	儿童应该远离河流
I was embarrassed by what she said.	她说的话让我觉得很尴尬
Is this fish still alive?	这条鱼还是活的吗
How are you going to get home?	你打算怎么回家
He came to Japan two years ago.	他两年前来日本
It'll cost at least five dollars.	它至少要花五美元
Is there a flower shop in the hotel?	酒店中有花店吗
Nobody likes war.	没有人喜欢战争
Tom has a tattoo of a skull on his chest.	汤姆在胸上有个头骨文身
Tom has absolutely no enemies.	汤姆绝没有敌人
The weather turned better.	天气转好了
Someone called.	有人打电话来
Let's take turns rowing the boat.	让我们轮流划船
He drank very little of the water.	他喝很少的水
You have to make a reservation.	你必须事先预约
He's a very disagreeable man.	他是个很讨人烦的男人
She can sing very well.	她唱歌非常好
Which book is yours?	哪本是您的书
I know you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?	我知道你已经等很久了
Waitress, I'd like to order.	服务生
Tom didn't have a fever this morning.	汤姆今天早上没有发烧
He worked too hard, and became sick.	他工作得太多
He is a thief.	这是一个小偷
Australia is smaller than South America.	澳洲比南美洲小
Make your choice.	做出您的选择
Tom heard nothing.	汤姆什么也没听见
He was brave.	他很勇敢
How is your business going?	你的生意进展如何
That's a little hard to believe.	那有点难以置信
Please talk to Tom.	请跟汤姆谈话
They know nothing.	他们什么都不知道
This is not my car.	这不是我的车
That incident made him famous.	这起事件使他一举成名
How do you like it?	你认为如何
Is there anything you want me to buy?	有什么你想让我买的吗
What're you going to do?	你要做什么
I don't understand.	我不懂
She asked us several questions.	她问了我们好几个问题
Unfortunately, there was no one around.	很不幸
Are you doing what you think is right?	你在做你觉得对的事吗
I decided not to go to Europe.	我决定不去欧洲了
Congratulations!	恭喜
I'll tell my wife.	我会告诉我的妻子
She elbowed her way onto the train.	她挤上了火车
This is where I want to live for the rest of my life.	这里是我余生想待的地方
She greeted him waving her hand.	她挥著手向他打招呼
I didn't get everything I wanted.	我没有得到我所有想要的
I promise that I'll come.	我保证我会来
May I borrow your knife?	我能借一下你的刀吗
If you need a dictionary, I can lend you my old one.	如果你需要字典
Our fridge is broken.	我们的冰箱坏了
The red hat goes well with her dress.	这顶红帽子很衬她的裙子
They trust Tom.	他们信任汤姆
We got a good price for that.	我们得到了一个很好的价格买那个东西
She was asked to convince him to paint the house.	有人要求她说服他刷房子
The bus leaves in five minutes.	公车将在五分钟后开动
Why should it be different?	为什么它应该要变得不一样
Do you have anything for a cold?	你有任何治感冒的东西吗
A true friend would not say such a thing.	如果真的是朋友的话
Let's take a ten-minute break.	让我们休息
Take care not to catch a cold.	小心不要着凉
Ten houses were burned down.	十间房屋被烧毁了
Do you have younger brothers?	你有弟弟吗
The sun rose over the horizon.	太阳升出了地平线
She is very thoughtful and patient.	她非常周到和耐心
As soon as I get to London, I'll drop you a line.	我一到伦敦就会给你留言的
I was worried about his health.	我担心他的健康
Do you take me for a fool?	你把我当傻子吗
Do you know anyone who's been to Australia?	你知道谁去过澳大利亚的吗
You disappointed me.	你让我失望了
She can't write or read.	她不会读书写字
Where's the nearest drugstore?	最近的药店在哪里
Mary treated her wounded knee.	玛丽处理了膝盖的伤口
Tom doesn't need to worry about it.	汤姆不需要担心
The ozone in the stratosphere absorbs ultraviolet radiation.	平流层的臭氧会吸收紫外线
It is too dark for me to read.	太暗了我无法读
I was awfully confused by his question.	我对他的问题感到非常困惑
Why don't you stay a little while?	你为什么不留下来一会儿
It's a beautiful day, isn't it?	今天的天气真好
I saw him running.	我看见了他跑步
I was just going to write a letter.	我正要去写一封信
Man is the only animal that talks.	人类是唯一彼此交谈的动物
He doesn't know how to write a letter in English.	他不知道如何用英语写信
Keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them.	闭着你的眼睛直到我告诉你睁开为止
Tom bought a camera at a store not too far from here.	Tom	在离这里不远的一家商店里买了一台相机
You broke the rules.	你触犯了规则
You should not have lent the money to such a person.	你不应该借钱给这样的人
Can you hurry up a bit?	快一点好吗
That company is managed by a foreigner.	这家公司由一个外国人经营
I hope that is not the case.	我希望事情并非如此
Beer is sold by the pint.	啤酒论品脱卖
I'm not a member of the club.	我不是这个俱乐部的会员
He studies Chinese as well.	他也学习汉语
We can see more and more swallows.	我们能看到越来越多的燕子
I haven't eaten for days.	我好多天没吃东西了
Who does the gun belong to?	这把枪是属于谁的
You have to work hard.	你必须努力工作
I used to play tennis in high school.	我高中时曾打网球
Don't you have any money?	你没有钱吗
Would you mind closing the window?	你介意我关窗户吗
Could you check the tire pressure?	你能检查一下这个轮胎的气压吗
You must do it.	你必须去做
You said you were in trouble. How can I help?	你说你有困难
Do you know Tom's address?	你有汤姆的住址吗
The old man loaded his mule with bags full of sand.	老人在骡子的背上放上了一个个装满了沙的袋子
They made straight for their destination.	他们直奔目的地
I'm on a diet.	我在节食
There are more than 4,000 languages in the world.	全世界有超过
It's not right.	不对
This movie is frightening to the children.	这部电影对小孩来说很可怕
I know it's hard.	我知道它有困难
Even his servants despised him.	连他的仆人都鄙视他
Mary dyed her hair blue.	玛丽把头发染成蓝色
They have many friends.	他们有很多朋友
Tears rolled down my cheeks.	泪水沿着我的面颊流了下来
He has already had lunch.	他已经吃过午饭了
Aren't you going to go with me?	你不要跟我一起走吗
How much will it be?	这个几块
Life isn't fair, is it?	人生是不公平的
Don't interfere in my affairs.	不要插手我的事
Hang on!	等一下
I got up at about six.	我六点左右起床
They called off their engagement.	他们解除了婚约
We've done everything possible.	我们已竭尽所能
Tom can't be older than me.	汤姆不可能比我年长
He who laughs last, laughs best.	最后笑的人
I want to travel around the world.	我要环游世界
I couldn't stop myself from laughing.	我不能忍著不笑
Tom couldn't read very well until he was thirteen years old.	汤姆十三岁以前读得不好
Don't show your face around here again.	你不要再出现在这里了
Let's finish up in a hurry.	让我们快点做完吧
I made a paper plane.	我折了架纸飞机
Tom will return home tomorrow.	汤姆明天回家
I'm very busy.	我很忙
Give me a kiss.	吻我
Is that a stork or a heron?	那是一只鹳还是一只苍鹭
Tom didn't give me back my money.	汤姆没有还我钱
It is not easy to train dogs.	训练狗是不容易的
Do you feel nauseous?	你是否有恶心呕吐的感觉
What's the weather like?	天气怎么样
He was late because of the snow.	他因为下雪所以迟到了
The baby smiled at me.	宝宝对我笑了
You remind me of a boy I used to know.	你让我想起我过去认识的一个男孩
This is a book about stars.	这是一本关于星星的书
I've got to go to the bank.	我必须到银行去
Why doesn't anyone believe me?	为什么没有人相信我
I got very tired, but I felt good.	我很累
We yawn when we are short of oxygen.	我们缺氧时就会打哈欠
She has attractive eyes.	她有一双迷人的眼睛
Stop biting your nails.	不要再咬指甲了
I just wanted you to look at this.	我就是想让你看看这个
He seems to be sick.	他好像病了
Flying a kite can be dangerous.	放风筝可以是危险的
Why is everyone being so nice to me all of a sudden?	为什么大家突然对我这么好
He is driving at top speed.	他全速驾驶着
I need to go home a little early today.	我今天要早点回家
I walked in the woods by myself.	我自己走进了树林里
He has no sense of humor.	他没有任何幽默感
This year's fashions are completely different from last year's.	今年的时尚潮流完全不同于去年
He came out from behind the curtain.	他从窗帘后出来了
I'm getting off at the next stop.	我将在下一站下车
Alexander the Great died in Babylon.	亚历山大大帝死在巴比伦
Did you receive my letter?	你收到了我的信了吗
Please turn on the radio.	请打开收音机
Don't touch my camera.	不要碰我的相机
I've been feeling sick for the past few days.	我这两天感觉难受
He does not like being punished.	他不喜欢被惩罚
That's not French.	那不是法语
He looks happy.	他看上去很幸福
Why are you being so secretive?	你为什么这么神秘
You can do it, can't you?	你可以做到
The rocket was launched into space.	火箭发射进入太空
We should've studied harder.	我们本该更加努力学习
The petals are floating on the water.	花瓣浮在水面上
You may come if you like.	如果你想
Let's clear up this problem.	让我们来澄清一下这个问题
She will make him a good wife.	她会是他的好妻子
This is a great place to start.	这是个开始的好地方
When did you try hugging Tom?	你什么时候试着抱过汤姆
Take a breath and hold it.	深吸一口气然后屏住气
What do you say to taking a walk in the park?	去公园散步你觉得怎么样
You look just like Tom.	你看起来就像汤姆
Do you trust her?	你相信她吗
A cold front swept over Europe.	一股寒流侵袭了欧洲
Tom didn't deny he did that.	汤姆没有否认他做的事情
The boy I love doesn't love me.	我爱的那个男孩不爱我
We consider it a blessing.	我们把它当作恩惠
Why do you say that?	你为什么那样说
Tom hates spiders.	汤姆恨蜘蛛
I need to go to the toilet.	我要去方便一下
Does he write letters in English?	他用英文写信吗
He cheated on the biology exam.	他在生物学考试时作弊
I can play Chopin.	我会弹萧邦
She failed the examination and I was greatly disappointed.	令我非常伤心的是她考砸了
Thanks for agreeing to come.	谢谢你答应到来
Could I try to do it?	我可以尝试着做吗
Please save electricity.	请节约用电
Is anybody home?	家里有没有人
You have everything.	您全都有
Do you know if she can speak English?	你知道她会说英语吗
Tom seems nice.	汤姆看着是个好人
Just as he was going out, there was a great earthquake.	就在他要出门的时候
I can understand you to some extent.	在某种程度上我能了解你
That's a small tree.	那是棵小树
Where is nearest American Express office?	最近的美国运通办公室在哪里
Nobody supported her.	没人支持她
When people meet, first impressions determine more than 50 percent of whatever happens next.	在人际交往中
My grandfather's photograph is on the wall.	我祖父的照片在墙上挂着
This pencil is better than that one.	这支铅笔比那只好
I prefer cats to dogs.	比起狗
Your problems don't concern me.	你的问题和我没有关系
I like your room.	我喜欢你的房间
This is the best restaurant I know of.	这是我所知道的最好的餐厅
The man tried to install his own antenna.	这男人试着安装他自己的天线
I want to make a pie.	我想做个派
I'm the last one who saw Tom.	我是最后一个见过汤姆的人
All of them are not poor.	他们都不穷
Please think about it.	请你考虑考虑
This is a Chinese fan.	这是一把中式扇子
If I were invisible I wouldn't have to dress myself.	若我是隐形的
I'm an atheist.	我是无神论者
She successfully got him to tell the truth.	她成功地从他口中得知了真相
There's something odd going on.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
Tom is taking a shower.	Tom	在洗澡
Spring is coming soon.	春天就要来了
Africa is a continent, but Greenland isn't.	非洲是一个大陆
Tom said it was a diamond.	汤姆说它是钻石
She lives in a two-story house.	她住在一栋两层楼的房子
Tom should be happy.	汤姆应该高兴
He passed his property on to his son.	他把他的财产传给了他儿子
Do you want to eat noodles or rice?	你吃面条还是吃饭
Tell Tom everything is fine.	告诉汤姆一切都好
Tom gave us nothing.	汤姆什么也没给我们
Is this your pen?	这是你的笔吗
We really enjoyed ourselves.	我们真的玩得很开心
I want a little money.	我想要点钱
The simplest way is often the best way to solve a problem.	解决问题最简便的方法往往是最好的办法
I've already eaten lunch.	我已经吃过午餐了
Tom wished he hadn't borrowed the book from Mary.	汤姆希望他没有从玛丽那里借书
I am doubtful whether he will come.	我怀疑他是否会来
I'm studying in the library.	我正在图书馆学习
He is taller than me by a head.	他比我高一个头
Do you feel like you can't connect with other people?	您觉得您无法与他人交流吗
We'll go when the rain stops.	当雨停了
Yesterday was cloudy.	昨天是多云
We're not the ones getting married.	我们不是结了婚的人
How was the seminar?	这个研讨会怎么样
This clock isn't working.	这表不走了
She asked for my help.	她向我求助
She likes to cook for her family.	她喜欢为她的家人做饭
He is always a little irritable in the morning.	他早上总是有点脾气暴躁
She was wearing pumps.	她穿著舞鞋
My father grows rice.	我爸种水稻
Democracy encourages freedom.	民主支持自由
You're a beautiful woman.	你是个美人
She may come.	她可以来
I don't know if that's what Tom wants or not.	我不知道那是不是汤姆想要的
He did his best to help her.	他尽力帮她了
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.	有人拿错了我的鞋
This is secret between you and me.	这是我们之间的秘密
How can you afford a place like this?	我们怎么付得起这种地方的钱
I can't afford a car.	我买不起车子
We're not stupid.	我们不傻
We've had a most delightful day.	我们过了最愉快的一天
I wish you success.	祝你成功
There aren't supposed to be any men in this house.	这家里应该没有男人才对
Just a moment, please.	请稍等一下
In case of fire, push the button.	万一发生火灾
Are you going to come back?	你要回来吗
I can't fall asleep.	我睡不著
I just threw up.	我刚才吐了
I'll give you a prescription.	我会给你开个药方
That house belongs to him.	这栋房子是属于他的
Nice to see you.	见到你真好
Tom left his sunglasses on the dashboard of my car.	汤姆把他的太阳镜留在我的车的仪表板上了
This is not important.	这不重要
She gave me whatever help I needed.	她给了我任何我需要的帮助
The snails are eating our lettuce.	蜗牛在吃我们的生菜
What happened to Tom could happen to you.	汤姆身上发生的事也可能发生到你身上
I helped her wash dishes.	我帮她洗碗
He is acquainted with the mayor.	他认识市长
I think it won't succeed.	我认为它不会成功
In 1848, people came to California to dig for gold.	1848	年人们来加利福尼亚淘金
My room looks out on the street.	从我的房间望出去是街道
A good idea occurred to him.	他想到一个好主意
It is not a watch.	这不是手表
What do you do?	你的职业是什么
Tom heard a shout.	汤姆听到了一声喊叫
I've got nothing to hide.	我没什么可隐藏
It took me three days to read through this book.	它花了我三天时间去阅读这本书
Ask your dad to help you.	请你父亲帮你
He was held in captivity.	他被囚禁了
This has nothing to do with me.	此事与我无关
Tom was puzzled by what Mary said.	汤姆被玛丽说的话给难倒了
I'm going out for a while.	我出去一会儿
Tom misses Boston.	汤姆想念波士顿了
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.	一个句子以一个大写字母开始
You'll love it.	你会爱它
She looked after the children.	她照顾孩子们
Who buys this type of art?	谁买这种艺术品
How long did it take you to translate this book?	你用了多少时间来翻译这本书
Grab this.	抓住这个
I am not certain about that.	对于那个
I'll go by myself.	我会自己走
Our school begins at eight-thirty.	我们学校在八点半开始上课
We can't afford to make mistakes.	我们承担不了犯错的后果
The city was full of starving soldiers.	城市里充满了饥饿的士兵
She's about the same age as me.	她大约跟我同年纪
Who's your favorite TV star?	谁是你最喜爱的电视明星
I can't believe you bought this.	我不信你买了这个东西
She came here as soon as she heard it.	她一来这里就听到了
Stop pulling your sister's hair.	别再扯你姐姐的头发了
She lived for a long time.	她活了很久
Where did you guys go?	你们这些家伙去哪儿了
What do you like doing in your free time?	您空闲时间喜欢做什么
They say that he will never return.	他们说他再也不会回来了
Tom was the worst.	汤姆是最坏的
Could you say that one more time?	你能再说一次吗
We know so little about you.	我们对你知道得不多
The fish he caught yesterday is still alive.	他昨天抓住的鱼一直还活着
In comparison with Tokyo, London is small.	和东京比
Tom translated a letter from French to English for his boss.	汤姆为他的老板把一封信从法语翻译成了英语
The longer I stayed in Paris, the more I liked it.	在巴黎待得越久
How are you going to help Tom?	你要怎么帮汤姆
This medicine has no side effects.	这药没有副作用
I hung the calendar on the wall.	我把日历挂在墙上
She knows how to play the guitar.	她知道如何弹吉他
You're still green.	你还年轻
You should make notes.	你应该做笔记
Grab a hold of the rope.	抓住绳子
The accident held up traffic.	事故耽误了交通
Imagination affects every aspect of our lives.	想像力影响着我们生活的各个方面
Nobody answered my question.	没人回答我的问题
The losses are incalculable.	损失是无法估计的
It is necessary for you to go there.	你有必要到那里去
Modern ships only need a small crew.	现代船只只需要一小组的船员
Tom sat on that park bench for nearly three hours.	汤姆在公园的长椅上坐了将近三个小时
He came all the way from Chicago.	他从芝加哥远道而来了
I handed the mike to him.	我把麦克风递给他
A friend in need is a friend indeed.	患难见真情
You don't have to work on Sundays.	星期天的时候
I suspect that they water down the beer in that pub.	我怀疑那家酒馆的啤酒兑水了
I can't believe you love me.	我不能相信你爱我
It took us half an hour to set up the tent.	搭帐篷花了我们半小时
Tom has something else to say.	汤姆还有想说的事
That is how I learned English.	我就是这么学会英语的
I opened the box and looked inside.	我打开盒子看看里面
School starts in September in Europe.	欧洲的学校在九月开学
I didn't go to school last month.	我上个月没上学
I'd like to cash a travelers' check.	我想兑换旅行支票
The offer is too good to be turned down.	此提议好得令人难以拒绝
It's getting dark. I wonder if it's going to rain.	天变暗了
Tom always makes me laugh.	汤姆总是让我笑
Promises aren't enough.	承诺是不够的
I work for three hours every Sunday morning.	我每个周末早上工作三小时
I can't get away from work now.	我现在上班无法离开
Someone stole my passport.	我的护照被人偷了
We can rest.	我们可以休息
You should've been more careful.	你应该更小心的
Turn the knob and open the door.	转动门把
He asked me to speak more slowly.	他要求我讲慢一点
A plastic dish will melt on the stove.	塑料盘子在烤箱里会化的
Please help yourself to the cake.	你自己拿蛋糕吃吧
He showed us his mother's picture.	他给我们看他母亲的照片
It's time to hit the sack.	睡觉时间到了
Tom is no fool.	汤姆不是白痴
We will have learned English for five years next year.	到明年我们学英语就有
There are four members in my family.	我家有四个人
He pretended that he was a lawyer.	他假装是一位律师
He came from a tiny mountain town.	他来自一个小山城
I read the novel in three days.	那部小说我看了三天
This is the best restaurant I know.	这是我知道的最好的餐馆
Tom is a good worker.	汤姆是个好工人
In another two weeks you will be able to get out of the hospital.	再过两周你就可以出院了
We give a 10% discount for cash.	如用现金付款
Some people never grow up.	有些人永远也长不大
Which bed do you want to use?	你想睡哪张床
He is included among my friends.	他是我的朋友之一
Take it.	拿走吧
Sometimes you get lucky.	你有时候真走运
He bought the land for the purpose of building a house on it.	他买土地目的是要造房子
I know that she is Spanish.	我知道她是西班牙人
Tom is on the baseball team.	Tom	在棒球队里
Sumo is a traditional Japanese sport.	相扑是日本传统的体育活动
I can't bear to see animals suffer.	我无法忍受看着动物受苦
I have nothing to do with the crime.	这个犯罪和我一点关系都没有
I may give up soon and just take a nap.	也许我会马上放弃然后去打盹
Have you answered that letter yet?	你回信了吗
Choose your favorite racket.	选择你喜欢的球拍
Do you watch TV?	您看电视吗
He made me sing on the stage.	他让我在舞台上唱歌
I really want to know what's going on.	我真想知道发生了什么
She declared that she was not guilty.	她声称自己没罪
It's no use telling me anything.	对我说什么都是没用的
They went to America last month.	他们上个月去美国
I wonder if I hurt Tom's feelings.	我不知道我是不是伤害了汤姆的感情
The revolution has brought about many changes.	这场革命已经带来了很多改变
I don't think that he's honest.	我不觉得他诚实
Water evaporates when it is heated.	当水被加热时
In case of emergency, call the police.	在紧急情况下
We headed for the mountain cottage.	我们向山间小屋走去
I am six feet tall.	我六英尺高
Lake Biwa is the largest lake in Japan.	琵琶湖是日本最大的湖
It's not as easy to do that as people think.	这并不像一般人觉得的那么容易
I told Tom that I thought that it was a good idea.	我和汤姆说了
I usually stay indoors on Sunday.	星期天我通常待在家里
I don't know anything about their plan.	我对他们的计划一无所知
Mutual understanding promotes peace.	相互理解能促进和平
How's it going at school?	学校怎么样
Could you exchange rooms with me?	可以跟我交换房间吗
I help my mother with the housework every day.	我每天都帮我妈做家务
They said the situation was only temporary.	他们说情况只是暂时的
Let's take the children to the zoo.	让我们带孩子们去动物园
We kept them quiet.	我们让他们保持安静
A couple from Boston was also killed.	来自波士顿的一对夫妇也被杀害了
May I have a talk with you?	我能和你谈谈吗
You're a good painter, aren't you?	你是个很棒的画家
I'm afraid of dogs.	我怕狗
He became an orphan when he was ten.	十岁时他就成了孤儿
I like grape jelly best.	葡萄味的果冻是我最喜欢的
Please have a drink.	喝点儿什么
It just gets worse.	它变糟了
Which book is yours?	哪本书是您的
Eat a lot of vegetables.	多吃点蔬菜
My dog goes everywhere with me.	我的狗总是跟著我
I've finished reading that book.	我读完了那本书
I got a hole in my jeans.	我的牛仔裤破了一个洞
I'm not wearing pants.	我没穿裤子
In a sense, she is right, too.	从某种意义上来说
They all went to the restaurant.	他们都去了这家餐厅
I barely escaped being hit by the truck.	我差点被卡车撞上
Only one person survived the accident.	只有一人幸免于难
We graduate from high school at eighteen.	我们在十八岁的时候从高中毕业了
I think I have a question.	我觉的有一个问题
Did she show you the picture?	她给你看过照片了吗
I ate the apple.	我吃了这个苹果
I hope people are satisfied.	我希望人们满意
I can't see anything from here.	我从这里什么也看不见
I think you're lying.	我觉得你在撒谎
We may need some.	我们可能需要一些
Would you please tell me the way?	请你告诉我路怎么走好吗
We meet here once a week.	我们每周在这儿聚一次
She worked from morning till night.	她从早上工作到夜晚
He quickly accustomed himself to his new surroundings.	他很快就适应了新环境
I'd like to know the exact time.	我想知道确切的时间
It's just a dream.	只是一场梦而已
Nagoya lies between Tokyo and Osaka.	名古屋在东京和大阪之间
I can't answer you now.	我现在不能回答你
The situation is worse than I'd thought.	情况比我想的还坏
Although the government refuses to admit it, its economic policy is in ruins.	尽管政府拒绝承认
You've been late for school more often than before.	你比以前更容易上课迟到了
My sister is older than my brother.	我姐姐比我哥哥大
Can I see the menu, please?	麻烦给我菜单
My sister is shorter than you.	我妹妹比你矮
She grew up to be a veterinarian.	她长大后成为了一名兽医
They are satisfied.	他们满意了
I'm afraid that you'll have to go in person.	我恐怕您必须亲自去
She did not visit me on Sunday but on Monday.	她没有在星期天来找我
Will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me?	您能为我解释这句句子的意思吗
These flowers are beautiful, aren't they?	这些花很美
Please peel the potatoes.	请把马铃薯的皮削掉
Why don't we have dinner?	为甚么我们不吃晚饭
Please show me your injured arm.	请让我看看你受伤的手臂
I'd like to be alone if you don't mind.	如果你不介意的话
How does this work?	这是怎么运行的
You've got something stuck in your teeth.	牙齿卡了点东西
We need to go.	我们必须走了
Tom stopped me from entering the bank.	汤姆阻止我进银行
The town was destroyed by the flood after the storm.	小镇被暴风雨后的洪水摧毁了
I have no problem with my boss.	我和老板没有问题
Whether he comes or not, I'll go.	不论他来或不来
I understand the concept.	我明白这概念
Did you ski yesterday?	昨天你滑雪了吗
I've missed so much.	我错过了太多
Let me know about the result of the exam.	告诉我考试结果
Drive safely.	安全地驾驶
He speaks poor French.	他讲不好法语
Demand for occupational therapy has surged in recent years.	这几年对作业疗法的需求在迅速增长
He has a wonderful personality.	他有一个很好的性格
The buses run every ten minutes.	公共汽车每
She cannot do without her car.	没有车她做不了事
The table is covered with powder.	桌上布满了粉末
The days are getting longer and longer.	白天渐渐地越来越长
It is dangerous to drive so fast.	车开得这么快很危险
They attempted to break through the enemy line.	他们试图冲破敌军防线
Let's play.	让我们玩耍吧
He doesn't tan.	他晒不黑
Tom will go there tomorrow.	汤姆明天会去那里
You have to start somewhere.	你必须有一个出发点
Our child likes dogs, but I prefer cats.	我们的孩子喜欢狗
I did that as soon as Tom told me I needed to.	我在汤姆告诉我我需要做时就立刻做了
How much time do you estimate it'll take you to do that?	你估计做那件事需要花费你多少时间呢
You should sleep for eight hours a day.	你应该每天睡八个小时觉
I think she is very brave.	我觉得她很勇敢
Her father devoted his life to science.	她父亲把一生都贡献给科学事业了
I caught my finger in the door.	我的手被门夹到了
She was making tea.	她正在泡茶
We'll continue.	我们要继续下去
Did you remember that you were supposed to buy candles?	你记得自己该买蜡烛吗
The money you give them will be put to good use.	你给他们的钱会用到好处
He doesn't altogether trust me.	他并不完全信任我
If you need a pen, I'll lend you one.	如果你需要笔的话
It's fairly warm today.	今天相当暖和
I cleared the table.	我清理了桌子
Hello!	你好
When I hear this song, I think of you, and miss you.	当我听到这首歌
I made Tom eat it.	我让汤姆吃它
Our train arrived on time.	我们的火车准时来到
I'm still angry.	我还是很气
Where do you study?	你在哪读书
I should obey.	我应该服从
I heard a car pull up.	我听到一辆车停了下来
She traveled all over the world.	她周游世界各地
Can I borrow some money from you?	我可以向你借一些钱
You're an idiot.	你个傻子
He was busy with his homework.	他忙于做功课
The ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight.	湖上的冰太薄了
You weren't here then.	你那时不在这里
Today was fun.	今天很有趣
Are you feeling tired?	你觉得累吗
What's the purpose of your visit?	您此行的目的是什么
I love movies.	我爱电影
Do you have your driver's license?	你有驾驶执照吗
Edison was not a bright student.	爱迪生不是个优秀的学生
Would you care for another glass of beer?	再来一杯啤酒怎么样
May I pay with a travelers' check?	我可以用旅行支票支付吗
I'd wear a helmet.	我要戴头盔
Has Tom gone insane?	Tom	疯了吗
Hope to see you again next year.	希望明年再次见到你
Tom knows a lot of people.	汤姆熟人多
We enjoyed ourselves at the party.	我们在派对上玩得很开心
He is the man you met the other day.	他是你前些时候见过的那个人
Should I wash the lettuce?	我应该洗莴苣吗
I'm busy all the time.	我总是忙碌
We had a lot of visitors yesterday.	我们昨天有许多访客
I wish you a happy birthday.	我祝你生日快乐
My mother is writing a letter now.	我母亲现在正在写一封信
Should I help you?	我该帮你吗
The simplest solutions are always the best.	解决问题最简便的方法往往是最好的办法
Today is Thursday.	今天是星期四
He bought the land for the purpose of building a house on it.	他买土地的目的是要造房子
Ask Tom again.	再问一下汤姆吧
I thought that we had agreed on this.	我认为我们己经同意了
I have to hurry!	我要赶紧了
This isn't a tiger.	这不是老虎
He will succeed to the throne.	他会继承王位
I'm going to Europe next week.	我下周要去欧洲
In this case, the adjective goes before the noun.	在这种情况下
I'm having some problems compiling this software.	我编译这个程序有些困难
Not even one taxi stopped.	甚至没有一辆计程车停下来
Tom fell asleep.	汤姆睡着了
We enjoyed listening to the music.	我们喜欢听音乐
Tom had to sell his house.	汤姆必须卖了他的房子
Tom watched in horror.	汤姆惊恐地盯着
We had a lot of rain yesterday.	昨天下很多雨
We could do something big.	我们能做点大事
You've got a big hole in your sock.	你的袜子上有个大洞
I'm sorry to cause you all this trouble.	我很抱歉给你惹来所有的这些麻烦
He showed interest in the plan.	他对这个计划表示了兴趣
Do you have any free time this weekend?	这个周末你有时间吗
Who did you give that to?	你把东西交给谁了
You must not speak loudly.	你不该大声说话
He relies on his wife financially.	他经济上依靠他的太太
I found what I was looking for.	我找到了我正在找的东西
Tom wanted to see Mary's room.	汤姆想看看玛丽的房间
I get chapped lips every winter.	每年冬天
He has dozens of English books.	他有几十本的英文书籍
I'd rather you stayed at home.	我宁愿你待在家里
Please leave.	请你离开
When are you going home?	你什么时候要回家
She picked flowers in the garden.	她在花园里摘花
History repeats itself.	历史自会重演
You are too sensitive to criticism.	你对批评太敏感了
This blue sweater is very pretty.	这件蓝色毛衣很漂亮
How could I be a robot? Robots can't dream.	我怎么可能是机器人呢
Will I have a scar?	我会留疤吗
I have to take medicine.	我必须吃药
I attended the meeting yesterday.	昨天我出席了会议
Take things a little more seriously.	对事情比较正经严肃
Can you finish this in three days?	您可以在三天内完成吗
She will be here this evening.	她今天晚上将在这里
She knows your mother very well.	她对你的母亲很熟悉
The cat is eating.	这只猫在吃东西
The news made her sad.	这个消息让她很伤心
He lives next door to us.	他住在我们隔壁
Tom wants to spend more time with his family.	汤姆想多把时间花在他的家庭上
I want to ask him for his phone number.	我想问他的电话号码是多少
With the T.V. on, how can you keep your mind on your studies?	你开着电视怎么能安心学习呢
Tom's diabetic.	汤姆是糖尿病患者
It's unlike him to get so angry.	这么生气不像他
She won't be back till five.	她五点前不会回来
She dusts the furniture every day.	她每天擦拭家具的灰尘
I was to blame.	这是我的错
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother.	汤姆叔叔是我妈妈的兄弟
There is a church near my house.	我家附近有一座教堂
Tom recently found a good job.	汤姆最近找到了一份好工作
This tape recorder is not new.	这个磁带录音机不是新的
It's time for dinner.	吃晚饭的时间到了
Health is more important than wealth.	健康胜于财富
I hate mosquitoes.	我恨蚊子
Don't talk to me like that.	不要这样对我讲话
Have you ever been robbed?	你被抢劫过吗
Where's the phone book?	电话簿在哪里
How many years did Tom work here?	汤姆在这里工作了几年
You ought to have come to see me yesterday.	你昨天应该来看我的
I am learning two foreign languages.	我学两种外语
His mother sat up all night waiting for her son.	他的妈妈坐了一整夜
Tom missed it.	汤姆错过了它
War may break out at any moment.	战争随时可能爆发
Millions were affected that day.	那天有数百万人受影响
Tom and Mary don't like dancing.	汤姆和玛丽不喜欢跳舞
I know what you meant.	我知道你是什么意思
I will give you the money tomorrow.	我明天会给你钱
I'm not famous.	我不出名
I ran as fast as possible.	我跑得尽可能快
Tom got here before sunrise.	汤姆天亮前就到这了
He's afraid of making mistakes.	他很怕出错
The coffee is cold.	咖啡是冷的
She may have missed the 7:00 train.	她可能错过了七点的火车
Hit Tom.	去打汤姆
Is this your book?	这是你的书吗
This ticket is good for three days.	这张票的有效期是三天
Please tell me why Tom was fired.	请告诉我为什么汤姆被炒了
He is sure to succeed.	他一定会成功
Is this something you want?	这是你要的吗
They all love me.	他们都爱我
Who's that man?	那男人是谁
He grew up to be a doctor.	他长大后成为了一名医生
Are you reading an interesting book?	你在读有趣的的书吗
She accompanied me on the piano.	她为我作钢琴伴奏
This is not salt.	这不是盐
Tom was the first to react.	汤姆是最先作出反应的
I'm afraid you misunderstood me.	恐怕你误解我了
What is new?	有什么新鲜事吗
I'll deal with this problem as soon as I can.	我会尽快处理这问题
She dived into the swimming pool.	她跳入了游泳池
You're invited, too.	你也被邀请了
You worry too much about your weight.	你太担心您的体重了
I'd like to try out this new model before I buy it.	我想在买之前先试试这个新机型
Can anyone pronounce this word?	有人能发这个词的音吗
What fruit do you like the best?	你们最喜欢什么水果
I could not convince him of his mistake.	我没能让他认识到他的错误
Yesterday I did not play tennis.	我昨天没有打网球
My father objected to our marriage.	我的父亲反对我们的婚姻
She said that she had been happy.	她说她以前很快乐
Did you cut the paper?	你裁切纸张了吗
My sister resembles my grandmother.	我的姐姐就像我的祖母
We were on the same train by chance.	我们偶然间乘了同一列列车
He ate all of it.	他全吃光了
Tom has a veterinary background.	Tom	有兽医背景
English is taught in most countries.	大部份的国家都教英语
Tom overslept.	汤姆睡过头了
Paper is made from wood.	纸是由木制成的
Do you know which book sells well now?	你知道现在哪本书卖得好吗
This chair is ugly.	这把椅子很难看
He accelerated.	他提速了
Somebody has stolen my suitcase.	有人偷了我的行李
She made the same mistake again.	她又犯了同样的错误了
Yesterday was the last day of school.	昨天是最后一天上学
Tom is good at cooking.	汤姆擅长烹饪
The car is in the garage.	车在车库里
They never tell a lie.	他们从不说谎
Tom poured himself another glass of wine.	汤姆又给自己倒了一杯酒
Tom is really gifted.	汤姆真有才华
They laughed at my idea.	他们嘲笑我的想法
They got into the train.	她们上了火车
Why don't you want to tell us the truth?	为甚么你不想告诉我们真相
How long have you been in here?	你来这里多久了
Does that belong to Tom?	这是汤姆的东西吗
Tom is a fat man.	汤姆是个胖子
Why didn't you lock the door?	你为甚么不锁门
Do you have a pencil?	你有铅笔吗
I couldn't put up with her arrogant behavior.	我无法忍受她傲慢的态度
I think that it's unlikely Tom will get elected.	我觉得汤姆不太可能会当选
Guess what happened to me.	猜猜我遇到什么事了
I have a bad toothache.	我牙痛得厉害
I went there yesterday.	昨天我去了那里
He was scared you would shoot him.	他害怕你会开枪打他
Tom likes to play baseball.	汤姆喜欢打棒球
What do you want to say to me?	你想跟我说什么
You should stay away from Tom.	你应该离汤姆远点儿
Pretend you're me.	假装你是我
Because of the storm, we had no choice but to stay at home.	因为暴风雨的关系
He wrote one letter.	他写了一封信
I sell flowers.	我卖花
The fight is over.	斗争结束了
What have you done with my pen?	你把我的笔怎么了
See you then.	到时候见
I didn't tell them.	我没告诉他们
Have you ever heard of such a thing?	你听说过这样的事吗
Whose is this bicycle?	这辆自行车是谁的
Coming! I'll be there in a minute!	马上
Close your eyes.	闭上你们的眼睛
They eat dinner at twelve o'clock.	他们在
Can you give me a discount?	你能给我折扣吗
Who are you looking for, Tom?	你在找谁
It's night.	是晚上了
Tom said that he wanted to cry.	汤姆说他想哭
I had my brother repair my bicycle.	我让我哥修理我的自行车
He had the privilege of a private education.	他享有私人教学的特权
He's not as tall as you are.	他没你高
Could you please lend me thirty dollars?	请问你能借给我三十美圆吗
It's ten minutes' walk to the station.	步行到车站要花十分钟
His hat isn't on straight.	他的帽子没戴正
World War II ended in 1945.	第二次世界大战结束于
I should've chosen a shorter username.	我该用短一点的用户名的
I was stung by a bee.	我被蜜蜂蛰了一下
All of my attempts have failed.	我所有的尝试都失败了
He left the book on the table.	他在桌子上留下了这本书
Turn the radio up a little.	把收音机开大声一点
I'm sitting in the railway station.	我坐在火车站里
He felt his heart beating fast.	他觉得他的心跳加速
I wish Tom could've been there.	我希望汤姆能在那里
It never rains but it pours.	祸不单行
How old do you think Tom is?	你觉得汤姆有多大
Don't forget to put out the fire.	不要忘了熄火
When I came home, I felt very hungry.	我回到家的时候
I waited for her for a really long time.	我真的等了她很长一段时间
Tom isn't a good person.	汤姆不是好人
He's sharp-witted.	他脑子很灵光
Tom donates half his salary to his favorite charity.	汤姆捐一半他的薪水给他最喜欢的慈善机构
Mary placed her baby in a car seat for the flight.	航程中玛丽把她的宝宝放在婴儿汽车座椅上
He failed the exam, but he doesn't care too much.	他考试失败了
Tom made me do that.	是汤姆让我做的
Is it true you're trying to do that?	你真的要试着那样做吗
I know I heard something.	我知道我听到了什么
I started writing a book.	我开始写一本书
Tom didn't write back to Mary.	汤姆没回复玛丽
How old will you be next year?	明年你会是几岁
I'm thinking about you.	我正考虑到你
Could you possibly suggest a way to solve the problem?	你能提出解决问题的方法吗
I'm sorry I don't agree with you on that matter.	很抱歉那个问题我不赞成你
It was a very stupid decision.	这是一个十分愚蠢的决定
I'm not moving to Boston.	我不搬去波士顿
We'll find some other way to do that.	再想别的办法吧
Tom isn't the only one here who's a good singer.	汤姆不是这里唯一的好歌手
He is glad to hear the news.	他很高兴听到这个消息
Is he tall?	他长得高吗
Tom was confused, too.	汤姆也很混乱
Two people can enter with this ticket.	两个人可以用这张票入场
Tom didn't tell me the truth.	汤姆没有告诉我实话
The moon is shining.	月光在照耀著
At night, she gazed at the moon.	她在夜晚望著月亮
Let your hair down a little.	稍微随意一点
I don't know how to put it in Japanese.	我不知道这个用日语该怎么说
He's not always at home on Sundays.	他星期日并不总是在家
Tom has only a week to decide.	汤姆只有一周时间做决定
Tom and Mary switched places on the bench.	汤姆和玛丽在长凳上交换了位置
Have you eaten lunch yet?	你吃过午饭了吗
It was discovered by Tom.	它是由汤姆发现的
I will let you know in advance.	我会让你提前知道
Doing this is a lot of fun.	这样做很有趣
He fixed the net.	他修好了网
He was standing at the door.	他站在了门口
The children returned home at dusk.	夜幕降临时
School is over at 3:30.	学校
It is said that treasure is buried in this area.	据说这个区域埋着财宝
She thought of a good solution.	她想到了一个好的解决办法
I've still got things to do.	我还有点事
He has been teaching for 20 years.	他已经教了
Tom lives in a slum.	汤姆住在贫民窟里
Will ten thousand yen do?	一万日元够吗
The old man made out his will.	这位老先生立了他的遗嘱
The meat has gone bad.	这肉已经坏了
She's still dependent on her parents.	她现在依然依靠父母生活
I washed the dishes after supper.	晚饭后我洗了碗碟
I saw a girl with long hair.	我看见一个长头发的女生
The king will appear in person tomorrow evening.	国王明晚会亲自出现
I want a guitar.	我想要一把吉他
The other day I went fishing for the first time in my life.	前几天人生第一次去钓鱼了
Hang in there.	坚持
There's no one in your bedroom.	你的卧室里没有人
Where do you suppose you'll spend your vacation?	你认为你会到哪儿度假
How old is that painting?	那幅画有多少年了
I live near the sea, so I often go to the beach.	我住在海边所以经常去海滩
He will be back tomorrow.	明天他会回来
He played the part of Hamlet.	他扮演哈姆雷特的角色
I think you're really amazing.	我觉得你真是让人大吃一惊
How did Tom talk Mary into babysitting his children?	汤姆是怎么说服玛丽照顾他的小孩的呢
This sofa can seat three people easily.	这张沙发起码可以坐三个人
What would you all like to eat?	你们想吃什么
Can you repeat that, please?	能不能请你重复一下
She's on a diet.	她在节食
I don't know what I should do now.	我不知道现在应该做什么
I feel like I'm going to faint.	我觉得我快昏倒了
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.	我期待您的消息
I have too many things on my mind these days.	这几天我脑袋里的事情太多了
If it's raining tomorrow, we'll go there by car.	如果明天下雨
I don't like to go out after dark.	我天黑后不喜欢出门
Time's up.	时间到了
People were evacuated because of the flood.	人们因为洪水被疏散了
They were all hoarse from shouting.	他们全都叫到沙哑了
He is not qualified for the job.	他不胜任这份工作
The horse stopped and wouldn't move.	这匹马停下来不动了
What time do you open?	你们什么时候开始营业
That's the point.	这正是问题的关键
Have a good Christmas.	祝您有一个愉快的圣诞节
My camera can shoot high-definition video.	我的录像机可以拍高清视频
Eat up all your spinach!	把你的菠菜都吃掉
My memory failed me. I just could not remember his name.	我的记性不好
I want another slice of bread.	我要另一片面包
Watch my camera for me.	帮我看著我的相机
It is rude to point at others.	指著别人是不礼貌的
You should put safety before everything else.	你应该把安全放在其他一切之上
The car isn't worth repairing.	这车不值得修了
I've eaten one apple.	我吃了一个苹果
I can swim very fast.	我游泳可以游得很快
Love blinded him to her faults.	爱情让他盲目到看不到她的错
You're going too far.	你太过分了
I will be free in ten minutes.	我十分钟后有空
What you said is not true.	你说的不是真的
A dog followed me home.	一只狗跟随我回家
I can win this time.	我这回能赢
Your English has improved a lot.	你的英语进步了很多
I wish you had told me the truth then.	但愿你那时候就告诉我真相
Tom was too scared to say anything.	汤姆吓得说不出话
How often do you have to see the dentist?	你多久看一次牙医
You are free to do as you please with your money.	你可以随你高兴的用你的钱
A computer is a complex machine.	电脑是个复杂的机器
It is difficult to satisfy everyone.	众口难调
You must pay attention to him.	你必须注意他
"Do you know when they will arrive?" "At eleven-thirty this evening."	你知道他们什么时候到吗
Could you turn down the radio?	您能把收音机开小声一点吗
A panel of experts discussed the plan.	一个专家小组讨论这个计划
It'll cost around ten thousand yen.	这将花费约
I really want to see you.	好想见到你
She is old enough to know better.	她年纪够大该懂事了
The law is quite clear.	法律很清楚
You have to leave.	你们得走了
He cured my illness.	我的病给他治好了
There is one apple on the desk.	书桌上有一个苹果
Tom never did what we asked him to do.	我们叫汤姆做什么
I saw him reading a book.	我看见他在读一本书
He is telling a lie.	他说谎
There's only one window in my room.	我的房间里只有一个窗户
Can't you lower your voice?	你不能小声点说话吗
How often do the buses depart?	公共汽车多久发车一次
It was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man.	他对一个生病的男人说这种事真是没良心
Put the book back on the shelf.	把书放回书架上
The traveler was delighted at the sight of a light in the distance.	发现了远处的灯光的旅行者欢喜不已
Can I have a bottle of red wine?	请来瓶红酒
The horse is a useful animal.	马是种很有用的动物
I was wrong.	我搞错了
She spread the butter on the bread.	她把奶油涂在面包上
He had a hungry look.	他面有饥色
I have trouble breathing.	我呼吸困难
I think that it's true.	我认为这是真的
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.	坚持做对的事情
I haven't seen a thing.	我什么都没看见
She handed him the key.	她递给了他钥匙
I hope he'll wait for me.	我希望他会等我
Is the snake alive or dead?	这条蛇是活的还是死的
Can I call you Tom?	我可以叫您汤姆吗
Have you ever loved a man?	你曾经爱过一个男人吗
I majored in chemistry at the university.	我在大学主修化学
Even a child can do it.	即便是小孩子也能做到呢
The number of people who go abroad has been increasing.	出国的人数一直在增加
I'm very hungry.	我很饿
I always dreamed of being a billionaire.	我总是梦想著成为亿万富翁
I don't sleep well.	我睡不好
This house is mine.	这房子是我的
All the world speaks English.	世界各地都说英语
Some people shouldn't be forgiven.	有些人不应该原谅
Let me cut the carrots.	让我来切胡萝卜
My father is a doctor.	我父亲是个大夫
This isn't what I ordered.	这不是我点的食物
Be careful on your way back home.	回家的路上注意安全
Stay out of my kitchen.	别进我的厨房
He takes a walk every morning.	他每天早上都散步
To put it briefly, I do not agree.	简而言之
How much money do I owe you?	我欠你多少钱
I hit him in the belly.	我打了他的肚子
Please come as soon as possible.	请尽快过来
You should tell the truth.	你该把事实说出来
What did you go to Kyoto for?	你为什么去京都
Hand me the remote.	把遥控器递给我
I'd like a nonstop flight to New York.	我想要一个直飞纽约的航班
I'll come as often as possible.	我会来尽可能常来
I like candy.	我喜欢甜食
I like to ride on trains.	我喜欢乘坐火车
I'm surprised you agreed to have lunch with me.	我很讶异你愿意和我一起吃午餐
Mary succeeded in her studies.	玛丽在研究上成功了
Cut the melon into six equal pieces.	把瓜切成六等分
Tom is just a crazy old man.	汤姆只是一个疯老头
They moved here three years ago.	他们三年前搬到了这里
Let's have dinner together.	一起吃晚饭吧
Don't tell anyone this.	不要告诉任何人这件事
Is it still far from here?	离这里还远吗
I got a call from him.	我接到了他打来的电话
Take off your hats.	把你们的帽子摘下来
Tom said he keeps a gun in his home.	汤姆说他的家里有把枪
I can't wait to go on a vacation.	我等不及要去度假
You look like you're confused.	你看起来有困惑
We have some encouraging news.	我们有一些令人鼓舞的消息
My house is near the school.	我的家离学校很近
How was your summer?	夏天过得怎么样
In the light of what you told us, I think we should revise our plan.	根据你所说的话
You're much less likely to get a good position if you don't speak English.	如果你不会说英语
Everyone's tired of hearing that story.	每个人都听腻了那个故事
He resigned and fled the country.	他辞职后逃离了这个国家
She is aged seventeen.	她十七岁了
Tom is a real good man.	汤姆是个很好的人
Please get dressed.	请穿衣服
He wanted to reduce the tax on imports.	他想要减少进口品的税
You look as healthy as ever.	你看起来健康如昔
We need competent leaders.	我们需要称职的领导人
Which one is my toothbrush?	哪把是我的牙刷
He amassed a large fortune before he died.	他死前累积了庞大的财富
A dog will bark at strangers.	狗会对陌生人叫
I poured water into the bucket.	我将水倒入了桶中
You idiot!	蠢货
Everyone held their breath to see who would win the presidential election.	所有人都屏住呼吸关注着谁会赢得总统竞选
I'm really looking forward to summer vacation.	我真的非常期待暑假
I remember returning the book to the library.	我记得我把书还到图书馆了
Tom is used to getting up early in the morning.	汤姆习惯早起
The shopping center is one mile ahead.	这个购物中心在前面一英里远的地方
I went without food for a week.	我一星期没带食物去
Tom was at home.	汤姆在家的
What a pity!	真是太可惜了
Sometimes adults behave like children.	有时候成人表现得像儿童
This is a good textbook.	这本课本很好
Would you like a drink?	你想喝点什么吗
You thought I didn't need to do that, didn't you?	你还以为我不需要那么做
She is my girlfriend.	她是我的女朋友
He still loves her.	他仍然爱着她
My aunt made me a new skirt.	我姑姑做了一条新裙子给我
Which is heavier, lead or gold?	哪个比较重
How much is four times six?	6	乘以
The policeman arrested the burglar.	警察逮捕了小偷
I'll phone you later.	我晚点打给你
I wonder what he's up to.	他葫芦里不知卖的是什么药
You can sit wherever you want.	你可以坐你想坐的任何地方
When will you be free?	你什么时候有空
What don't you want us to see?	你不想让我们看见什么
Thank you for everything.	感谢你做的所有事
Tom isn't paying attention.	汤姆在开小差
Let's find something to sit on.	让我们找些可以坐在上面的东西
Tom said he'd wait.	汤姆说他会等
I told Tom I thought it was a good idea.	我和汤姆说了
Playing cards is a popular pastime.	打牌是一种流行的消遣方式
Tom doesn't know what he should do.	汤姆不知所措
Banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers.	银行对风险客户收取较高的贷款利息
We're special.	我们很特别
The only difference between a bad cook and a poisoner is the intent.	一个差劲的厨师和下毒者唯一的不同在于他们的意图
The result confirmed my hypothesis.	这一结果证实了我的猜想
My room is very small.	我的房间很小
You're really a hard worker.	你真是个努力的工人
After a storm comes a calm.	否极泰来
You should bring your passport to the bank.	你应该带护照去银行
Come along with us.	和我们一起来吧
Please turn down the music.	请把音乐声调小
I put some cream in my coffee.	我在我的咖啡里放了一些奶油
Don't ever mention that again.	永远别再提它了
Tom was not apologetic.	Tom	并不觉得抱歉
He who laughs last laughs best.	最后笑的人
Can't you discount it a little?	你不能打一点折吗
What's the date today?	今天是几号
Two thirds of the employees of this company are engineers.	这个公司二分之三的雇员是工程师
I think I know who stole your watch.	我认为我知道是谁偷了你的手表
How do you like your eggs done?	你的蛋要怎么做
My father goes to church on Sunday.	我爸爸周日上教堂
This is a great moment.	这是一个伟大的时刻
What do you do after school?	你放学以后干什么
Summer is always hot and humid.	夏天总是闷热而又潮湿
This really is a masterpiece.	这真是个杰作
I am thinking about that matter.	我在想那个问题
This rule doesn't apply to every case.	这条规则不是任何情况下都奏效的
They work for me.	他们为我工作
He plays tennis very well.	他打网球打得很好
Do you often travel abroad?	你经常去国外旅行吗
You can reach the park by either road.	哪条路都可以去公园哦
Where's the dining room?	餐厅在哪里
Tom is being quite obstinate, isn't he?	汤姆挺固执的不是吗
I just want to know what actually happened.	我只想知道实际上发生了什么
Give us a ride downtown.	载我们到市区
Is it true?	是真的吗
I sometimes just don't want to get out of bed in the morning.	我有时早上不想下床
Your cat scratched me.	你的猫抓伤我了
The city was soon occupied by the soldiers.	很快
Tom is a bus driver.	汤姆是个公交车司机
I am looking for an assistant.	我正在找一个助手
Will you go to Harvard?	你会去哈佛大学吗
She always gets lost.	她总是迷路
Tom isn't as innocent as he seems.	汤姆不像他看上去的那样无辜
He's always running short of cash.	他的现金总是不够用
I expect her back by six o'clock.	我希望她六点前回来
Could you help me?	你能帮我吗
I think Tom is about to cry.	我想汤姆快哭了
It's impossible to do the sights of Tokyo in a day or two.	一两天是没办法逛完东京的
What sort of work do you do?	你做什么类型的工作
I wake him up at 6 every morning.	我每天早上
These lemons are fresh.	这些柠檬很新鲜
It is a privilege to meet you.	幸会
There are many earthquakes in Japan.	日本有许多地震
It's your turn to answer the question.	轮到你回答问题了
I have to help.	我必须帮忙
Tom says he's willing to help.	汤姆说他愿意帮忙
He is not ashamed of being poor.	他不因贫穷而感到羞愧
A lot of students around the world are studying English.	世界上许多学生正在学习英语
Is this the right bus for Boston?	这辆是去波士顿正确的巴士吗
Are you going to the gym today?	你今天去不去健身房
Tom should have handled the situation differently.	汤姆应该用别的方式处理这状况
She left here in a hurry.	她匆忙地离开了这里
Are you serious?	你是认真的吗
What's Mary's husband's name?	玛丽的丈夫叫什么名字
I know you're richer than I am.	我知道你比我有钱
That's life.	这就是生活
Does this letter have to be written in English?	这封信必须用英文写吗
I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.	我一点都不知道这会给你带来那么多问题
This must be my book.	这肯定是我的书
Did you have a good weekend?	你周末过得怎么样
He spared no pains to help me.	他不遗余力帮助我
She really wants to go.	她特别想去
Lesson Two is easy.	第二课容易
We got on the bus there.	我们在那里上了公共汽车
Shall I close the door?	我应该把门关上吗
You'd better do what they say.	你最好照他们所说的做
What is missing?	少了什么
Close your eyes, and count to ten.	闭上你的眼睛
The well has run dry.	这口井干涸了
Look at all that money.	看那堆钱
I don't want him to touch me.	我不想被他感动
Generally, men run faster than women.	一般来说
She is a clerk in the supermarket.	她在超市做秘书
It's no use your begging him for help.	你求他帮忙没有用
I can't hide my feelings.	我不能掩饰我的心情
Nothing seems to grow in this soil.	这个土壤似乎长不出任何东西来
The post office is down the street.	邮局在街那头
The student handed the examination papers in to the teacher.	该学生把考试卷交给了老师
We were attacked from both sides.	我们被两面夹击了
He wants to pay off his loan.	他想还清贷款
I don't know either of them.	他们中的任何一位我都不认识
Do you have anything to declare?	你有任何要申报的东西吗
I like your advice.	我喜欢你的建议
There's a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.	在玛丽的桌上有张汤姆的照片
I'm full.	我吃饱了
I want to get rid of it.	我想摆脱它
I'm fairly confident that I can do that.	我相当有自信我能做到这一点
I've known her for a long time.	我已经认识她很久了
He often drives his father's car.	他经常驾驶他的父亲的车
Fur coats are on sale.	毛皮大衣在打折
Actions speak louder than words.	坐而言不如起而行
Tom is retired already, isn't he?	汤姆已经退休了不是吗
He has at least one thousand books.	他至少有一千本书
Well begun is half done.	有好的开始
Tom has a 13-year-old daughter.	Tom	有个十三岁的女儿
I know you're upset.	我知道你难过
Put in a little more sugar.	多放一点糖
I have difficulty chewing.	我不太能嚼东西
Where can we make a phone call?	我们能在哪儿打电话
I will give you whatever you want.	我会给你任何你想要的东西
She's leaving the country in six months.	她半年后就要出国了
He got into this school in September last year.	他去年九月进了这所学校
We're finally alone.	终于就剩下我们了
Everyone attacked my opinion.	每个人都抨击我的意见
It's time to go.	该走了
I can't do any more than this.	我无法再做下去了
I have no idea what to wear.	我不知道要穿什么
Is that a common name?	那个名字很普通吗
It's a good idea.	这是个好主意
The butterfly flew away.	蝴蝶飞走了
I'll wait here until she comes.	我会在这儿等著直到她来
I don't want any excuses.	我不想听解释
What time did you get to bed last night?	你昨天甚么时候睡觉
We're very skeptical.	我们非常怀疑
Tom got ripped off.	汤姆被敲竹杠了
She had a healthy baby.	她生下了一个健康的婴儿
The nurse will tell you how to do it.	护士会告诉你怎么做
America is very large.	美洲很大
Tom dealt the cards.	Tom	处理了卡片
Can we make it?	我们做得到吗
She must have been sick.	她一定是生病了
Which is your book?	哪本书是您的
I persuaded him to give up the idea.	我说服他放弃了这个主意
This factory produces 500 automobiles a day.	这家工厂每天生产
It is evident that he has made a mistake.	很明显的是他犯了错
Are you sure that Tom is happy?	你确定汤姆高兴吗
He took off his glasses.	他摘下了眼镜
Tom works in a bank now.	汤姆现在在银行上班
There's a page missing.	有一页缺了
Tom, your life's in danger.	汤姆
I was very careful.	我非常小心了
It was extremely scary.	这太可怕了
Prices have been climbing steadily.	价格一直在稳定地攀升
Maybe you should just give up.	可能你应该放弃
Do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls?	你知道春卷为什么叫春卷吗
I thought I had all the answers.	我认为我有所有的答案
Beauty is only skin deep.	美貌只是表面性的东西
It's gotten better.	它会好转的
I don't want to spoil the ending for you.	我不想把结局提前透露给你
Are you free tomorrow?	你明天有空吗
Where do you attend high school?	你在哪里念高中
It is going to be cold tonight.	今晚会很冷
I've heard that name somewhere before.	我在别处听过那个名字
My father likes pizza.	我父亲喜欢批萨
I was surprised by his perseverance.	我对他的坚持感到很惊讶
Let's visit some temples tomorrow.	让我们明天参观一些寺庙
We watched a baseball game on television.	我们看了电视上的棒球比赛
I don't like homework.	我不喜欢作业
What mountain do you think is the second highest in Japan?	你认为日本第二高峰是哪座山
I lost my father to a subarachnoid haemorrhage when I was fourteen.	我十四岁的时候
For the teacher, teaching her was fun.	对教师来说
He wrote to his parents.	他写信给他的父母
He stayed there a couple of days.	他在那里待了几天
What happened there?	那里发生什么了
I'm very happy to hear about the party.	我听到聚会的事很高兴
Your mother is in critical condition.	你母亲现在情况危殆
Lying is wrong.	说谎不好
I use this.	我使用这个
She is always trying new things.	她总是尝试新事物
I was very nervous as the plane took off.	飞机起飞的时候我很紧张
If I had enough money, I could go abroad.	如果我够钱的话
I arrived later than usual.	我比平常晚到
She helped her father with the work in the garden.	她帮她爸爸干了花园里的活
You owe me something.	你欠我点东西
Tom can swim as fast as you.	汤姆游泳可以游得跟你一样快
There's not much traffic on this road.	这条路上的车辆不多
Let's see if Tom knows what to do.	让我们看看汤姆知不知道该做甚么
I was feeling sad and lonely.	我感到凄清与孤独
The tomato is a vegetable, not a fruit.	番茄是蔬菜而不是水果
May I see your claim tags?	我可以看看你的行李条吗
This doesn't seem normal to me.	我看这不正常
He began to sweat.	他开始出汗了
You don't seem to like Tom.	你看来不喜欢汤姆
Is there any chance that you'll go to Australia next month?	你有下个月去澳大利亚的机会吗
Father takes the 7:00 subway to work.	爸爸乘早上
We love our school.	我们爱我们的学校
Although he was exhausted, he had to keep working.	尽管他累极了
I'm the type who gets nervous in front of people, so I'm bad at speech making.	我是那种面对人群很紧张的人
It is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood in public.	有时很难在公众场合表达你自己的意思
I wrote it myself.	我自己写了它
That tie goes well with your shirt.	那条领带很适合你的衬衫
I like pop music.	我喜欢流行音乐
I got sick from drinking too much.	因为喝酒喝太多
He gave me authority to fire them.	他授权给我解雇了他们
It might be a wedding.	这可能是一场婚礼
They believe in a life after death.	他们相信死后的生命
Do you know who this belongs to?	你知道这是谁的吗
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.	人们看待事情的角度不同取决于他们是富裕或贫穷
You're a beautiful young woman.	你是一个美丽的女人
His hobby is collecting old stamps.	他的兴趣爱好是收集旧邮票
The dog attacked the little boy.	这只狗攻击了这个小男孩
We have no idea what to do.	我们不知道要做甚么
Do you want to speak to Tom?	你想跟汤姆说话吗
The curry was very delicious.	咖哩非常好吃
I'm such an unlucky guy.	我真是个不走运的家伙
They're all college students.	他们都是大学生
Your shoes are here.	你的鞋在这儿
I am interested in Chinese religion.	我对中国宗教感兴趣
Tom is there alone.	Tom	独自在那
How dare you speak to me like that!	你怎么敢这样跟我说话
Why don't you talk to him?	你为甚么不跟他讲
If you see a mistake, then please correct it.	如果你发现错误
Who do you want to talk to?	你想跟谁说话
He looks just like his mother.	他看起来就像他的母亲
It's up to you to decide.	由你来决定
He can read well.	他能读得很好
I thought I could be of some help.	我认为我能帮点忙
She grew roses.	她种了玫瑰
How much is this?	这是多少
Leave it to me.	让我来弄
Hands up! This is a robbery.	把手举起来
She took full advantage of her stay in London to improve her English.	她充分利用她住在伦敦的优势
Years passed.	多少年过去了
It's your turn.	轮到您了
Go ahead.	继续吧
We're all at risk.	我们都在冒险
I have a slight fever today.	我今天有点发烧
I objected to his paying the bill.	我反对他付帐单
I used to go out with friends every weekend.	我曾经每周末都和朋友外出
It is no use crying over spilt milk.	为溅出的牛奶哭也没用
We're in a hurry.	我们很急
I discovered the truth.	我发现了真相
Something is happening in Boston.	在波士顿正发生着什么事
I don't think I'll be able to get there on time.	我估计我无法及时赶到
I'm an only child.	我是独生子
I want to become an engineer.	我想成为一位工程师
Reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people's privacy.	记者没有犹豫地去干涉了人们的私生活
I can do it without your help.	没有你的帮忙我也能做
I live here.	我住在这
Tom is a student.	汤姆是个学生
As long as you're here, I'll stay.	只要你在这儿
Take your hats off.	把你们的帽子摘下来
Please put those chairs away.	请把那些椅子放好
She's wearing high heels.	她穿著高跟鞋
Are there problems at home?	在家里有问题吗
Where do I get the subway?	我在哪里坐地铁
She is dressed in white.	她穿着白色的衣服
The Oscar ceremonies are Hollywood's biggest extravaganza.	奥斯卡颁奖典礼
I think that she knows the truth.	我觉得她知道真相
An ugly man knocked on my door.	一个丑男人敲了我的门
This is just between you and me.	这只是我们之间的秘密
The car is ready.	汽车准备好了
He doesn't know much about Japan.	他不是很了解日本
Sweet dreams!	祝你好梦
I need to go to bed.	我该去睡觉了
My father takes a bath before supper.	我的父亲在晚饭前洗澡
I don't like to leave things up in the air.	我不喜欢让事情悬而未决
Mary hid the money in her bra.	玛丽把钱藏在了文胸里
Is there anyone who can pronounce this word?	有人可以念这个字吗
Tom translated the document into French.	汤姆把文档译成法语
Are you students?	您们是学生吗
There was a full moon last night.	昨晚是满月
He proposed a reform in the educational system.	他提议对教育系统进行改革
I want to have my own room.	我想要有我自己的房间
I like dragon fruit.	我喜欢火龙果
I went swimming in the river.	我去河里游泳
You don't need to do that right away.	你没必要马上去做
He was injured in the accident.	他在事故中受伤
Please take your seat.	请坐
You may go.	您可以走了
You didn't protect me.	你没有保护我
I want to write an article.	我想写篇文章
She doesn't like sushi.	她不喜欢寿司
Tom sent me there.	汤姆送我去了那里
Did Tom tell you why he wasn't at school yesterday?	汤姆告诉你他昨天为什么不去学校了吗
The telephone rang several times.	电话响了好几次
You should consult your doctor.	你应该咨询你的医生
Did you get the package that I sent you?	你收到我寄给你的包裹了吗
People can easily tell the difference between them.	人们可以很容易地看出其中的差别
Did you eat at home before you came here?	你来之前在家里吃饭了吗
They wash their hands with soap.	他们用肥皂洗手
You'll need a special tool to do it.	你会需要一个特殊的工具来做这件事
Would you like me to explain it?	我为你解释一下好吗
I can't afford to pay so much.	我付不起这么多钱
If you don't know the answers, guess.	如果你不知道答案
He will travel abroad next year.	明年他要去国外旅游
There's no water.	没有水
It's too late now.	现在太晚了
He's often mistaken for a student.	他常常被误认为是个学生
He must have said so without giving it much thought.	他一定没有多考虑就说了
I keep the master copy under lock and key.	我妥善保管原版拷贝
What a beautiful flower!	多漂亮的花啊
It's very easy to miss this kind of mistake.	这种错误很容易被人忽视
She was out of Japan last year.	去年她离开了日本
Mastering a foreign language is difficult.	掌握一门外语很难
Tom laughed for no reason.	汤姆无故地笑
Do you know much about art?	你对艺术很了解吗
That dog is big.	这只狗很大
Do you have grandchildren?	您有孙子
Tom said he'd be willing to do this.	汤姆说他乐意做这事
He likes jazz, and so do I.	他喜欢爵士乐
Bring it to me.	把它带给我
The idea is still in my mind.	这个想法仍然在我心中
Cherry trees are now in bloom in Washington.	华盛顿的樱花现在开放
Could you put this coat somewhere?	您能把这件大衣放在某个地方
How time flies!	时间过得真快啊
Patience is sometimes the most effective weapon.	耐心有时候是最有效的武器
Tom likes swimming.	汤姆喜欢游泳
School begins at 8:30 a.m.	学校在上午八点三十分开始上课
This pear smells nice.	这只梨闻上去很香
I enjoyed watching TV yesterday.	昨天我很开心地看电视
The cancer has spread to her stomach.	癌细胞已经扩散到她的胃
People should be the masters of their own destinies.	每个人都应该做自己命运的主人
"How did you get my phone number?" "Tom gave it to me."	“	你怎么知道我的电话号码的
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.	波斯猫在桌子下面睡觉
It won't change anything.	这样做的话什么都不会改变的
He's very angry.	他非常生气
Nothing is more valuable than friendship.	没有比友情更有价值的东西
The new Harry Potter movie is pretty lame.	哈利波特的新片十分差
Tom should've discussed that with you.	汤姆应该跟你讨论过那事了
They were going to lose.	他们要输了
We live together.	我们住在一起
She is going to Sendai this spring.	她今年春天要去仙台
My mom doesn't speak English very well.	我妈妈英语说得不太好
It's all Greek to me.	看起来像天书
Tom cut himself with his knife yesterday.	汤姆昨天用刀切到自己了
You don't have a fever.	你没发烧
I'm not accustomed to such treatment.	我不习惯这样的待遇
The vase was shattered.	花瓶被打碎了
He vowed to give up smoking.	他发誓要戒烟
You are your own worst enemy.	你是你自己最大的敌人
What he says is total nonsense.	他说的话根本毫无意义
Tom is a racist.	汤姆是种族主义者
My mother took me to the park.	妈妈带我去公园
I prefer milk to juice.	比起果汁
We often associate black with death.	我们常把黑色跟死亡联系起来
He looks old, but he is still in his twenties.	他看上去老
I'll never forget what you told me.	我将永远不会忘记你告诉过我的话
Let's try it out.	我们试试
He climbed the stairs.	他爬上了楼梯
I didn't participate in the conversation.	我没有参与这个谈话
How do you write your last name?	你的姓氏怎么写
You thought I was through doing that, didn't you?	你还以为我作罢了
The boy made his parents happy.	这个男孩让他的父母高兴
How's everything at work?	工作怎么样
This factory manufactures automobile parts.	这家工厂生产汽车配件
This room is too small.	这个房间太小了
I didn't go to school because I was sick.	由于我生病了
I hope that you are very well.	我希望你很健康
No, this isn't my car.	不是
Please keep it a secret.	请保密
Please help me.	请帮我
I am interested in music.	我对音乐有兴趣
My wish is to become a teacher.	我的愿望是成为一个老师
Excuse me, but where is the library?	对不起
Cats' eyes are very sensitive to light.	猫的眼睛对光很敏感
Tom knows it's over.	汤姆知道它结束了
Can I sleep here?	我能在这里睡觉吗
I like jazz.	我喜欢爵士乐
It is very hot today.	今天很热
You should have helped him with his work.	你应该帮他工作的
You don't understand the procedure.	你不明白流程
She stayed at home by herself.	她独自留在家里
He often laughs at his own jokes.	他常常因他自己的笑话而笑
I want to go abroad.	我想要出国
I am a shy boy.	我是一个害羞的男孩
In the summer I wear short-sleeved shirts.	夏天我穿短袖衬衫
Language is the means by which people communicate with others.	语言是人们与他人交流的手段
Roll up your right sleeve.	卷起你右边的袖子
I'm sorry to trouble you.	我很抱歉给你添麻烦了
I'll only buy the car if they fix the brakes first.	除非他们事先修好刹车
Is that what it's called?	那就是它的叫法吗
The roof was damaged by the storm.	屋顶被暴风雨损坏了
Don't judge a man by his clothes.	不要以穿著来判断一个人
What do you have for breakfast?	你早餐吃什么
Take off your socks.	把袜子脱掉
I won't talk to him anymore.	我不会再跟他说话了
I think he is something of a poet.	我觉得他有几分像个诗人
The shooting started around noon.	枪击是在中午十二时左右开始的
May I use your phone?	我能用你的电话吗
I don't have time to meet up with you.	我没时间跟您碰头
Two times two is four.	二乘以二等于四
It would be helpful if you could do that for me.	您那样做的话
I really enjoy your company.	我非常享受你的陪伴
Tom's birthday was yesterday.	汤姆的生日是昨天
Does he speak English?	他会讲英语吗
We found the footprints in the sand.	我们发现了沙滩上的脚印
My father works at a factory.	我爸在工厂工作
He has a few pens.	他有些钢笔
He was made captain.	他被选为队长
It took a long time to take in what she was saying.	花了很久才能听懂她在说什么
You're very smart.	你很聪明
Do you own a gun?	你拥有枪支吗
I don't think he'll come.	我不认为他会来的
He makes a living as a salesman.	他当推销员为生
I don't want to participate in the ceremony.	我不想参加典礼
What did you do with that money?	你怎么花的那些钱
Tom, I want you to handle this one.	汤姆
Nobody has seen God.	没有人看过神
I've always kept my promises.	我一直遵守我的诺言
That place's food is delicious and their prices are low. However, their location isn't good.	那家馆子物美价廉
Tom wrote his name in the sand with a stick.	汤姆用棍子在沙上写了他的名字
I want to go there once more.	我想再去那里一次
I intend to become a lawyer.	我有志成为一名律师
Who was the letter written to?	信是写给谁的
Go back to the office.	回办公室去
Tom is in the shower.	Tom	在洗澡
It is less muggy today than it was yesterday.	今天不比昨天闷热
I was unable to finish my homework.	我无法完成我的作业
It's not necessary for us to attend the meeting.	我们没有必要参加会议
I've got something you've got to see.	我有个东西您该看看
You're the kind of person I'd like to marry.	你是我想嫁的那种人
This is my question.	这是我的问题
Admission is free for children.	儿童免费入场
He knows how to read Chinese.	他看得懂中文
The man is loading the moving truck on his own.	这个男人独自把东西搬上搬家卡车上
Why didn't you call me yesterday evening?	怎么你昨晚没有给我打电话
I hate my computer.	我讨厌我的电脑
What time are you leaving?	你什么时候走
I want to eat out tonight.	我今晚想出去吃
He can drive a car.	他会开车
Many moons orbit around Saturn.	许多卫星绕著土星运行
The potato was so hot that it burned my mouth.	土豆太热
I am here on business.	我在这里出差
Flour is made from wheat.	面粉是小麦制成的
We're looking for him.	我们在找他
My car's in the shop.	我的车在店里修理中
You have to follow the rules.	你必须遵守规则
We could stay in Boston for a few more days if you like.	如果你愿意的话
We took a wrong turn.	我们拐错弯了
Are you sad?	你伤心吗
Close the door on your way out.	出去的时候把门关上
You've got a one-track mind.	你有个死脑筋
There are no clouds in the sky.	天上没有云
You should follow your teacher's advice.	您应遵循你老师的建议
Tom shot himself in the head.	汤姆拿枪射自己的头
Ask me something easier.	问我简单些的
War must be avoided at all costs.	战争必须不惜一切代价地去避免
That boy denies stealing the bicycle.	那个男孩否认偷了自行车
Tom showed interest in the plan.	汤姆对这个计划有兴趣
He has a lot of money.	他有很多钱
Tom came to the conclusion that no matter what he did, Mary wouldn't like it.	汤姆得出无论他做什么
I will find you your lost ring.	我会找到你丢失的戒指
You've got to be certain.	你必须要肯定
At this point, he arrived.	在这时候
This is tofu.	这是豆腐
I noticed a note on my desk, but I don't know who wrote it.	我发现了我办公桌上有张字条
I'm looking for a room for rent.	我在找一间出租的房间
Tom is kind to everybody.	汤姆对每个人都好
Do you really mean that?	你是认真的吗
He is my father.	他是我父亲
The plane made a perfect landing.	这架飞机完美的著陆了
This town is quite different from what it was ten years ago.	这镇子跟十年前的它差别很大
When I was a child, I used to swim in that pond.	当我还是个孩子的时候
She visited her husband in prison.	她探望了她在监狱里的丈夫
I'd like you to have a blood test.	我希望你做血液检查
She made the doll for me.	她为我做了这个娃娃
We started at six.	我们六点开始
What a bizarre tale!	多么荒唐的故事
Let's just eat.	我们吃吧
It has nothing to do with you.	不关你的事
Tom is friendly to me.	汤姆对我友好
She stayed in that area for a short while.	她在那地方待了片刻
Keep oil away from the fire.	让油远离火
Please speak more clearly.	请说得更清楚些
Those twins look like two peas in a pod.	这对双胞胎长得一模一样
Is that for sale?	这个卖不卖
Can you see that small house?	您能看到那栋小房子吗
I waited for my friend for an hour.	我等我的一个朋友等了一小时
Yesterday, an explosion occurred at the fireworks factory.	昨晚
Somebody caught me by the arm.	有人抓住了我的手臂
Respect for law is fundamental to our society.	尊重法律是我们社会的基础
I know that you know that I know.	我知道你知道我知道
Don't forget to take the first-aid kit.	别忘了带上急救箱
The policeman grabbed the robber's arm.	警察抓著小偷的胳膊
Catch him.	抓住他
I can't get rid of my cold.	我的感冒怎么也不好
Most people think computers will never be able to think.	大多数人认为计算机永远不会有思考的能力
I thought he was my brother.	我以为他是我弟弟
He is a very imaginative writer.	他是非常有想像力的作家
Though wounded, they continued to fight.	尽管受了伤
The man you met at the station is my father.	你在车站遇到的男人是我爸爸
He returned very late at night.	他晚上回来得很晚
She hugged him.	她抱了他
She made the same mistake as before.	她犯了和以前同样的错误
I don't care as long as you're happy.	只要你开心就行了
I'll get there as soon as I can.	我会尽可能早地到那儿
What do you think about it?	你对这件事有什么看法
The vote is unanimous.	选举一致通过了
What were you up to last night?	你昨天晚上做什么
I wrote down that telephone number.	我写下了那个电话号码
You can no longer hurt me.	你不再能伤害到我了
I have no intention of resigning.	我无意辞职
He was elected mayor again.	他再次被选为市长
Write on every other line.	每隔一行写
Come over to my place.	到我家来吧
Tom is a high school student.	汤姆是个高中生
You should make better use of your free time.	你要更好地利用闲暇时间
I got on the wrong bus.	我上错车了
Would anyone like some coffee?	有人要咖啡吗
My father insisted that I should go to see the place.	我爸爸坚持要我去那地方看看
He looked young beside his brother.	他在他弟弟旁边显得很年轻
Something strange is going on.	正有什么奇怪的事情发生着
Thank you very much for your present.	非常谢谢你的礼物
Tom told me not to open the envelope until my birthday.	汤姆告诉我
I want to go abroad someday.	将来我要去国外旅游
Not everything can be bought with money.	不是所有的东西都可以用金钱买到
You're the one with all the money.	你是有所有钱的人
I can't bear the sight of him.	我受不了他的视线
Who can tell what will happen in the future?	谁能说将来会发生什么呢
How long do you plan to stay?	你准备待多久
He was moved to tears when he heard the news.	当他听到那个新闻的时候
Do you belong to any clubs?	您隶属哪家俱乐部吗
What do you think about it?	关于那个你有什么看法
His wife comes from California.	他太太来自于加利福尼亚州
I never want to leave Boston.	我从不想离开波士顿
It took months.	它花了几个月
I watched the game from beginning to end.	那场比赛
She told me she knew my brother.	她告诉我她认识我的哥哥
The shooting started around noon.	拍摄是在中午十二时左右开始
Try to have a positive attitude about everything.	试着用积极的态度去面对任何事情
I did my best.	我做得好到不能再好了
I'm behind him.	我在他后面
They were carelessly unaware of the danger.	他们粗心大意
Tom wanted to become a veterinarian.	那时汤姆相当一个兽医
I wouldn't buy anything in this store.	我不会在这家店买任何东西
I have a lot of bad teeth.	我蛀牙很多
They all burst out laughing.	他们都哈哈大笑起来
I wonder what I should do today.	我在想我今天该干什么
Would you be able to do it?	你能做到吗
He lost his balance and fell off the ladder.	他失去了平衡
Call me.	联系我
Please tell the truth.	请把真实的情况说出来
I think this book is very interesting.	我觉得这本书非常有趣
My father works at the factory.	我父亲在工厂工作
I want to stay in a hotel near the airport.	我想住在机场附近的旅馆里
What's your favorite drink?	你最喜欢的饮料是什么
It's going to rain this evening.	今天晚上会下雨
It looks as if it is going to rain.	天看起来要下雨了
Can I drive the tractor?	我能开拖拉机吗
I tried to listen to him carefully.	我试著仔细地听他说话
I know what you want to do.	我知道你要干什么
I want Tom to wait.	我想让汤姆等着
I bathe every day.	我每天都洗澡
These figures don't add up.	这些数字总数不符
How curious!	多怪啊
The dog barked at the mailman.	狗对著邮差叫
Tom needs to speak to Mary.	汤姆需要跟玛丽说话
The deadline is approaching.	期限近了
I'll see you whenever it suits you.	只要你方便
Please wait for me at the entrance of the building.	请在建筑的入口处等我
We probably should've left early.	我们可能应该早点走
Mom is preparing a meal in the kitchen.	妈妈正在厨房里做饭
I tried to change her mind, but I couldn't.	我试著改变她的心意
He is beginning to lose his hair.	他开始掉头发了
I'll do it.	我会做的
I'll be staying here for another three days.	我会在这儿再待上三天
What have you told them?	你告诉了他们什么
They are here.	他们在这里
What's this supposed to mean?	这该是甚么意思
To master English is difficult.	精通英语是困难的
I'd like to speak with you in private.	我想跟你私下说话
The guests are in the kitchen.	客人们在厨房
I don't see any bullet holes.	我没看见什么弹孔
What would you like for dessert?	你要什么甜点
Tom planted three apple trees in his yard.	汤姆在他的院子里种了三棵苹果树
He lives far away from his hometown.	他住得离老家很远
You're working too hard. Take it easy for a while.	你工作太勤奋了
Please don't speak so fast.	请不要说得这么快
It says in the Bible, "Man shall not live on bread alone."	圣经里有一句话
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.	你永远没有第二次机会去打造第一印象
This isn't salt.	这不是盐
I am busy cooking at the moment.	我此刻正忙著做饭
Children can't swim in this river.	小孩儿不能在这条河里游泳
He is good at playing tennis.	他打网球打得很好
Let's go to the picnic.	让我们去野餐
My city is fifty kilometres from the capital.	我的城市离首都五十千米
Tom's prediction was correct.	事儿被汤姆说中了
The old man walked across the road carefully.	老人小心翼翼地过了马路
I kept on singing.	我继续唱歌
There's something I want you to see.	我有东西想给你看看
He's about the same age as you.	他跟您年纪差不多
Give me the book back once you've finished reading it.	在你读完后
They moved ahead slowly.	他们慢慢地向前进
Tom says he isn't sure if he can do that, but he says he'll try.	汤姆说他不确定是否能做到
Can you tell wheat from barley?	你能辨别小麦和大麦吗
We can't see the other side of the moon.	我们看不到月亮的另一边
My uncles come to see me from time to time.	我的叔叔们有时会来探望我
Is she a computer programmer?	她是个女程序员吗
Sales fell off in the third quarter.	在第三季时销售跌了下来
Tom's house has a nice garden.	汤姆的住宅有一个不错的花园
It isn't hard to understand.	不难理解
I think watching TV is a waste of time.	我觉得看电视是浪费时间
Where would you like to go first?	你想先去哪里
I'm not good at carpentry.	我不擅长做木工
I don't like the taste of tomatoes.	我不喜欢蕃茄的味道
Do you have a steady boyfriend?	你有一个固定的男朋友吗
He loves her.	他爱她
It is high time you were in bed.	你早该睡了
We had a heavy rain last night.	昨晚下了一场大雨
Don't be shy.	不要害羞
Tom was able to go to college thanks to a scholarship.	因为一份奖学金
I need to know what you know.	我需要知道你知道的事
I will obey.	我会听从指示
Mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven.	Mary	试图把围裙围在腰上
The city was destroyed by fire.	这个城市毁于火灾
I don't want you.	我不要你
I will be happy to attend your party.	我很快乐能参加你的派对
I couldn't remember their names.	我不记得他们的名字了
He was very old.	他很老
Who's that woman standing over there?	站在那儿的女人是谁
You can stay here until the snow stops.	你可以在这里等到雪停
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.	闭嘴看着
Have you eaten dinner?	你吃晚饭了吗
I trust that I can see you again.	我相信我能再见到你
I made a few modifications.	我做了点改动
That's my favorite part.	那是我最喜欢的部分
We aren't afraid of death.	我们不怕死
He broke his word, which made his wife angry.	他失信了
Who is your favorite actor?	你最喜欢的演员是谁
The experiment was successful.	这实验是成功的
The sun is rising.	太阳升起来了
Why didn't you turn up on Saturday?	你为何周六没来
Are you talking to me?	你是在对我说吗
Where is my umbrella?	我的伞在哪
Pride goes before a fall.	骄傲是失败的先行者
News of the recent blast is all over the radio.	收音机广播充斥著有关最近爆炸的新闻
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?	你吃过日本料理吗
I was frightened by the sight.	我被这情景吓到了
We went to the mountains to ski.	我们去山上滑雪
Where does he live?	他住在哪里
I refuse to be treated like a slave by you.	我拒绝被你像奴隶一样对待
Tom wanted Mary to say that she loved him.	汤姆想让玛丽说爱他
Tom didn't know the deadline was today.	汤姆不知道今天是期限
This will keep you warm.	这个能保暖
America likes to claim that it is a "classless" society.	美国是一个自称没有社会阶层的国家
I'm always here.	我一直在这里
I just want to be happy.	我只想高兴
Have you finished doing that?	你做完了吗
I can't give up smoking.	我无法戒烟
I lent Tom my camera.	我把我的相机借给了汤姆
I've finally got the whole set!	我终于拥有了一整套
I've got to stop eating such sweet ice cream.	我必须停止吃那么甜的冰激凌
What are we having for dinner?	我们晚饭吃什么
I'd like three of these.	这我要三个
The principal wants to talk to you.	校长想跟你谈话
Tom almost always uses a credit card when he goes shopping.	汤姆在去购物的时候
There is a letter for you.	你有一封信
English has many loan words from French.	英语有很多法语外来词
I don't want to go to church today.	今天我不想去教堂
The surrounding area was very quiet.	周围的地区非常安静
He's busy.	他很忙
I'll stay home.	我会待在家里
I look forward to your next visit.	我期待著您的再次光临
You're a month behind in your rent.	你的租金迟交了一个月
She went on working.	她继续工作
I've something interesting to tell you that you might find surprising.	我有有趣的事要告诉你
I wish you could have been there.	要是你能在那里就好了
Tom is too old to work.	汤姆老得不能工作了
The girl was afraid to jump down from the roof.	小女孩害怕从屋顶上跳下来
She divorced her husband.	她与丈夫离婚
How many years did Tom spend in Boston?	汤姆在波士顿待了几年
They all knew.	他们都知道
Tom has no friends to play with.	汤姆没有朋友可以一起玩耍
I like strawberry ice cream.	我喜欢草莓味的冰淇淋
Did Tom help his mother yesterday?	汤姆昨天帮他妈妈的忙吗
He was born in Africa.	他出生在非洲
Do you have a camera?	你有照相机吗
The shower is broken.	淋浴坏了
You may go home now.	你现在可以回家了
You'd better not go.	你最好不要去
He lay on his back.	他仰躺
Where did you get your hair cut?	你在哪里剪头发
London was bombed several times.	伦敦被轰炸过许多次
I'll carry this suitcase for you.	我会帮你提这个手提箱
I'll give you a ride.	我会载你一程
I don't know if I can go to the party.	我不知道我是否可以去派对
Perhaps it will rain tomorrow.	也许明天会下雨
That's against the rules.	这违反规则
My mother is a very good cook.	我妈妈是一个很棒的厨师
I believe Tom will do that.	我相信汤姆会去做
Don't forget that Tom is allergic to peanuts.	不要忘记汤姆对花生过敏
Be kind.	友善点
What do you really want to say?	你实际上想说什么
Can you just please go?	我能请你离开吗
Money is the root of all evil.	金钱是一切罪恶之源
Don't let Tom die.	别让汤姆死了
Ogai is his favorite author.	Ogai	是他最喜欢的作者
We're involved.	我们正参与
What time do you wake up every day?	你每天几点起床
My father began jogging last month.	我父亲上个月开始慢跑
Mary plays the piano.	玛丽弹钢琴
My gums are bleeding.	我的牙龈流血
This table is heavy.	这张桌子很重
Take your time.	慢慢来
You should have known better than to take an examination without preparing for it.	你应该知道要为考试作准备
A new difficulty has arisen.	出现了新困难
Tom looked pretty healthy last night.	汤姆昨晚看来很健康
Tom isn't complaining.	汤姆没有抱怨
Shut up!	闭嘴
Tom will be sentenced next Monday.	汤姆下个星期一会被判决
Just say no.	只要说不
I can hear you, but I can't see you.	我听得见你
Have you met her before?	你以前见过她吗
We shouldn't expect too much help from Tom.	我们不该期望从
I think we should concentrate on other things.	我想我们应集中于另外的事情
Don't try to intimidate me.	别想吓唬我
The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived.	消防车到达之前
We've lost them.	我们把他们跟丢了
She was wearing dark brown shoes.	她穿著深褐色的鞋子
She showed the visitor her baby.	她给客人看了她的宝宝
These are our desks.	这些是我们的书桌
I know that she has been busy.	我知道她一直很忙
Can I see that?	我能看看那个吗
Monday is Tom's thirtieth birthday.	星期一是
I appreciate good music.	我欣赏好音乐
They freed the prisoner.	他们释放了犯人
Here goes nothing.	毫无希望
Keep reading.	继续看
I quit.	我退出
I want more.	我想要更多
I'm single.	我单身
You were eavesdropping.	你在偷听
I don't eat as much as I used to.	我比以前吃得少了
They changed the system.	他们改变了制度
I'm tired of working a nine-to-five job.	我厌倦了做朝九晚五的工作
What are they doing here?	他们在这里做甚么
He is fond of adventure.	他喜欢冒险
It's fun to speak in French.	说法语很有趣
She showed her album to me.	她给我看她的相簿
This is the worst movie I have ever seen.	这是我看过的最差劲的电影了
We had some chicken soup.	我们喝了些鸡汤
I'm fed up with English.	我受够英文了
He has his own room.	他有自己的房间
They want this.	他们想要这个
I'm willing to share.	我乐意分享
Tom is the head of the company in name only. His son makes all the important decisions.	汤姆名义上市公司的领导
Who told you that?	是谁给你说那个的呢
She has very nice-looking handwriting.	她的笔迹很美
She took the book back to the library.	她把书带回了图书馆
My mother happened to be there when the fire broke out.	着火的时候我妈妈恰好在那
My job is to wash dishes.	我的工作是洗碗
We'll never forget your kindness.	我们永远不会忘记你的亲切
These pictures were painted by him.	这些画是他画的
There may be life on the moons of Jupiter.	木星的卫星上可能有生命存在
The dog followed me to my home.	这只狗跟着我到了我家
My grandfather gets up early.	我的祖父早起
We haven't known each other long.	我们彼此认识没有很久
You didn't write anything.	你甚么也没写
I'm home, Mom!	我回来了
Thank you for the pleasant evening.	谢谢你让我度过一个愉快的晚上
I'm looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.	我期待下周日能见到你
That hat cost around fifty dollars.	那顶帽子花费了大约五十美元
Furniture made of good materials sells well.	用优质材料做的家具卖得很好
Tom is very confident, isn't he?	汤姆很有信心
You're still too young to get a driver's license.	你还太年轻无法取得驾驶执照
You're irresistible.	你令人难以抗拒
As soon as she wakes up, we'll turn on the music.	她一醒
Everybody is supposed to know the law, but few people really do.	每一个人都应该知法懂法
I'm going there alone.	我一个人去那边
You must stop smoking.	你必须停止吸烟
Even with all the money he has, he isn't happy.	尽管他有那么多钱
It's all Greek to me.	我对此一窍不通
You'd better go in person.	你最好亲自去
I was shy.	我害羞
Tom told me what to say.	汤姆告诉我该说什么
I'm a member of the swimming club.	我是游泳社的成员
I will pick you up around six.	我会在六点钟左右接你
I don't think he is sincere.	我不觉得他很诚实
I don't like to swim in pools.	我不喜欢在泳池里游泳
The boat passed under the bridge.	船从桥下通过
She has beautiful handwriting.	她的笔迹漂亮极了
I will give you a call as soon as I get home.	我一回到家就打电话给你
Could you spare me a few minutes?	你能为我腾出几分钟时间吗
That music is worth listening to many times.	这音乐值得听许多次
So far everything has been going well.	直至目前为止一切都很顺利
We're almost broke.	我们快破产了
There is a man at the door who wants to see you.	门口有个男人想见你
You've done a lot.	你做了很多
That's a shame.	那是一个耻辱
I think it's fine.	我想没关系
I quit.	我不干了
It's a really good school.	真是个好学校
The rugged terrain made the troops' advance difficult.	地面高低不平
I told Tom I was OK.	我对汤姆说我很好
Have you ever had any serious illness?	你曾经得过重病吗
He left without saying goodbye.	他不辞而别
I've already told you the truth.	我已经告诉你真相了
Perhaps we should help Tom.	我们可能要帮汤姆
The dog was hit by a truck.	狗被卡车撞了
He had no luck in finding work.	他不幸找不到工作
What's in the drawer?	抽屉里面有什么
I think that Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.	我觉得当汤姆发现他买来的画是赝品的时候
I can't feel it.	我感觉不到它
I go to bed very early.	我很早就去睡觉
She is good at speaking English.	她擅长说英文
Don't bother.	不用麻烦了
You shouldn't have gone there.	你不应该去那里的
Last month our twenty-year-old daughter gave birth to a baby girl.	上个月
He made his way to the room.	他走进了房间
Money isn't the only thing that matters.	不只是钱关系重大
Choose the color you like the best.	选你最喜欢的颜色
Her house is at the foot of a mountain.	她家在一座山的山脚下
Tom wanted revenge.	汤姆想报仇
My father doesn't like soccer.	我爸爸不喜欢足球
He was listening to music.	他正在听音乐
We're all praying for Japan.	我们全体为日本祈祷
I won't stay here for long.	我不会在这里呆很久
I think Mary is very attractive.	我认为玛丽很有吸引力
The refugees struggled against hunger.	难民与饥饿作斗争
I caught a beautiful butterfly.	我抓到一只漂亮的蝴蝶
He can speak French, and obviously English.	他能说法语
A group of young men were fighting.	一群年轻人在打架
A bird is singing in the tree.	一只鸟正在树上唱歌
What time is it?	现在几点了
Things are totally different now.	现在全都不一样了
Can you think of something better?	你能想到更好的东西吗
I'm tired of watching television.	我看电视看到厌烦了
The accident's only survivor was a baby.	这场灾难的唯一幸存者是一个婴儿
She made faces at that woman.	她对那个女人做了鬼脸
I was in the bathroom.	我当时在卫生间
I can read without glasses.	没眼镜我可以读
I won't be here tomorrow.	我明天不在这儿
Where did you go last Sunday?	上周日您去哪儿了
Did Tom respond?	汤姆有回应了吗
There is a fork missing.	少一把叉子
What do you think of those Japanese writers?	你觉得那些日本作家怎么样
How's your project going?	你的项目进展得怎么样
What's the idea behind that?	那背后是什么意思
We'll meet again.	后会有期
This is the biggest car in the world.	这是世界上最大的车
The world is full of incompetent doctors.	社会上满是不称职的医生
You've gained weight, haven't you?	你的体重增加了
Pride cometh before a fall.	骄兵必败
There was a lot of snow last winter.	去年冬天下了好多雪
The rumor isn't true.	传闻不是正确的
She did not turn up.	她没有出现
I'm a professor.	我是大学教授
The statue of Hachiko, the faithful dog, stands in front of Shibuya Station.	忠犬八公的雕像伫立在涩谷站前
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and the others are red.	我花园里的一部分玫瑰是白色的
The men are wearing short sleeve shirts.	男人们穿著短袖上衣
I did everything by myself.	我全靠自己
Did you make that mistake on purpose?	你故意犯那个错的吗
My father is a heavy smoker.	我爸爸吸烟很厉害
Tom helped Mary buy everything she needed.	汤姆帮玛丽买了她所有需要买的东西
Please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it.	请不要忘记寄信前要在上面贴邮票
Tom wanted to go to Australia.	汤姆想去澳大利亚
What steps should we take?	我们应该走出什么样的步伐
I don't know about the past, but now we have faxes and emails.	我不知道以前怎样
Tom didn't tell me his secret.	汤姆没有告诉我他的秘密
Please find me my wallet.	请帮我找一下我的钱包
I'm scared of wild animals.	我怕野兽
I can't put up with his arrogance.	我受不了他的傲慢
I'm a new student.	我是个新生
How did you meet Tom?	你是怎么见到汤姆的
Don't worry. I told you everything would be OK.	别担心
He likes French more than German.	他喜欢法语胜过德语
I wish I knew where he was!	但愿我知道他在哪里
He likes to build model planes.	他喜欢建造模型飞机
Tom fell off his bike.	汤姆从他的自行车上掉了下来
I like jazz music.	我喜欢爵士乐
I just wasn't paying attention.	我只是没注意
I was expecting it!	我一直在期待着
Something's really weird here.	这里有些事真怪
We have a 20% share of the market.	我们的市场占有率为
This camera is cheap.	这个相机很便宜
Who are you waiting for?	你在等谁
Can I ask you a question?	我能问您一个问题吗
Ignore Tom and me.	无视汤姆和我
He objected to our plan.	他反对我们的计划
She was feeling kind of tired.	她觉得有点累了
I have two brothers and three sisters.	我有两个兄弟和三个姐妹
No one comes to visit me anymore.	已经没人来拜访我了
Iceland belonged to Denmark.	冰岛曾属于丹麦
I never should've let Tom eat so much candy.	我不论甚么时候都不该让汤姆吃那么多糖
He amassed a fortune in stock trading during the last boom.	他在上个景气时期炒股攒下了一笔钱
Are those two going out?	那两个要出去吗
The plane took off and was soon out of sight.	飞机起飞后
It's nearly three o'clock.	将近三点了
Your CV has really impressed me.	你的履历给我留下深刻的印象
I think you will find it convenient to put a short-cut on the desktop.	我想你迟早会知道在桌面建立一个快捷方式是有多方便
My sister became a college student.	我妹妹成为了一个大学生
It is easy for a monkey to climb a tree.	对猴子来说
Tom has a pretty big mouth.	汤姆是一个大嘴巴
Which is better, red thread or white thread?	哪个更好
Nothing is really guaranteed.	没有甚么是真正有保证的
I am Finnish, but I speak also Swedish.	我是芬兰人
I know that Tom can stop me from doing that.	我知道汤姆不能阻止我做那件事
Tom said hi.	汤姆打了个招呼
Tom walks very slowly.	汤姆走得很慢
Do you believe there are ghosts?	你相信有幽灵吗
I don't understand why Tom brought you here.	我不知道为甚么汤姆把你带到这里
Automobiles are made in factories.	汽车在汽车工厂里生产
Three voted against the idea.	有三票反对这主意
Would you please take my picture?	请你帮我照相好吗
He is a person who never cuts corners.	他是个绝对不会偷工减料的人
What's causing it?	是什么原因
One man's meat is another man's poison.	对某人有利的对另外的人未必有利
Tom will like this place.	汤姆会喜欢这里的
The man and his wife helped each other.	这男人和他妻子互相帮助
In which folder did you save the file?	你把文件存到哪个文件夹了
Japanese office workers work very hard.	日本上班族工作得非常辛苦
Food should be chewed before being swallowed.	食物在吞咽前要经过咀嚼
There are a lot of new buildings here now.	这里现在有了许多新建筑
I've never heard Tom speaking French before.	我以前从没听过汤姆讲法语
He is a tennis player.	他是个网球球手
We'd better wake Tom up.	我们最好叫醒汤姆
How much is it?	它多贵
I chose this topic because I think it's interesting.	我选这个主题是因为我觉得它很有意思
Are you done?	你做好了吗
Why are we wasting time with this?	为什么我们在这上面浪费时间
We ate breakfast at seven.	我们
Plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials.	塑料代替了许多传统的原料
I hate French.	我讨厌法语
We were driven to the wall.	我们被逼得走投无路了
She believes that he is innocent.	她相信他是无辜的
I think I made a mistake.	我认为我犯了个错
He paused to look at the poster.	他停下脚步看起海报
Tom thanked me for the gift.	汤姆为这个礼物感谢我
Do you want to see the house?	你想看房子吗
Why are you accusing my son?	您为什么指责我儿子
Tom bought a dozen donuts.	汤姆买了一打甜甜圈
We took turns driving.	我们轮流开车
The situation is improving, so cheer up!	情况正在改善
He pressed the button and waited.	他按下按钮然后等待著
Hurry up, or you will miss the train.	快点
Then what?	那又怎样
Tom lives three miles east of here.	汤姆在这以东三哩的地方住
She played a waltz on the piano.	她在钢琴上弹了一首华尔滋舞曲
I went to sleep about 10 o'clock.	我在
We've run short of money.	我们缺钱了
They guarantee this clock for a year.	他们保证这个时钟可用一年
She decided to quit her job.	她决定辞去工作
I miss you very much.	我非常想你
Every cloud has a silver lining.	山穷水尽疑无路
I passed by her house yesterday.	我昨天经过她家
He heard the news on the radio.	他从收音机听到了这个消息
It's high time you were in bed.	你早该睡了
Let me help you with your work.	让我帮你做你的工作
The tiger cub looked like a large kitten.	小老虎看起来像只大猫
English is studied in Japan.	英语在日本被学习
There's a possibility that you'll have to do that.	你有可能不得不那么做
Tom didn't buy any bread.	汤姆甚么面包也没有买
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.	别害怕犯错
Do you like movies?	你喜欢电影吗
You're not supposed to be in this area.	你不应该待在这里
How about another cup of coffee?	要不要再来一杯咖啡
He put a hand gently on her shoulder.	他把他的手温柔地放在她的肩上
I'm going to run a couple of errands. Wanna tag along?	我要去购物
I'd never done it before.	我以前从未做过它
Where can I take a bath?	我能在哪里洗澡
Could you please repeat that?	你能重复一遍吗
How many apples do you want?	你要几个苹果
You're not too bad-looking.	你看起来不难看
My stomach is full.	我吃饱了
Your shirt button is coming off.	你衬衣的纽扣快掉了
What have you done with my pen?	你用我的笔做了什么
He has a basket full of strawberries.	他有个装满草莓的篮子
He knows how to swim.	他会游泳
Tom is exaggerating.	汤姆在吹嘘
I will say something about it.	我会谈谈它
He did not think he needed their protection.	他认为他不需要他们的保护
I'm beginning to remember it.	我开始记起来了
Please take a deep breath.	请深吸一口气
He lost his eyesight in that accident.	他在那次意外中失去了他的视力
Beware of pickpockets.	小心扒手
He took care of the business after his father's death.	在他父亲死后
I can't figure out what he means.	我不懂他的意思
Stop pretending that everything's okay. It's not.	不要再假装一切都好了
Nothing remained in the refrigerator.	冰箱里什么都没剩下
You really are rude, aren't you?	你真的很粗鲁
Do you plan to go overseas?	你打算出国吗
This is the time he normally arrives.	他这个时候该到了
She adores her older brother.	她爱慕她哥哥
You should've introduced yourself.	你本来应该介绍自己的
That's your opinion.	那是你的想法
His parents are saving for his college education.	他的父母为他的大学教育存钱
Please make three copies of each page.	请把每一页复印三份
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.	一只狐狸不会两次掉入同一个陷阱里
It was not long before we met again by chance.	没多久
I had fun last night.	昨晚我玩得开心
Fashion isn't my specialty.	时装不是我的天分
A man is responsible for his deeds.	一个人要为他的行为负责
I'm cooking dinner.	我准备晚餐
A change of air will do you a lot of good.	改变环境将对你有很多好处
You'd better not smoke while on duty.	当你值勤时最好不要抽烟
Tom isn't a great player.	汤姆不是一个好选手
Don't miss this chance.	不要让机会溜走
As more paper money came into use, the value fell.	当更多的纸币投入使用
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the meeting ended.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
You can swim, can't you?	你会游泳
I heard someone calling my name.	我听见有人叫我的名字
Is there any chance you'll go to Australia next month?	你有下个月去澳大利亚的机会吗
When will it end?	什么时候才结束啊
How could it be done without my knowing?	怎么可能在我不知道的情况下做完呢
I know what you did.	我知道你做了什么
I owe Tom some money.	我欠汤姆钱
She is always losing her handkerchief.	她老是弄丢她的手帕
This bus will take you to the museum.	这辆公车会载你去博物馆
She put her CDs in a row on the shelf.	她把她的
I'll stay with Tom until you get back.	你回来之前我会跟汤姆在一起
That was fabulous.	那真是极好的
Tom told me that he thought that Mary used to live in Boston.	汤姆告诉我他觉得玛丽以前住在波士顿
I can still remember the time when we went on a picnic together.	我还记得我和你一起去野餐的时候
It's stopped snowing.	雪停了
I collect foreign coins.	我收集外国硬币
The good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry.	这电子辞典的好处就是便于携带
When did this occur?	这事是什么时候发生的
This is the best.	这是最好的
My mother is a lawyer.	我妈妈是律师
I received a letter three months later.	我在三个月后收到了一封信
I'm not your mother.	我不是你母亲
My father can fly an airplane.	我的父亲会驾驶飞机
Today is my birthday.	今天是我生日
Let's hope you don't need it.	希望你用不着它
Yolks are yellow.	蛋黄是黄色的
Do you want to go, too?	你也要去吗
Don't be rude.	不要失礼
When does it begin?	什么时候开始
It was lucky for you that you found it.	你很幸运找到了它
It's gravity that makes satellites move around the Earth.	让卫星环绕地球的是重力
It seems that he knows everything.	他似乎什么都知道
It's time to sleep.	睡觉时间到了
How's business?	生意怎么样
You don't want to be an editor?	你不想做编辑
We gave him up for dead.	我们为死者放弃了他
This movie is worth seeing again.	这部电影值得再看一遍
I know that Tom is hungry.	我知道汤姆饿了
It's our duty to help.	帮助是我们的义务
I'll do whatever you want me to do.	无论你要我做什么
I was searched by the customs officers at the airport.	我在机场被海关人员搜查
How long is your spring vacation?	你春假放多久
It is raining.	在下雨
Do you have any plans for Saturday?	你周六有什么计划
Why is snow white?	为什么雪是白色的呢
I can hope for a miracle, can't I?	我能期待奇迹
Could you say that in plain English?	你会说简单的英语吗
I'm glad you were right.	很高兴你是对的
I want to reserve a room.	我想预定一个房间
I must catch the first train.	我必须赶上头班火车
Tom felt cold.	汤姆觉得冷
The magazine is issued twice a month.	这份杂志每个月出刊两次
Mary helped her mother with the cooking.	玛丽帮她母亲做饭
Jealousy was the motive for the murder.	嫉妒是谋杀的动机
Who's your most interesting friend?	你最有趣的朋友是谁
Don't believe everything you hear.	不要相信你听到的每件事
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.	在明天前完成报告几乎是不可能的
Tom told them not to do that.	汤姆告诉他们不要去做那事
Perhaps it was worth it.	可能是值得的
Here is the bill.	这是账单
Tom had a heat stroke.	汤姆中暑了
Look what happened.	看看发生了什么
I laughed at his joke.	他的笑话让我大笑了
It seems interesting to me.	在我看来很有意思
She married him.	她嫁给了他
My daughter caught a cold.	我的女儿感冒了
I get along with my younger brother.	我与我的弟弟相处融洽
I met your girlfriend.	我见过你的女朋友
What have you come here for?	你为什么来这儿
I can't do anything but obey him.	我除了听从他之外什么也不能做
I've had to do everything by myself.	我必须靠自己做所有事
Our new home has an elevator.	我们的新家有一台电梯
That's my toothbrush.	这把是我的牙刷
Our yacht club has ten members.	我们的游艇俱乐部里有十个会员
Tom is waiting for Mary to return.	汤姆正在等着玛丽回来
No matter what I do, she says I can do better.	不论我做什么
Tom doesn't eat red meat.	汤姆不吃红肉
None of the money is yours.	这些钱都不是你的
The suspect is a caucasian female.	嫌疑人是一位白人女性
We discussed the plan yesterday.	昨天我们讨论了这个计划
Mary isn't like the other girls in the class.	玛丽跟班上其他女孩不同
How many children do you have?	你有几个小孩
I have to take a test tomorrow.	明天我必须参加考试
Tom and Mary are really hungry.	汤姆和玛丽很饿
That meat is chicken.	那个肉是鸡肉
You can drive a car, can't you?	你会开车
I can't live without you.	没有你我活不下去
He helped me do my homework.	他帮我做我的功课
They furnished the library with many books.	他们给图书馆提供了很多书
I want this work completed by two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.	明天下午
If you really want to know, why don't you ask Tom?	如果你真的想知道的话
Is he Japanese?	他是日本人吗
I saw him playing baseball.	我看到他在打棒球
I have high blood pressure.	我有高血压
Nobody encouraged him.	没有人鼓励他
Everyone wanted a piece of the cake.	每个人都想分一点蛋糕
I did nothing during the holidays.	在假期中我无所事事
I am coming.	我来了
Drink up. We've got to go.	喝完吧
It happens occasionally.	它偶尔会发生
She rested her head on her mother's shoulder.	她把头垂在她母亲的肩上
He presented her with a doll.	他送她一个洋娃娃
What happened on the bus?	公共汽车上发生什么了
Who do you work for?	你为谁工作
This is not true.	这不是真的
They say love is blind.	人们说爱情是盲目的
I applied for a visa.	我申请了签证
Tom told me that he had lost his textbook.	汤姆告诉我他丢了课本
The sun comes up in the east and goes down in the west.	太阳从东边升起
They went their separate ways.	他们分道而行
The world is beautiful.	万物真美好
How about going for a drive?	去开车兜风怎样
Please turn off the light before you go to bed.	上床睡觉之前请关灯
I'd like to make an overseas call.	我想打个国际电话
She was on the verge of crying.	她要哭出来了
I didn't notice the light turn red.	我没有注意到灯变红色了
Tom became popular among teenagers as soon as he made his debut on the screen.	汤姆第一次上电视后就广受青少年的欢迎
It is dangerous to jump onto a moving train.	跳上一列正在开的火车是很危险的
Are those real diamonds?	那些是真钻石吗
This book is beautifully illustrated.	这本书有精美的插图
Maybe you should move.	你可能该动一动
Everything Tom predicted came true.	汤姆说的预言全部都应验了
What will you have for lunch today?	你今天午餐吃什么
Could you pass the mashed potatoes to me?	你能给我土豆泥吗
I can't do without her help.	没有她的帮助我做不到
Tom ripped a page out of his sketch book.	汤姆从他的绘画本上撕下了一页
What sound does a giraffe make?	长颈鹿是怎么叫的
Tom refused to pay the bill.	汤姆拒绝付账
She showed him to his seat.	她领他到他的座位上
Children love playing on the beach.	孩子们喜欢在沙滩上玩
This is expensive.	这很贵
I like dogs and my sister likes cats.	我喜欢狗
He tried to unify the various groups.	他试著统一不同的团体
There are holes in the ceiling.	天花板上有洞
He's lazy.	他很懒
I like this dog.	我喜欢这只狗
I don't remember what Tom looked like.	我不记得汤姆长甚么样
It's none of your business.	跟你没半毛钱关系
With the weather getting worse, the departure was put off.	由于天气变差
Have you ever seen the man in this photo?	你见过这张照片上的男人吗
This is ice.	这是冰块
Do you go often?	您经常去吗
Don't underestimate me.	别瞧不起人
This meal is adequate for three.	这饭足够三个人吃
They didn't keep their promise.	他们没有信守诺言
That day shall come.	这天会到来
Why do you want to study abroad?	为什么你想到外国读书
Tom is 30 years old.	汤姆今年三十岁
How was your summer vacation?	暑假过得如何
There isn't much traffic on this road.	这条路上的车辆不多
Did you bring a hair dryer?	你吹风机带来了吗
It seems to me that she is a little selfish.	我觉得她有点自私
Tom changed clothes.	汤姆换了衣服
Could you pass me the mashed potatoes?	你能给我土豆泥吗
You're such an idiot.	你真是个傻瓜
I know that money isn't everything.	我知道金钱不代表一切
Tell us what to do next.	告诉我们下一步该怎么做
Tom is going to be proud of you.	汤姆要以你为傲了
I believe this was unnecessary.	我相信这是不必要的
Open your book to page nine.	翻开你的书到第九页
No one was late.	没有人迟到
I asked him to wait here.	我请他在这里等
There is no cause for complaint.	没有理由抱怨
The skies are clear.	天空很晴朗
Could I have the check?	把帐单给我好吗
Tom got fatter.	汤姆胖了
Tom wasn't at school today.	汤姆今天不在学校
I know why Tom is in trouble.	我知道汤姆为什么遇上麻烦了
I am near the station.	我在车站附近
He has a brother and two sisters.	他有一个兄弟和两个姐妹
How far away is your school?	你的学校有多远
Put it on the table, please.	请把它放在桌上
I don't see much of him.	我不常见到他
We didn't break in.	我们没有打断
Come out here. I need help.	出来
If you could go back and start your life again, from what age would you like to start?	假如能回到过去让人生再来一遍的话
Could I get some tea?	可以给我一些茶水吗
Why are you just sitting there?	你为什么就站在这里
He failed to pass his driving test.	他没有通过他的驾驶考试
Tom just got back from Australia.	汤姆刚从澳大利亚回来
We must finish our homework first.	我们必须先完成我们的功课
That wasn't what I intended.	那不是我的本意
I expected him to offer some help.	我期待他提供一些帮助
Tom has a good memory.	汤姆有好的记忆力
Tom decided to stay behind.	汤姆决定留下
This computer cost three thousand dollars.	那台电脑是花三千块买的
The room originally had no furniture.	本来这间房间里没有家具
Everyone is equal before the law.	法律面前人人平等
What time does the movie start?	电影什么时间开始
The price of rice has fallen.	米价下跌了
I want to keep moving.	我想继续走
I did nothing out of the ordinary.	我没做不寻常的事
Stop joking around.	不要随便开玩笑
These two words are easily confused.	这两个词容易混淆
You said you had important news.	你说你有重要新闻
Time for dinner.	吃饭时间到了
She didn't have much money.	她没有很多钱
Are you free on Tuesday?	你周二有没有空
I know Tom.	我认识汤姆
I wish it would stop raining.	我希望雨会停
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.	兔子有长耳朵和短尾巴
Tom let Mary go home.	汤姆让玛丽回家
Whose birthday was it yesterday?	昨天是谁过生日
People who break the law are punished.	触犯法律的人受到惩罚
Could you show me that necktie?	你能给我看看这条领带吗
He has not written to us since last February.	他从去年二月开始就没写信给我们
My opinion is similar to yours.	我的观点和你的类似
I like beans.	我喜欢豆子
Do you know your size?	您知道您的尺寸吗
Can you help me?	您能帮我吗
Please turn off the TV.	请关闭电视机
Tom paid me back the money that he owed me.	汤姆把欠我的钱还给我了
Ask her when she will come back.	问问她什么时候回来
Can I go swimming this afternoon?	我今天下午可以去游泳吗
When did it begin to rain?	什么时候开始下雨的
It's a basic human right.	它是基本人权
He said, "I want to be a doctor."	他说
I must go home.	我该回家了
It depends on the context.	这要看情况
Cherry blossoms are very beautiful.	樱花非常漂亮
Are you listening to English?	你在听英语吗
Let me think.	让我想一想
I always keep a dictionary close at hand.	我总是在离手不远的地方放一本字典
Tom was on the list.	汤姆在名单上
Your family's waiting for you.	你的家人在等你
He spoke very loudly.	他说得很大声
In case of emergency, call 119.	在紧急情况下
You speak fluent English.	你英语说得很流利
I don't feel like working today.	我今天不想上班
His observations are sharp, but he doesn't say much.	他的观察是敏锐的
One is Japanese and the other is Italian.	一个是日本人
Ladies and gentlemen, due to an accident at the airport, our arrival will be delayed.	女士们
I admit that I'm not the tidiest person in the world.	我承认
He's not very strict about this.	他在这方面不是很严格
He blew out the candle.	他吹灭了蜡烛
What do you think of it?	你认为如何
I've changed my website's layout.	我改了一下我的网站的布局
I don't have classes today.	我今天没课
Do you have a guilty conscience?	是你心里有鬼吧
Tom will graduate in October.	汤姆将在
Tom won't be happy.	汤姆不会高兴
Tom is worried for his safety.	汤姆担心他的安全
How do you go to school?	你怎么去学校
Some students stayed behind.	一些学生留下了
The most logical place to keep your shoes is near the door.	最合逻辑的放鞋处是门口附近
I had him write it.	我要他写
The company spends a lot of money on advertising.	那家公司在广告上花了很多钱
Where is your dog?	你的狗在哪里
The picture is hanging on the wall.	那幅图挂在墙上
Tom says they need more time.	汤姆说他们需要更多时间
First impressions matter.	第一印象很重要
Is that all you have to do?	这些都是你不得不做的吗
Hug Tom.	请抱紧汤姆
How do I get to the police?	我怎么去警察局
I had my bicycle stolen last night.	昨晚我的自行车被偷了
Get into your car.	进你的车里
Did Tom say anything?	Tom	有说什么吗
Every time I went to his house, he was not at home.	我每次去他家
I'm suffering from a bad headache.	我头痛得厉害
I told Tom I thought that it was a good idea.	我和汤姆说了
I am very ill at ease with strangers.	我面对陌生人很不自在
How do you feel now?	你现在感觉如何
Can you copy this for me?	你能替我拷贝这个吗
She said that he was handsome.	她说他很英俊
The train should be on time.	火车应当准点到
Does he know that you love him?	他知道你爱他吗
Hope is not a strategy.	希望不是一种策略
She extended her stay by five days.	她多停留了五天
The Colombian government demanded more money.	哥伦比亚政府要了更多的钱
You know I have no choice, don't you?	你知道我没法选择
This is the most massive structure I've ever seen.	这是我所见过的最大型的构造了
Is Tom Canadian?	Tom	是加拿大人吗
You may leave your bag here.	你可以把你的袋子留在这里
I filled up the vase with water.	我倒水进去花瓶里
That won't ever happen.	那从不会发生
What are you doing down there?	你在那里干什么
She had to accept her fate.	她该接受她的命运
The castle is beautiful.	城堡好美
I know what his name is.	我知道他叫什么名字
We've just finished breakfast.	我们刚刚吃完了早饭
Tom is on the go day and night.	汤姆日夜兼程
I feel very sorry for your sister.	我对你姐姐感到非常遗憾
When will the rainy season be over?	雨季何时会结束
Mars has two moons.	火星有两个卫星
Tom smiled.	汤姆笑了
Tom is the coolest person in the world.	汤姆是世界上最酷的人
Don't stand in front of me.	不要站在我前面
Sorry it took me so long to write to you.	对不起
We live in the suburbs.	我们住在郊区
This turkey tastes good.	这只火鸡味道很好
You should get your hair cut.	你该去理发店了
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.	昨天的董事会会议非常成功
My brother was injured in the car accident.	我哥在车祸中受伤了
I also had a very good time.	我也过得很愉快
Nobody is too old to learn.	活到老学到老
You can ask the child who's playing over there.	你可以问在那里玩耍的小孩
I was surprised to see a lion.	我很惊讶竟然看到了狮子
We met in front of the school.	我们在学校前面见面了
I never thought something like that could happen.	我从来没想到会发生那种事
She cut up the cloth to make bandages.	她裁布做绷带
Is that black bag yours?	那个黑色提包是你的吗
Does she have a piano?	她有钢琴吗
My father is shaving in the bathroom.	我爸爸正在浴室里刮胡子
Turn off the television. I can't concentrate.	把电视关掉
He and I walked together.	我和他一起走
That wasn't my intent.	那不是我的本意
Come on, touch it.	来吧
Can I take pictures here?	我能在这里拍照吗
We lost our way in the woods.	我们在树林中迷路了
This is the first time I've heard of this website.	我第一次知道这个网站
He used to read at night.	他以前都在夜晚看书
You're the one who suggested that we travel together.	你是那个建议我们一起旅行的人
I listened, but I didn't hear anything.	我听了
I've always kept my word.	我一直遵守我的诺言
The pianist played two encores.	这位钢琴家演奏了两首安可曲
It's hard to quit smoking.	戒烟难
Most people think I'm crazy.	大部份的人觉得我疯了
This juice tastes sour.	这个果汁喝起来酸酸的
This is a dead-end alley.	这是个死胡同
It snowed from Monday to Friday.	雪从周一下到周五
It seems that Tom is lying.	看来汤姆在说谎
He boasts that he can speak six languages.	他显摆自己能说
Let me think for a moment.	让我想一想
That was then and this is now.	那时是那时
I played with the baby on my knee.	我在膝盖上跟婴儿玩
Come here by ten at the latest.	最晚十点前来这里
I know what can happen here.	我知道这里会发生什么
Use a dictionary to find the meanings of the phrases below.	用字典查出下面词组的意思
I'll get in.	我会进去
I have never thought of that.	我从来没有想到这一点
You're such a jerk.	你真是个傻子
You must be careful not to make him angry.	你要小心别惹他生气
Is this Tom's?	这是汤姆的吗
Keep the dog out.	别让狗进来
We enjoyed ourselves very much.	我们玩的很开心
You need to shed some pounds.	你需要甩掉几磅
We're very disappointed in you.	我们对你很失望
I was brought up by my grandmother.	我被我的祖母抚养长大
He thought that he was a genius.	他认为他是个天才
He's a little pale.	他有点苍白
I'd like some tea, please.	请给我一杯茶
I ripped the envelope open.	我撕开了信封
She speaks clearly enough to be easily understood.	她说得足够明白易懂
I just want to be Tom's friend.	我只想做汤姆的朋友
Do you know Tom well?	你很了解汤姆吗
Would you please look after my dog tomorrow?	你明天可以帮我照顾一下我的狗吗
She works from nine.	她九点开始工作
Please move the desk to the left.	请把桌子向左移
Everyone was surprised.	所有人都很吃惊
Tom heard Mary's voice.	汤姆听见了玛丽的声音
She rarely goes out on Sundays.	她星期日很少出门
I think your basic theory is wrong.	我认为你的基本理论是错的
Would you like me to explain it?	你要我解释一下吗
I don't know what Tom's plan is.	我不知道汤姆的计划是甚么
Tom left his umbrella on the bus.	汤姆把伞落在了巴士上
It is expensive to live in Japan.	生活在日本很昂贵
I think Tom is photogenic.	我觉得汤姆很上镜
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?	你可以告诉我要怎么去火车站吗
You shouldn't eat here.	你不该在这里吃饭
The hallway needs to be wide enough for a wheelchair.	走廊要宽得能容下轮椅
I'm not feeling well.	我感觉不舒服
This is weird.	奇怪
I broke a string on my guitar.	我弄断了我吉他的一根弦
I'd like a room facing the garden.	我想要一间面对花园的房间
Tom said that he was curious.	汤姆说他很好奇
What's your job here?	你在这里的工作是什么
The bride seems to be very pretty.	新娘好像非常漂亮
Marriage is the main cause of divorce.	婚姻是造成离婚的主因
There's a big fly on the ceiling.	有一只大苍蝇在天花板上
Spell your name, please.	请拼一下您的名字
It is likely to rain again.	很有可能还会下雨
It's better than nothing.	有比没有好
They're children.	他们是孩子
I'm your deputy.	我是你的代理人
English is difficult to learn.	英语很难学
Father named me after his aunt.	父亲以他姑姑的名字为我命名
I want everyone to help me clean the house.	我希望所有人都来帮我打扫房子
We're neighbors.	我们是邻居
Tom gave Mary a ride to Boston.	汤姆载玛丽去波士顿
She might be taller than you.	她可能比你高
Speaking foreign languages is not easy.	讲外语是不容易的
She will do her best to be here on time.	她会尽全力及时赶到这儿的
I don't even want to think about what could happen.	我甚至不想去想会发生什么
This coffee is too hot for me to drink.	这咖啡热得我没办法喝
My hometown is very pretty.	我的家乡非常漂亮
I believe you.	我相信你
Do you know how to drive a car?	你知道如何开车吗
Could you help me translate this into French?	你能帮我把这译成法语吗
The bus should be coming soon.	公车应该很快就会来了
There's somebody who wants to meet you.	有一个人想见你
You have good reason to be angry.	你有充分的理由生气
He kept me waiting all morning.	他让我等了整整一上午
Zero comes before one.	零在一前面
He acted like a madman.	他表现的像个疯子
The two young girls smiled happily.	两个年轻的女孩高兴地微笑了
There's only one store on the island.	在这个岛上只有一家商店
I, for one, am for the plan.	就个人而言
He crept out of the room very carefully to avoid waking her up.	他很小心地溜出房间
How do you want your hair cut?	你想将头发剪成怎样
This is the cutest puppy I've ever seen.	这是我见过最可爱的小狗
What did Tom say?	汤姆说了什么
This is what I want.	这就是我想要的
What have you guys done to me?	你们到底对我做了什么
I'm a free man.	我是一个自由的人
Men should work.	男人应该工作
She has an eye for beauty.	她有一双美丽的眼睛
Are you saying you don't want to go to Tom's party?	你的意思是你不想去汤姆的派对
I need to take notes.	我需要作笔记
I can't accept this gift.	我不能收这份礼
Tom is the one, isn't he?	汤姆就是那一个
I haven't smoked for ages.	我很久没有抽烟了
I can cook you something if you're hungry.	我会在你饿时给你做饭
A great number of citizens went into the army.	许多老百姓加入了军队
I'll never stop.	我绝不会停
We didn't bring it back.	我们没把它带回来
You'll never be alone.	你永远不会一个人的
You've both been very impressive today. I'm proud of you.	今天你们俩很让人印象深刻
People should understand that the world is changing.	人应该明白世界在变
This factory manufactures CD players.	这个工厂生产
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?	你们今天下午想不想去动物园
They aren't quarreling, but are rehearsing a play.	他们不是在打架
I went for a walk in the park.	我去公园散了步
Tom is laughing.	汤姆在笑
I agree with you on this issue.	我同意你对这问题的看法
You don't have to tell Tom if you don't want to.	如果你不想
I often played tennis when I was young.	我年轻时经常打网球
He made a clean break with them.	他跟他们干脆地断绝来往了
There are seven continents on the earth.	地球上有七大洲
Be nice to others.	对他人要友善
He can speak Russian, too.	他也会说俄语
Mary is studying in her room.	玛丽在她的房间里读书
I'm amazed at your fluency in English.	你流利的英语让我很吃惊
Tom owes us a favor.	汤姆欠我们个情
It's my CD, isn't it?	这是我的
He asked me why I was laughing.	他问我为什么在笑
Man cannot live forever.	人无法长生不死
He often eats fish for dinner.	他晚饭经常吃鱼
If you need anything, let me know.	如果你需要任何东西
They answered their teacher's question with difficulty.	他们好不容易才回答了他们老师的问题
It's dangerous to swim in this river.	在这条河里游泳很危险
I know that she is cute.	我知道她很可爱
We managed to swim across the river.	我们成功地游过了河
Shouldn't you be studying?	你不应该在学习吗
Please show me your bag.	请让我看看你的袋子
Is Tom home?	汤姆在家里吗
Rice grows in warm climates.	水稻生长在温暖的气候
Hurry up! We'll be late.	快点
I need a knife.	我需要一把刀
Please knock before you come in.	进来之前请敲门
I'd rather stay than go.	我宁愿待在这里而不去
Are you and Tom leaving together?	tom	和你一起离开吗
Get off your high horse, Tom.	别那么趾高气扬
Nobody wants it.	这个没人要
When my mother was young, she was very beautiful.	我妈年轻的时候非常漂亮
They are talking with each other.	他们在互相交谈
Are these your things?	这些是你的东西吗
Why do you need change?	你为什么需要零钱
Welcome home.	欢迎回家
Roll the ball to me.	把球传给我
Tom said that he thought he should study French.	汤姆说他认为他该学法语
I got over the difficulty with my characteristic tenacity.	我凭韧性克服了困难
Tom is afraid somebody will see him.	汤姆怕有人看到他
Does your father get home early?	你爸爸很早回家吗
I'm waiting for someone.	我在等待着某个人
It'll definitely rain.	绝对将要下雨
He hopes to go abroad.	他希望到国外去
I wasn't yelling.	我没有在吼
Tom and Mary used to be friends, right?	汤姆和玛丽以前是朋友
The pharmacy is near the hospital.	药局在医院附近
The rumors were false.	谣言是假的
The building is seven stories high.	这栋建筑物有七层楼高
Our team lost the first match.	我们队输了第一场比赛
I can't reach that can of tomatoes.	我搆不到那罐番茄罐头
Do you really want Tom to suffer?	你真想让汤姆受苦吗
I miss you.	我想你
I'm looking for books on Roman history.	我在找关于古罗马历史的书
I was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang.	我正要离开家的时候电话响了
To my astonishment, my money was gone.	令我惊讶的是
I was sore for three weeks.	我难受三周了
Study hard.	好好学习
He thought up an excuse.	他编造了一个借口
He is getting better bit by bit.	他一点一点地变好
Tom is looking for a job.	Tom	正在找工作
Who are we?	我们是谁
Come home.	回家吧
I wish you had come with us.	要是你和我们一起来就好了
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account.	我希望我能知道如何删除我的
My job is washing dishes.	我的工作是洗碗
I want to have this letter registered.	我想要用挂号寄这封信
I can't see you.	我看不见你
When I arrived, it was raining.	当我到达时
Yesterday I played football.	我昨天踢了足球
Please take more care in the future.	以后请注意点
I totally agree.	我完全同意
They sell sporting goods.	他们卖体育产品
How long ago was that?	多久以前
It won't stop raining.	雨下个不停
No problem at all!	什么问题都没有
You should know better than to ask a lady her age.	你应该知道不要问小姐的年龄
Tom didn't come home last night. I hope he's OK.	昨晚汤姆没有回家
Tom, Mary and John are all here.	汤姆
I hope everything will turn out well in the end.	我希望最后一切都好
Don't yell at me.	别对著我吼
He arrived after I had left.	我走之后他到达了
You're sloshed.	你们醉了
How is it at school?	学校怎么样
I played tennis.	我打网球了
Dad's in an impatient mood today.	爸爸今天不耐烦
We ran in the park.	我们在公园里跑了步
Have you seen my father?	你看到我父亲了吗
I like you.	我喜欢你
You can come with me.	你可以跟我来
More coffee, please.	请再给我一点咖啡
He is not the man that he was when I first knew him.	他已经不是我最初见他那时的那个人了
What happened to your computer?	你的电脑怎么了
He is fond of fishing.	他酷爱钓鱼
Can I use your pen?	我可以用你的笔吗
I am interested in Japanese history.	我对日本历史有兴趣
You remind me of myself.	你让我想起我自己
What color is your car?	你的车什么颜色
It's your move.	该你走了
He said, "I'm from Canada."	他说
I am familiar with the author's name.	我对这位作者的名字很熟悉
We have our own problems to solve.	我们有自己的问题要解决
Do you want to come in?	你想进来吗
Life is full of ups and downs.	人生充满了高低起伏
He took it for granted that I knew the answer.	他觉得我理所应当知道答案
I'm sure we'll find a solution.	我确信我们会找到解决办法的
I don't wish to harm you.	我不想伤害你
Why do you guys always fight?	你们为什么老打架
It is no use talking with him.	跟他说话没用
Don't start without me.	我不在就别开始
Look up the word in your dictionary.	在你的词典查一查这个词
Is it all right if I call you Tom?	我可以叫您汤姆吗
Tom won't know what to do.	汤姆不会知道要做甚么
Are there any messages for me?	有任何给我的讯息吗
It was nice meeting you here.	在这里见到您真是太好了
I can't play tennis that well.	我不那么会打网球
Our country's climate is temperate.	我国是温带气候
I know your brother very well.	我和你哥哥很熟
He goes to school to study every day.	他每天去学校学习
I grew up in a poor family.	我出身贫寒
Tom has two children.	Tom	有两个孩子
I'm trying to think of a better plan.	我在想有没有什么更好的计划呢
This is my bag.	那是我的包
A great many people attended his funeral.	很多人都参加了他的葬礼
What a strong wind!	多么强的风啊
I will go on ahead.	我会继续前进
That woman's very beautiful.	这个女人很漂亮
He saw a dog near the door.	他在门附近看到了一只狗
It's not possible to stop here.	在这停留
Don't forget to put a stamp on your letter.	别忘了在你的信上贴张邮票
Tom might've missed the last train.	汤姆可能错过了最后一班列车
His sad story touched my heart.	他悲伤的故事触动了我的心
Tom already knew the truth.	汤姆己经知道了真相
I'm awfully sorry that I was late.	非常抱歉
How old is your oldest son?	你的长子几岁
I know how we can help.	我知道我们要怎么帮忙
If it rains on that day, the game will be postponed until the next fine day.	如果那天下雨
They rescued the boy from drowning.	他们救了这个男孩
He passed the entrance examination.	他通过了入学考试
Tom interrupted our conversation.	汤姆打断了我们的谈话
Let me explain it to Tom.	我去跟汤姆解释
Life is like a box of chocolates.	生活就像一盒巧克力
He threw a stone at the big dog.	他朝着大狗扔了块石头
Tom doesn't eat meat and neither does Mary.	汤姆不吃肉
Put the book on the bottom shelf.	把这本书放在架子的底部
Do you have everything?	没有什么落下的吧
You don't seem happy.	你看起来不高兴
I hate winter.	我恨冬天
How often do the buses run?	公共汽车隔多久一班
Tom is wearing gloves.	汤姆戴着手套
My father's car is new.	我爸爸的车是新的
Has he come yet?	他已经来了吗
Tom said he was ill, which was a lie.	汤姆说他病了
She needs a coat.	她需要一件外套
Travel agencies' profits soared.	旅行社的利润猛涨
I'm reading a novel by Sidney Sheldon.	我在读一本西德尼谢尔顿写的小说
I have a lot of questions.	我有许多问题
What if Tom says no?	汤姆说不行会怎样呢
Mary is Tom's secretary.	玛丽是汤姆的秘书
He's always running short of cash.	他总是缺钱
I said I would make her happy.	我说我会让她幸福的
I often have bad dreams.	我经常做噩梦
We want to clear up this problem.	我们像澄清这个问题
Tom came and sat down next to Mary.	汤姆来了
They don't always obey their parents.	他们并不总是服从他们的父母
Reading books is important.	读书很重要
I teach French to adults.	我教成年人法语
Tom is the one that has been waiting the longest.	汤姆是等了最长时间的人
Don't forget us.	别忘了我们
He will be a good husband to my sister.	他会是我妹妹的好丈夫的
UK is the abbreviation for the United Kingdom.	UK	是英国的缩写
How can I get in touch with you?	我怎么联系你
I was on the train for twelve hours.	我在火车上待了
She was aching all over.	她全身都疼
Tom doesn't like it when people cuss in front of his children.	汤姆不喜欢人们在他孩子面前讲坏话
We can change if we want to.	如果我们想
If he doesn't come, we won't go.	如果他不来了
His name is known to everybody in this area.	他的名字在这个地区人尽皆知
Tom got a late start this morning.	汤姆今早出发晚了
Have you made any New Year's resolutions?	你有没有许下什么新年愿望
After a couple of drinks, the guy was feeling no pain.	喝了几杯酒后
I'm not turning back.	我不回去
He kicked the ball.	他踢了那颗球
Tom and Mary stayed at a fancy hotel.	汤姆和玛丽入住了一家高档酒店
Is this snake safe to touch?	摸这条蛇安全吗
The button came off.	这颗钮扣脱落了
Can I sit here?	我能坐这里吗
He is always studying.	他总是在读书
We got an interesting piece of information.	我们得到了一份有趣的情报
He sent me some American magazines.	他送给我一些美国杂志
They always skip school.	他们总是逃学
He placed emphasis on the importance of education.	他强调了教育的重要性
This box is not as big as that one.	这个盒子没那个盒子大
She is very clever.	她很聪明
Did you enjoy yourself at the party last night?	你在昨晚的聚会上尽兴了吗
Tom is a very good person.	汤姆是个很好的人
I don't know if he can come tonight.	我不知道他今晚会不会来
He does not come here every day.	他不是每一天都来这里
My aunt gave me an album.	我姑姑给了我一张唱片专辑
Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit.	水在华氏
So you give up, right?	所以你放弃了
The police have been searching for the stolen goods for almost a month.	警察大概从一个月前就开始找被偷物品了
When he retired, his son took over his business.	他退休的时候
I cry every time I watch this movie.	我每次看这部电影都会哭
Our flight was canceled.	我们的航班被取消了
I'd like to listen to pop music.	我想要听流行音乐
I can't find my bag.	我找不到我的包了
Tom likes asparagus, but his brother doesn't.	汤姆爱吃芦笋
Tom is married.	汤姆已经结婚了
You're walking too fast.	您走太快了
Tom mostly kept to himself.	汤姆大多一个人独处
My father neither drinks nor smokes.	我爸爸既不喝酒也不抽烟
She gave me some good advice.	她给了我一些很好的建议
That's quite obvious.	那很明显
The man reading a paper over there is my uncle.	在那儿看报纸的男人是我叔叔
You can't achieve anything without effort.	没有什么是不劳而获的
Her older daughter is married.	她的大女儿结婚了
I could answer all the questions.	我能回答所有的问题
Bring him in.	带他进来
She patted her hair into place.	她把头发拍整齐了
I think Tom should go on a diet.	我觉得汤姆需要减肥了
She walked slowly so she wouldn't slip.	她慢慢地走
You shouldn't have eaten so much ice cream.	你不应该吃这么多冰淇淋
He is not a singer, but an actor.	他不是歌手
He was waiting for a long time.	他等了很长的时间
The explosion that followed killed many people.	很多人在随后的爆炸中死去
Welcome.	欢迎
I don't know much about computers.	我对电脑知道的不多
I am looking forward to Christmas.	我期待圣诞节的到来
I found a coin on the sidewalk.	我在人行道上发现了一枚硬币
Lonely people tend to be afraid of meeting others, which ensures they will always be lonely.	孤独的人会孤独
This hotel was built last year.	这家旅馆是去年盖的
I often eat chicken.	我经常吃鸡
Tom will try and stop me for sure.	汤姆一定会来阻止我
We happened to be on the same train.	我们偶然乘上了同一辆列车
Tom lives near me.	汤姆住在我的附近
I heard it on the radio.	我从广播中听到它
I didn't take part in the conversation.	我没有参与对话
I should have taken the money.	我应该拿那些钱的
I was born on April 3, 1950.	我出生于
The policeman didn't tow your car away.	警察没有拖走你的车
Please come back home.	请回家
The poor man has no relatives.	穷人无亲戚
That fish lives in fresh water.	那鱼栖息在淡水域中
Don't tell anyone.	对谁都别说哟
This month was kind of difficult.	这个月我过得有点艰难
I often look up words in that dictionary.	我经常用那本词典找单词
I used to have a friend named Tom.	我曾有个朋友叫汤姆
I really need a drink now.	我现在真需要来杯喝的
I lost my camera the other day.	那天我丢了我的照相机
I promised him that I would come today.	我答应他我今天会来
They were scolded by the teacher.	他们被老师训斥了
Tom has three older sisters.	汤姆有三个姐姐
I would like to have a cup of coffee.	我想要一杯咖啡
We arrived here at six yesterday evening.	昨天晚上六点钟我们来到了这里
A strange feeling came over me.	我有种奇怪的感觉
I don't mind if it's hot and spicy.	辣点儿没关系
I have the same trouble as you have.	我有跟你同样的麻烦
We ran after the cat.	我们追著猫
May I have some more coffee?	我可以再要些咖啡吗
The police think the burglar entered through a basement window.	警察认为窃贼从地下室窗口进入
No one is working. Everyone's watching the World Cup.	谁也不工作
Would you please lock the door?	请你锁门好吗
I didn't know what to do.	我不知道要做什么
Leaves begin to fall in October.	树叶在十月开始掉落下来
They were so young.	他们是那么年轻
Slow down.	慢一点
My father has already given up smoking and drinking.	我爸爸已经戒烟戒酒了
I asked for my father's help.	我向我父亲求助
What do we have to do?	我们必须做甚么
I want to drive.	我想开车
I had difficulty in solving this problem.	我很难解决这个问题
Is there a doctor on board?	船上有医生吗
Is it OK to take pictures here?	这里允许拍照吗
What do you call this flower?	这个花叫什么名字
He has seven sons.	他有七个儿子
I'll keep doing it.	我要一直做下去
May I go now?	我现在能去了吗
He likes to cook for his family.	他喜欢为家人做饭
I'm not absolutely sure.	我不完全肯定
The scar on his forehead is conspicuous.	他额头上的疤痕很醒目
The whole process will take months.	整个过程需要耗费数月
Keep an eye on the child for me for a moment.	帮我看会儿孩子
Tom can't walk.	汤姆不能走路了
She looks young, but she's actually over forty.	她看起来是年轻的
Starting tomorrow, it's going to snow for a week.	雪从明天开始下
Do you want a cup of coffee?	来杯咖啡吗
Don't trust him.	你别相信他
They were afraid.	他们害怕了
I could tell Tom the truth, I suppose.	我觉得我能告诉汤姆真相
A winter without snow isn't winter.	没有雪的冬天不是冬天
That tall boy saved the drowning child.	那个高个少年救了溺水儿童
My mother is a lawyer.	我妈妈是个律师
Please make a milkshake for me.	请帮我做个奶昔
Tom began laughing.	汤姆开始笑了
Feel free to get yourself a drink if you are thirsty.	觉得渴了就喝点
You will be sorry for it some day.	有一天这会让你遗憾的
My wife has just cleared the table.	我太太刚刚清理了桌子
He is washing his car.	他正在洗他的车
Do you have any friends that are doctors?	你有朋友是医生吗
Don't come into my room.	别进我的房间
Did you buy a nice bicycle?	你买了辆好自行车吗
He committed suicide.	他自杀了
Mary showed the letter to me.	玛丽给我看了这封信
I'm quite satisfied with my life.	我对我的人生很满意
Lend me some books to read.	借我一些书看
Do you want to get married first or have a child first?	你想我们先结婚还是先生孩子
I lost the watch my father had given me.	我把爸爸给我的表弄丢了
Step on it!	快一点
What color is your hair?	您的头发是什么颜色的
Mary prefers to dye her hair blonde.	玛丽更想把头发染成金色
I will never forget your kindness.	我永远不会忘记你的亲切
The desk drawer is open.	办公桌的抽屉是开着的
It was beginning to snow.	开始下雪了
Tom nodded encouragingly.	汤姆点头以示鼓励
She has hundreds of books.	她有几百本书
I'll be at home in the morning.	我早上会在家
Popcorn is my favorite snack.	爆米花是我最喜欢的零食
I arrived at the station on time.	我准时到达了车站
He promised to come, but he didn't come.	他保证过会来却没有来
He wrote this book at the age of twenty.	他在
She gave away all her dresses.	她把她所有的洋装都送人
I don't think you did this.	我不认为是你做的
The birds flew to the south.	群鸟南翔
Do you know why she couldn't come?	你知道她为什么不能来吗
Sometimes I can't help myself.	有时候我控制不住自己
Tom let us know he needs do that.	汤姆让我们知道他需要做
They helped one another to make the school festival a success.	他们互帮互助
What's that bird?	那只鸟是什么
Tom sells T-shirts at a 30 percent discount.	汤姆以七折销售
Are you going or not?	你去还是不去
I know that he can draw.	我知道他会画画
Let me have a look at those photos.	让我看看那些照片
I saw Tom.	我看见汤姆了
The world is beautiful.	世界真美好
I can't stand this noise.	我不能忍受这个噪音
You've got to be joking!	你一定是开玩笑
You should try this.	你应该试试这个
Tom is just a little nervous.	汤姆就是有点紧张
I come from a large family.	我从一个大家庭来
My father lives in the country.	我父亲住在乡下
Let's eat while the food is warm.	让我们趁热吃吧
World War I broke out in 1914.	第一次世界大战于
I need more time.	我需要更多时间
Tom didn't look happy at all.	汤姆看起来一点也不开心
It isn't practical.	这不实用
When the cat is away, the mice will play.	上司不在
I heard the song sung in French.	我听过这首歌的法语版
Could you call me back later?	你等一会然后再给我打电话
I owe you so much.	我欠你这么多
Get them before they get us.	先下手为强
Children are our future.	孩子是我们的未来
My stomach has been hurting.	我肚子疼
I wish I'd married another man.	我要是嫁给别人就好了
I can read German, but I can't speak it.	我能看德语
Tom has three other dogs.	汤姆还另有三条狗
I'll call for you at eight tomorrow morning.	我明早八点来接你
Take this medicine every six hours.	每六个小时吃一次这个药
The table was covered with dust.	桌子被灰尘覆盖
Remember Tom's advice.	记住汤姆的建议
What's your schedule for tomorrow?	你明天的行程安排是什么
We should call the doctor.	我们应该去请医生
The French Revolution began in 1789.	法国大革命
There's no time to explain.	没时间解释
He is on goods terms with all of his classmates.	他和所有同学的关系都不错
They are watching what's happening closely.	他们在仔细观看发生了什么
What are you concerned about?	你在担心什么呢
Tom is quite drunk now.	汤姆现在醉醺醺的了
Have you ever been hit by a car?	你被车撞过吗
I'm more interested in spoken English.	我对口语英语更感兴趣
Pass me the salt, would you?	把盐递给我好吗
I can't calm down.	我没办法冷静下来
We are here in the name of Jesus Christ and King Charles.	我们这里以耶稣基督和查理斯国王之名
Your question doesn't have an answer.	你的问题没有答案
I told Tom I wouldn't do that anymore.	我告诉汤姆我不会再做了
I neither drink nor smoke.	我既不抽烟又不喝酒
I'm extremely grateful to you.	我无法表达我对你的感谢
How did you come to know this?	你为什么会知道
This may not be a real diamond.	这可能不是真的钻石
Somebody should tell Tom how to behave.	有人应该告诉汤姆怎么表现
She speaks relatively quickly.	她说话相当快
I know the girl playing tennis.	我认识这个打网球的女孩
We looked out the window, but we didn't see anything.	我们看了窗外
I didn't recognize anyone in the room.	房子里面的人我一个也不认得
I was quite annoyed.	我被烦死了
Tom isn't a racist.	汤姆不是种族主义者
She came from Canada to see me.	她从加拿大来看我
I'm a professional photographer.	我是专业摄影师
How do you pronounce your name?	你怎么念你的名字
I should've left earlier.	我应该要早点出发的
Does Tom have a job?	汤姆有工作吗
You go to school, don't you?	你去上学
Do you know what PKO stands for?	你知道
Why is he here?	为什么他在这儿
Shall we start the meeting now?	现在是不是该开会了
Tom has been a friend of mine for years.	汤姆是我多年的朋友
I don't like being the one who always has to milk the cow.	我不喜欢做那个总是挤牛奶的人
They're in danger.	他们有危险
Don't give up on your dreams.	别放弃梦想
I worry about him.	我担心他
Let me do this for you.	让我为您做这件事
You've got to apologize.	你应该道歉
Please call me between seven and eight.	请在
Is Tom swimming?	汤姆在游泳吗
I want to become a singer.	我想当歌手
The truth can be more painful than a lie.	真相可能比谎言更令人痛苦
Fish is cheap today.	今天鱼很便宜
Can you tell me a little about yourself?	你能稍微告诉我关于自己的事情吗
The dog followed its master, wagging its tail.	狗摇著尾巴跟著主人
I don't think that it's a good decision.	我不认为这是一个好的决定
My grandfather can't hear very well.	我爷爷的听力不太好
Tom is the one I saw.	我看见的是汤姆
It might snow tonight.	晚上也许会下雪
You'll bounce back.	你会东山再起的
You made a wise choice.	你做了一个明智的选择
She loves Tom, not me.	她爱汤姆
The library is on the 4th floor.	图书馆在四楼
My TV has quit working.	我的电视已经坏了
Whose glass is this?	这是谁的杯子
Why did you buy a Japanese car?	你为甚么买日本车
He's taller than me.	他比我高
I liked Tom's first book more than the second.	相比第二本
The oranges in this bag are rotten.	这个袋子里的柳橙都烂了
My baby began crying, asking for milk.	我的宝宝开始哭了
Which do you prefer, rice or bread?	你比较喜欢哪一个
Call us.	联系我们
The area of the factory is 1,000 square meters.	工厂的面积是
She has no enemies.	她没有敌人
I couldn't bear to look at her.	我无法忍受看着她
It's nothing serious.	这没什么要紧的
I take a bath every day.	我每天洗一次澡
Her house is across the river.	她的房子在河的另一边
I'll get you some coffee.	我会给你带些咖啡
Tom doesn't like to discuss his work.	汤姆不喜欢谈论他的工作
Tom found out where Mary lives.	汤姆找到了玛丽的住处
She's asking for the impossible.	她在无理取闹
I'll send a message to Tom.	我会给汤姆发信息
Are you sure that you want to go there?	你确定你要去那儿吗
I'm sorry that I have kept you waiting so long.	让您等了很久
Are you going to eat all of that yourself?	你打算自己一人把它全部吃了吗
I would do it if I could.	我如果能做
Can you imagine what the 21st century will be like?	你能想象
Blood was everywhere.	到处都是血
I'm prepared to die.	我已经准备去死了
I've made a mistake.	我搞错了
I looked over my shoulder.	我回过头去
Have you ever seen him swimming?	你曾看过他游泳吗
The cost of living has risen.	生活费提高了
I don't care if it's a bit cold.	稍微冷点儿不要紧
Tom doesn't care about money.	汤姆不关心钱
We need to find Tom as quickly as we can.	我们要尽快找到汤姆
Beginners should learn spoken English first.	初学者应先学习口说英语
I made his son a new suit.	我给他的儿子做了一套新西装
He is proud of having been educated in the United States.	他对自己在美国读过书这件事感到很骄傲
I'll never see her again.	我再也不会见她了
I have a friend whose father is a famous writer.	我有个朋友的父亲是知名的作家
I'm concerned about Tom.	我在为汤姆担心
Who do you think broke the window?	你认为是谁打破了窗户
It was not until I reached home that I missed my purse.	那是在我到家以后
Is this ladder strong enough to bear my weight?	这个梯子是否足够坚固以承受我的重量
We're the same age.	他和我同岁
You should get your hair cut.	你该剪头发了
I want to see the movie.	我想看这部电影
That's his house.	那是他家
I don't like tea.	我不喜欢喝茶
Many friends came to see me off.	许多朋友来为我送行
I need my boots.	我需要我的靴子
I put it in the drawer.	我把它放在了抽屉里
Give me your location.	给我你的位置
Please serve him his meal first.	请先为他上菜
He wears glasses.	他戴眼镜
He was in time for the appointment.	他及时赴约了
Write your name in capitals.	把你的名字用大写写下来
He never speaks unless spoken to.	除非有人跟他说话
I don't have anything else I have to do today.	我今天没有更多的事要做的了
I've got a few friends.	我有一些朋友
I will wait here until he comes back.	我会等在这儿直到他回来
She isn't at home now.	她现在不在家
Some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old.	有些宝宝甚至在一岁之前就学习游泳了
It's time for a break.	是时候休息一下了
I can't remember which is my racket.	我不记得哪个是我的球拍
Who planted this tree?	谁种了这棵树
My father is in good health.	我父亲身体很健康
I need evidence.	我需要证据
Take a sweater with you so you don't catch a cold.	为了不感冒
Take the first street to the right.	第一条街右转
I talked to Tom last night.	昨晚我和汤姆说话了
The charge for a front row seat is 5 dollars.	第一排的座位
Turn right.	向右转
I'm really tired.	我累死了
I guess that would be all right.	我想那应该没关系的
You ought to have come here earlier.	你应该早点来的
Accuracy is important in arithmetic.	准确性在计算中很重要
This book is easy enough for them to read.	这本书他们读起来够简单了
She gave up her plans against her will.	她违背己愿放弃了她的计划
I'm here to help you.	我来这里帮你
One of the children left the door open.	其中一个孩子让门开著
Do you have a cell phone?	你有手机吗
I saw it in the newspaper.	我是在报纸上看到它的
He couldn't get the job.	他无法得到这份工作
Do you think there are aliens?	你觉着有外星人存在吗
A ring and some cash are missing.	少了一个戒指和一点现金
I was at home then.	那个时候
I sometimes play tennis with her.	有时我会跟她打网球
Ebola is one of the most virulent viruses known to man.	埃博拉是人类已知的最致命的病毒之一
"More coffee?" "No, thanks."	“	还要咖啡吗
It goes without saying that money can't buy happiness.	不言自明
Tom is shy.	汤姆害羞
We know what we're doing.	我们知道我们在做什么
He's the oldest son.	他是最年长的儿子
I'm sure he will come tomorrow.	我确定他明天会来
I have no idea who she is.	我不知道她是谁
Tom is there already.	汤姆己经在那里了
A few minutes after he finished his work, he went to bed.	他完成工作几分钟后
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.	我学习的时候不要打扰我
Tom will try to stop me for sure.	汤姆一定会来阻止我
It all seems so strange.	看起来全都太奇怪了
I don't know your reasons for not liking Tom.	我不知道你不喜欢汤姆的理由
Do you like music?	你爱音乐吗
That is all I know about him.	这就是我关于他知道的一切
The shell of an egg is easily broken.	蛋壳容易破碎
I guess that you heard about what happened this morning.	我想你听说今天早上发生什么了
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.	金窝银窝不如自己的狗窝
We agreed to share the housework.	我们同意分担家务
I so wanted to believe that.	我很想相信
Driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck.	在光滑的路上开车会导致车祸
You should've introduced yourself to the girl.	你应该向那个女孩自我介绍的
What time is it?	现在几点
Are you tired?	你累了吗
He will not listen to me.	他不会听我的
They treat me like a child.	他们把我当小孩
Please let us know.	请让我们知道
This plan will be very expensive to carry out.	这计划执行起来花销会很大
I'll take care of it.	我会关照它的
Did you see it?	您看见它了吗
Where do you live now?	你现在住在哪里
How tall are you?	你有多高
Stay here with Tom.	留在这和汤姆在一起
As I told you before, you have to do that by yourself.	我之前跟你说过
Do you think Tom is wealthy?	你认为汤姆有钱吗
Everyone seems tense.	每个人似乎都很紧张
He tried speaking French to us.	他试图跟我们说法语
Because his salary is low, he can't buy that house.	因为他的薪水太低
Tom is probably not very hungry right now.	汤姆现在应该不是特别饿吧
Foreign investors withdrew their money from America.	外国投资者从美国收回他们的钱
Are you going outside?	你去外面吗
She is certain to be surprised.	她肯定会大吃一惊的
The bathtub was filled with hot water and flower petals.	浴缸里满是热水和花瓣
I'm a student in a university.	我是一名大学生
We went down a river by canoe.	我们乘著独木舟向河的下游而行
He kept his promise.	他信守了他的承诺
It is important for old people to stay strong.	老人保持强健很重要
There's nothing I like more than swimming.	没有什么比游泳更让我开心
This river is safe to swim in.	在这条河里游泳很安全
He said nothing, which made her angry.	他什么也没说
You'll have to leave now.	你现在必须离开
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.	我吃腻了汉堡
How do you account for that?	你怎样作出的解释
Talking in the library is not allowed.	不准在图书馆里谈话
Do you run every day?	你每天都跑步吗
Is that your bedroom?	这是你的卧室吗
This is a fish.	这是一条鱼
It's easy to catch a cold.	很容易感冒
Terrific!	很棒
I have to go to bed.	我该去睡觉了
The young man is a doctor.	这个年轻人是医生
I don't like eggs.	我不喜欢吃鸡蛋
Can I use your telephone?	我能用你的电话吗
You shouldn't smoke so much.	你不该抽那么多烟
He hit the ball with his racket.	他用他的球拍击球
Tom says he's very rich.	汤姆说他很有钱
Nobody was there.	谁也不在那里
I would like to go to the concert with you.	我想和你一起去音乐会
We went halfway up the mountain.	我们爬到了半山腰
Do you want anything?	你想要什么吗
I'll phone you every night.	我每晚都给你打电话
What're your plans for the weekend?	你周末有什么计划
There were several rooms still vacant.	还有几间空房
There are many old temples in Kyoto.	京都有许多古刹
Which countries have you visited?	你去过哪些国家
I want to become an engineer.	我想要成为一位工程师
Could you come and see me tomorrow?	你明天可以来看我吗
Do you want to know why I lied to Tom?	你想知道为什么我对
Which is your book?	哪本是你的书
Tom just shook his head.	汤姆只是摇摇头
Tom said that he'd never been to Boston.	汤姆说他从来没去过波士顿
He is regarded as the best doctor in the village.	他被视为村里最好的医生
True friendship is based on mutual trust.	真正的友谊建立在彼此信任的基础上
Nobody watches her.	谁也没在看她
He is rather hard to please.	取悦他很难
The exhibition is now open.	展览现在已经开放
I've deleted the app.	我删除了这个应用
Don't forget to take a camera.	别忘了带个相机
We have all we need for now.	我们现在拥有了所有我们想要的
What time was she born?	她几点出生的
I saw a stranger enter that house.	我看到一个陌生人进了那间屋子
What a wonderful night!	多美妙的夜晚啊
All Tom needs is a little more time.	汤姆只是需要多一点时间
We ought to obey the law.	我们必须遵纪守法
Have we made progress?	我们取得进步了吗
He's crazy about you.	他被你迷住了
Tom watched Mary draw a picture.	汤姆看玛丽画一幅画
Why can't you come?	你为什么不能来
Do you live with your parents?	你和你的父母同住吗
He got injured in the traffic accident.	他在这场交通意外中受了伤
He has to repair the clock.	他必须修理这个时钟
How are you? Did you have a good trip?	你怎么样
I'm going to swim every day.	我要每天去游泳
She laid the work on him.	她派他去工作了
The earthworm wriggled when I touched it.	我碰蚯蚓的时候
Give me something to write with.	给我些可以写字的东西
She almost passed out.	她几乎喝晕了
I'm always thirsty.	我总觉得渴
I'm getting off at the next station.	我在下一站下车
You're one of my best friends.	你是我最好的朋友之一
These are our kids.	这是我们的孩子
How much did you bid?	你出价多少
I only want one.	我只想要一件东西
The teacher demonstrated the idea with an experiment.	这位老师用试验论证了这个想法
Don't be so childish.	不要那么幼稚
Why isn't anybody visiting my website?	为什么没人来我的网站呢
We have to leave in five minutes.	我们必须在五分钟之内离开
Where was it published?	它发表在哪里
The law isn't always fair.	法律并不总是公平的
I have so many ideas.	我有那么多的主意
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.	现在的日本与二十年前大不相同
How come you don't know this?	你怎么会不知道
I lost my ticket. What should I do?	我丢了我的票
He lost his eyesight in the accident.	他在意外中失明了
I'll take that as a compliment.	我就当你夸我了
It takes time to develop political awareness.	培养政治意识要花费时间
Tom is quite fussy.	汤姆相当挑剔
Are your hands clean?	你的手干净吗
My room is just below.	我的房间就在楼下
I hope Tom appreciates it.	我希望汤姆欣赏它
I don't want to go alone.	我不想独自前往
I bought a camera for 30 dollars.	我花
I'm fairly confident I can do that.	我相当有自信我能做到这一点
Your parents loved you very much.	你的父母很爱你
His house isn't far from this store.	他家离这间商店不远
Did you plan to eat all of that yourself?	你打算自己一人把它全部吃了吗
There is enough light to read by.	有足够的光线读书
I gave up smoking for a year.	我戒烟一年了
I suppose I felt a little jealous.	我想我感到有点嫉妒
This apple is too small.	这个苹果太小
Everyone knows that Bell invented the telephone.	任何人都知道贝尔发明了电话
I'm dying for a cold drink.	我迫切需要冷饮
I had to stay in bed all day.	我不得不一整天都呆在床上
This English composition is far from perfect.	这篇英语作文离完美还差得远
Tom never should've tried doing that by himself.	汤姆从来不应该尝试自己一个人做那些
Tom is old enough to go to school.	汤姆年纪足够去上学了
What do you think about that?	你觉得怎么样
He selected a Christmas gift for her.	他给她选了件圣诞礼物
A tiger has escaped from the zoo.	一只老虎逃出了动物园
I know very little about Tom.	我对汤姆知道得很少
I have nothing to fall back on.	我没什么可依靠的了
I never drink tea with lemon.	我从来不喝柠檬茶
Please feel free to call me up.	请随时都可以打电话给我
Could you take me to a movie?	你带我去看电影好吗
There was nobody there.	谁也不在那里
It's very hot this morning.	今天早上很热呢
Valuable time has been lost.	宝贵的时间已失去
What do you need?	你需要什么
She can play the piano.	她会弹钢琴
I met him at the barber's.	我在理发店碰到了他
I think that's not true.	我认为那不是真的
They didn't see us.	他们没看到我们
Tom adores Mary.	汤姆爱慕玛丽
Tom didn't need to stay if he didn't want to.	汤姆不想的话他是没必要留下的
I need to exercise more often.	我需要更经常地锻炼
Do you have a television?	你有电视吗
The earth orbits the sun once a year.	地球公转时间是一年
Tom is Mary's ex-boyfriend.	汤姆是玛丽的前男友
He has done it before.	他以前做过
Give me a light, would you?	借个火
She wore a white dress.	她穿了一件白色的洋装
Nobody knows when the earthquake will occur.	没有人知道地震何时会来
Have you eaten lunch?	你吃过午饭了吗
Don't forget to turn the light off.	不要忘了关灯
Mix the flour with two eggs.	把面粉和两颗鸡蛋混合
There's a telephone in the hall.	在大厅里有一支电话
She hasn't phoned since she went to London.	自她去了伦敦后
You don't need to speak so loud.	你不必这么大声说话
Milk is sold by the pint.	牛奶论品脱卖
Where is Tom from?	汤姆是哪里人
I'm sure Tom would approve.	我确定汤姆会同意
There's a doghouse in the yard.	院子里的是狗屋
What is your name?	您叫什么名字
I am afraid of death.	我怕死
Everything went smoothly.	一切进展顺利
I'd like to finish the work on my own.	我想要独立完成工作
I bought a book.	我买了一本书
We can hear the ocean from here.	我们从这里可以听到海的声音
My grandfather died five years ago.	我祖父五年前去世了
I was nervous, too.	我也紧张
Do you like this book?	你喜欢这本书吗
I accompanied her on the piano.	我弹钢琴为她伴奏
Were you working last night?	你昨晚在工作吗
That girl is good-looking.	那个女孩长得很好看
The boy got his hands dirty.	这个男孩把他的手弄脏了
English has now become the common language of several nations in the world.	英语现已成为世界上许多国家的通用语言了
Let them take care of themselves.	让他们照顾自己
The old man got in her way.	这个老人挡了她的路
I'm sorry, I can't stay long.	对不起
He will regret it sooner or later.	他迟早会后悔
Let me introduce you to him.	让我把你介绍给他
Give me my beer.	把我的啤酒给我
She is good at playing the piano.	她擅长弹钢琴
I got acquainted with him in France.	我在法国认识了他
Tom acted without thinking.	汤姆不加思索地行动
What are you hinting at?	你在暗示什么
The weather report says we'll get three inches of snow.	天气预报说会下三英寸雪
She wrote 5 novels in 5 years.	她在
Did you buy the pomegranate juice?	你买石榴汁了吗
Give Tom back his money.	把汤姆的钱还给他
I wish to be a doctor.	我希望成为医生
Our teacher made us clean the room.	我们老师要我们打扫这间房间
He walked in the park yesterday.	他昨天在公园里散步
I believed that he would keep his promise.	我相信他会信守诺言
He erased his speech from the tape.	他把他的那段话从磁带里删除了
My sister takes piano lessons twice a week.	我妹妹每周上两次钢琴课
Could you tell me what I have to do?	你能告诉我该怎么做吗
You never get my jokes.	你从来不明白我的玩笑
My grandfather is very healthy.	我的祖父非常健康
There was no one there besides me.	那儿除了我
He didn't know that.	他不知道
I wish I could speak English.	但愿我会讲英语
Do I look rich?	我看起来很有钱吗
Last summer I traveled to Italy.	去年夏天我去意大利旅行
I'm going to meet him tomorrow.	我明天要跟他见面
The children were well looked after.	孩子们被照顾得很好
His concert was great.	他的演唱会很棒
I dialed Tom's number.	我拨打了
He went away without saying a word.	他没说一句话就离开了
I have some good news for you.	我有好消息要告诉你
Europeans like to drink wine.	欧洲人都爱喝葡萄酒
A considerable amount of time and effort have been spent already.	已经花费了很多的时间和精力
What time was it when you entered the building?	你进这幢楼的时候是几点
I don't know right now.	我现在不知道
How do you spell your family name?	你的姓怎么拼
I often play football after school.	我常常在放学后踢足球
I can't afford to buy that.	我买不起那个
Give me a chance to make you proud of me.	给我机会来让你为我感到自豪
Lock the gate.	锁大门
Mary paid five dollars for her lunch.	玛丽用
I don't care as long as you are happy.	只要你开心就行了
That's really nice.	真好
Tell me what you want.	告诉我你要什么
Many books have been stolen.	很多书被盗了
I would like to brush up my English.	我想复习英语
If they hadn't noticed, there wouldn't have been any problems.	要是他们没有发现
Many kinds of birds live in Japan.	许多种鸟类住在日本
Her grandmother lived to be 88 years old.	她的祖母活到了
Here's your tea.	这是你的茶
Tom is away on vacation.	汤姆度假去了
My team is always losing.	我们队从来就没赢过
It's started raining again.	又开始下雨了
Coffee will be served after the meal.	咖啡将会在餐后供应
She has been dead for ten years.	她已经死了十年了
It is too expensive.	这太贵了
Go with these men.	跟这些人走
We talked about yesterday's test.	我们谈到了昨天的测验
I heard the news on the radio.	我从收音机听到了这个消息
My hands were shaking too much to thread the needle.	我的手抖得太厉害
My room is upstairs on the left.	我的房间在楼上的左边
I drink tea, too.	我也喝茶
He was sitting on the floor.	他坐在地上
I donate blood every three months.	我每三个月献一次血
My house is a long way from here.	我家离这儿很远
They're special.	他们很特别
Your driver's license has expired.	你的驾驶执照已经过期了
The weather is usually hot in July.	七月天气经常很热
I always get nervous just before a match.	比赛前我一直都很紧张
Turn the volume up so that the students at the back can hear.	声音大声一点
The dog is dying.	这只狗快要死了
This book is small.	这本书小
I miss you.	我想念你
They forgave him for his crimes.	他们原谅了他的罪行
His father is Japanese.	他父亲是日本人
I don't know if Tom can help us.	我不知道汤姆能不能幚我们
We're special.	我们是特别的
Tom saw the file.	汤姆看了文件
The air conditioner in the lab is broken.	实验室里的空调坏了
Take whatever you like.	你喜欢什么就拿吧
I thought Tom would never shut up.	我认为汤姆不会住口
How do you say that in Italian?	那个词用意大利语怎么说
He is at home.	他在家里
Please reconsider.	请重新考虑一下
The army quelled the rebellion.	军队镇压了叛乱
There are so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.	我有太多话想和你说
What time did you go to bed yesterday?	你昨天几点睡的
This isn't a trivial matter.	这不是鸡毛蒜皮的事
How often do you feed the fish?	你多久喂一次鱼
Something is wrong with the washing machine.	洗衣机有些不对劲
They say she and her husband can't agree on anything.	他们说她和她的丈夫不可能对任何事达成协议
He was in prison on a charge of robbery.	他以偷窃罪入狱
I went, too.	我也去了
He sat on the bench.	他坐在长凳上
I guess I haven't made myself clear.	我想我没有把话说清楚
A couch potato is something that I don't want to be.	我不想成为整天泡在沙发上看电视的人
I can do what I want.	我可以随心所欲
That film's really interesting.	那部电影很有意思
Breakfast is from seven to nine.	早餐时间在七点到九点
Tom loves flowers.	汤姆热爱花卉
She was holding an umbrella.	她握着一把伞
The telephone was invented by Bell.	电话是由贝尔发明的
Stop meddling.	别再插手
Sit down anywhere you want.	随便坐
Tom died recently.	汤姆最近死了
His wife is in the hospital because she was injured in a car crash.	他的妻子在医院里因为她在一场车祸中受伤了
You don't need to be there.	你不必去那里
Most people write about their daily life.	大部分人写的东西是关于他们的日常生活的
It's all Tom's fault.	全是汤姆的错
I want some paper.	我想要一些纸
Do you like flying?	你喜欢坐飞机吗
His behavior is worthy of respect.	他的行为值得尊重
He lost a book.	他弄丢了一本书
I'll miss you all so much.	我会很想念你们的
Can you use a computer?	您会使用计算机吗
Many TV programs have a bad influence on children.	许多电视节目对儿童有不良的影响
The children washed their feet.	孩子们洗了他们的脚
I don't want there to be any misunderstanding.	我不想有任何误会
I'm afraid not.	恐怕不行
He may be jogging around the park.	他可能在公园周围慢跑
Who invented that?	那是谁发明的
My sister sometimes makes our dinner.	我的妹妹有时为我们做晚餐
Dentists take x-rays to examine your teeth.	牙医用
My mother is a very good cook.	我妈妈的厨艺很好
Have you eaten your lunch yet?	你吃过午饭了吗
I'll call you back.	我会给你回电话的
Stop fooling around.	不要随便开玩笑
Could you write it down, please?	请你写下来好吗
Tom is happy.	汤姆高兴
Tom wouldn't hurt anyone.	汤姆不会伤害任何人
I might be able to fix that.	我或许可以修好它
The soldier groaned with pain.	这名士兵痛苦地呻吟
Tom came a little earlier today than he usually does.	汤姆今天来得比往常要早一些
There is a pair of scissors on the desk.	书桌上有一把剪刀
She's not as old as Mary.	她没有玛丽年纪大
Do you often come here?	您经常来这儿吗
Anything new?	有什么新鲜事吗
Tom can't swim.	汤姆不会游泳
We took turns with the driving.	我们轮流驾驶
I can't tell a frog from a toad.	我无法区分青蛙和蟾蜍
Tom's hands are shaking.	汤姆的手在颤动
Don't let them forget me.	别让他们忘了我
How unlucky I am!	我真的很倒霉
The job offer still stands.	这份工作录取仍然有效
I lost my key.	我钥匙丢了
That happens every day.	那样的事天天都有
Would anybody like some coffee?	有人要咖啡吗
What a pity!	多遗憾啊
Where are you right now?	你现在在哪里
We made the most of the opportunity.	我们尽力地利用了这个机会
No other dog is bigger than this.	别的狗都没这只狗大
I was alone in the classroom.	我独自待在教室里
What's your name?	你叫什么名字
Tom knew what Mary intended to do.	汤姆知道玛丽想做甚么
Tom isn't old.	汤姆不老
My eyesight is beginning to fail.	我的视力正慢慢下降
I'm afraid you have the wrong number.	我恐怕您打错电话了
He had his sister help him paint the wall of his room.	他让妹妹帮他涂他房间的墙
He's an old friend of mine.	他是我的老朋友
It's time to go.	是该离开的时候了
They fine you in Singapore if you throw trash in the streets.	在新加坡的街道上扔垃圾会被罚款
I managed to repair my car by myself.	我自己搞定
I don't remember anything about the incident.	我不记得事故的情况
Traffic lights work all the time.	红绿灯一直在运作
Tom isn't lying.	汤姆没有说谎
We instantly became friends.	我们马上成为了朋友
I'm taking an exam in January.	我一月份要参加考试
You could've answered that question.	你本来可以回答那问题
I was hot, so I switched on the fan.	我很热
Don't make noise when you eat soup.	当你喝汤的时候不要发出声音
I'd like to make more money.	我想赚更多钱
I felt a drop of rain on my head.	我感觉有滴雨落在头上
Our team lost all of its games.	我们的队伍输了所有的比赛
The Seine flows through Paris.	塞纳河穿越了巴黎
Don't be worried.	别担心
Which team do you think will win?	你觉得哪支球队会赢
Better be the head of a cat than the tail of a lion.	宁为猫头不为狮尾
How long did you think the picnic was going to last?	你认为野餐要多长时间
This time, it's different.	这一次不一样
She's about the same height as you.	她大概跟你一样高
Is that true?	真的
I like reading.	我喜欢阅读
Remember to buy mayo.	记得买蛋黄酱
This is so boring.	这太无聊了
I didn't hear anyone talking.	我没听到任何人在说话
I wish I had a better memory.	但愿我有好一点的记忆力
I'm the tallest one in the class.	我在班里是最高的
Sports are good for your health.	运动有益健康
She gave me a book for Christmas.	她给了我一本的书作为圣诞礼物
The room smelled of tobacco.	房里闻起来有股烟味
We made every effort to help him.	我们尽了一切努力来帮助他
After the hurricane, their house was a wreck.	暴风雨过后
Tom can do so much better than I can.	汤姆可以比我做得好很多
I didn't get the joke.	我没明白那个笑话
You should know this.	你该知道这事
Studying abroad is very common now.	现在出国留学是很常见的了
My uncle has a flower shop near the station.	我叔叔在车站附近有一家花店
Why didn't you read the magazine?	你为什么不读这杂志呢
She has been sick for three weeks.	她已经病了三个星期了
You shouldn't waste your time.	你不该浪费你的时间
She looked after the children.	她照顾孩子
How did you reply?	您回答了什么
Excuse me, but could you tell me how to get to Central Park?	不好意思
I love spending time with Tom.	我喜欢花时间和
He is much older than he looks.	他的实际年龄比他看起来老得多
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed.	修理我的脚踏车花了我一千日圆
We have a big supermarket.	我们有一个大超市
I was afraid I might be late.	我怕我可能迟到了
My brother and I shared the room.	我哥哥和我共用这间房间
He may be on the next train.	他可能在下一班火车上
What are you guys going to do?	你们这些家伙想去干什么
He doesn't have any friends.	他没有朋友
What else can this do?	这还有什么能做的
Do you know a good dentist?	你有认识好的牙医吗
She kept working.	她继续工作
I would like to have some more water.	请再给我一些水
Tom was talking in his sleep.	汤姆在说梦话
Dozens of young people attended the demonstration.	几十个年轻人参加了示威游行
Wine helps with digestion.	葡萄酒帮助消化
He knows almost nothing about that animal.	他几乎对那个动物一无所知
My father made me wash the car.	我父亲要我洗车
I returned the book to the library.	我把书还给图书馆
You're always criticizing me.	你总是批评我
Can I register for that class?	我可以登记这堂课吗
We can't let them do that.	我们不能让他们那么做
Please stay as long as you wish.	你想待多久就待多久
She was reading a gardening manual.	她正在读一本园艺手册
Take your time.	你可以慢慢来
Tom hurried so he wouldn't miss the train.	汤姆加紧步伐以赶上火车
France is to the south of England.	法国在英国的南边
I solved the problem easily.	我很容易地解决了这个问题
What're you reading?	你在看什么
He often eats breakfast there.	他常常在那里吃早餐
It's no use trying to escape.	试图逃跑是没有用的
A man can't escape his past.	人无法逃避过去
Tom said he thought that he should study French.	汤姆说他认为他该学法语
She was busy with household work.	她忙于家务
He took out some coins.	他拿出了几枚硬币
It would be wonderful if you could sing at our wedding.	你能在我们的婚礼上唱歌就太好了
They say that golf is very popular in Japan.	他们说高尔夫在日本很流行
Tom is obese, isn't he?	汤姆很胖
Somebody must care for the patient.	一定要有人照顾病人
Open your eyes, please.	请睁开眼睛
What am I to do now?	怎么办
Tom fixed his bicycle.	汤姆修好了他的自行车
I wonder what this phrase means.	我想知道这句话的意思
We had a kid just last year.	就在去年我们有了一个孩子
What time does your plane leave?	你的飞机什么时候起飞
She married a musician.	她和一位音乐家结了婚
I've lost my pen.	我弄丢了我的笔
This word comes from Greek.	这个词来源于希腊语
I'm sorry for the late response.	我很抱歉回复晚了
I'm sure that he'll come on time.	我确定他会准时来
I don't want something like this to happen.	我不想这种事发生
Tom said he's considered quitting his job.	汤姆说他考虑辞职
Why don't the police arrest Tom?	为什么警察不逮捕
She introduced me to her father.	她把我介绍给她父亲
What's happened?	怎么了
How long were you in jail?	你在监狱里呆了多久
I'm coming tonight.	我今晚会过去
Could you tell me how to get there?	请问我该怎么去那里
Do I need to transfer?	我需要换乘吗
I get a kick out of life.	我为人生感到很开心
His parents took him for a walk.	他的父母带他去散步
Would you like some coffee?	你要喝咖啡吗
Water the flowers before you have breakfast.	吃早餐之前先浇花
This is my bedroom.	这是我的卧室
Tom has admitted he was there that night.	汤姆承认他那晚是在那里
Are you sure you don't want me to say anything?	你确定要我什么都不说
I don't want to quit this job.	我不想辞去这份工作
I can't believe my eyes.	我无法相信自己的眼睛
I like dogs, but my sister likes cats.	我喜欢狗
I asked each boy three questions.	我问了每个男孩三个问题
I'm not so brave.	我没那么勇敢
Light the candle.	把蜡烛点燃
I think we're in trouble.	我认为我们有麻烦
I don't really want to live in Australia.	我不怎么想住在澳大利亚
Maybe Tom was sleepwalking.	Tom	也许在梦游
There were two cakes.	那有两块蛋糕
I'd like to try on this dress.	我想试穿这件衣服
Tom is still upset.	汤姆还是不安
Tom isn't foolish.	汤姆不傻
Ask Tom.	去问汤姆
I'll keep my word, whatever may happen.	不管发生什么
That's the chair that I really like.	那是我真的很喜欢的椅子
He cleansed the wound before putting on a bandage.	他先清洗了伤口
He is afraid of death.	他害怕死亡
I wish you could come with us.	但愿你可以跟我们一起来
He was involved in the trouble.	他被卷进了是非中
Don't walk alone after dark.	不要一个人在黑暗中走
It's no use trying to persuade her.	试图劝她是没有用的
Send for the doctor at once.	立刻派人去请医生来
Excuse me, where is the train station?	抱歉
She went upstairs to her bedroom.	她上楼到她的卧室
I always lock my room.	我总是锁上我的房间
He loses his temper quite easily.	他很容易发脾气
You smoke far too much. You should cut back.	你吸太多烟了
Some people questioned his honesty.	有些人质疑他的诚实
When water freezes it becomes ice.	水结冻后
He has three times as many books as I have.	他的书有我的三倍多
She left her gloves in the car.	她把她的手套留在车上了
I was born 20 years ago.	我二十年前出生
I don't want to lose you again.	我不想再失去你
Why are you two always fighting?	为何两位总是在打架
My father can swim, but my mother can't.	我父亲会游泳但我母亲不会
You can have a ride on my motorcycle.	你可以骑上我的摩托车去遛一圈
He has a lot of books on history.	他有很多历史书籍
There was a steady increase in population.	人口稳定地增加
This medicine will decrease your pain.	这种药会减轻你的疼痛
Everyone except Tom ate pizza.	所有人除了汤姆都吃了比萨
She was buried in her hometown.	她被安葬在她的家乡
Are you still at home?	你们还在家里吗
The flood caused a lot of damage.	洪水造成了很大的损害
He is careless about money.	他不关心钱
I had a wonderful time.	我玩得很愉快
He preferred working to doing nothing.	他更愿意工作而不是无所事事
Tom is standing in the corner of the room.	汤姆正站在房间的角落
I agree with you completely.	我完全赞同你
Tom is indispensable.	汤姆是必不可少的
When she was in Los Angeles, she had at least six different jobs.	当她在洛杉矶的时候
Tom intends to play tennis every day during his summer vacation.	汤姆打算暑假每天打网球
It is not easy to catch a hare with your bare hands.	空手赤拳抓野兔并不容易
Do you want to dance with me?	你愿意和我跳舞吗
This isn't new.	这不是新的
Do you speak French well?	你法语说得好吗
He attributed his success to good luck.	他把他的成功归功于好运
I'm going to stop trying to be friendly with you.	我不跟你要好了
I bought it at a department store.	我在百货公司买了它
There are many books in my room.	我房间里有很多书
That book was interesting.	那本书很有趣
I need a bag. Will you lend me one?	我需要个包
Tom looked at Mary suspiciously.	汤姆怀疑地看着玛丽
We had to go there together.	我们必须一起去
A lot of trees were cut down.	很多树被砍倒
Tom couldn't decide where to begin.	汤姆不能决定从哪里开始
Weeds sprang up in the garden.	花园里杂草丛生
They come from the south of France.	他们是从法国南部来的
He is just my age.	他和我同岁
Tom isn't unhappy.	汤姆不是不高兴
You've got to go.	你们得走了
I can't find the broom.	我找不到扫把了
The things he says are not the least bit important.	他说的话根本毫无意义
Where is Tom's classroom?	汤姆的教室在哪里
I drank too much yesterday.	我昨天喝多了
What do you think I was doing before?	你觉得我之前在做什么
Australia is the world's fifth-largest coal producer.	澳大利亚是世界第五大煤炭产地
Between you and me, Tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.	汤姆的主意我不太感兴趣
The blanket is still wet.	这个毯子还是湿的
I have some English books.	我有一些英文书
Should I cancel the call?	我该取消通话吗
In order to do that, you have to take risks.	要这么做
Tom did a lot of great things.	汤姆做了许多大事
If you had left home a little earlier you would have been in time.	如果你早点出门的话
None of those books are useful.	这些书里没有一本是有用的
He is two years older than you.	他比你大两岁
Why do you work here?	你为什么在这儿工作
What's your favorite small town in Australia?	你最喜欢的澳大利亚的小镇是哪里呀
I caught five fish yesterday.	我昨天钓了五条鱼
I have a lot of homework.	我有很多功课
It's none of your concern.	这不关你的事
I think he is not home.	我觉得他不在家
I feel weak.	我感到虚弱
It's only your imagination.	那只是你的想象
Do you want to buy something?	你要买点东西吗
We felt the house shake a little.	我们感觉到房子摇动了一下
My sister washes her hair every morning.	我妹妹每天早上洗头发
Someone is calling you.	有人在叫你
Speak clearly.	讲清楚
My son is tired of hamburgers.	我的儿子厌烦了汉堡包
I'll drop you off at the station.	我载你到车站
Where were you?	之前你在哪里
I never played golf.	我从没玩过高尔夫
Stop bothering me.	不要烦我
Tom was never very good at swimming.	汤姆从来不擅长游泳
I have a stupid question.	我有一个愚蠢的问题
Please leave me alone.	请让我静一静
I'll try harder next time.	下次我会更加努力
For the time being, I must share this room with my friend.	眼下我不得不和我朋友同住这间房间
Tom and I are good friends.	汤姆和我是好朋友
The kids are picking flowers in the garden.	孩子们正在花园里摘花
Why did you paint the bench red?	为什么你把长凳漆成红色了
We have to have fun somehow.	我们总得找点乐子
I'm the best.	我是最好的
I noticed a pattern.	我注意到一个图案
I wanted to see Tom's room.	我就想看看汤姆的房间
It's eight miles from here to London.	从这里到伦敦要八英里
I am going to buy a new car.	我要买辆新车
No matter how often I tell her, she keeps making the same mistake.	不管我跟她说了多少次
You can go or stay, as you wish.	你走或留
She saw a tall man yesterday.	她昨天看见一个高大的男人
I don't think she can speak French.	我认为她不会讲法语
You can't drink seawater because it's too salty.	你不能喝海水
Any book will do.	哪一本书都行
This story is true.	这个故事是真的
The organization furnished the refugees with food.	那个团体为难民们提供食品供给
I promise it won't happen again.	我保证它不会再发生
Wouldn't you like to eat?	您不想吃饭吗
I take a bath every other day.	我每两天洗一次澡
There are fifty states in the United States.	美国有
God helps those who help themselves.	自助者天助
Swimming makes your legs strong.	游泳使腿部强健
That's the part I liked best.	那是我最喜欢的部分
Are you meeting someone here?	你在这里是要见谁吧
This place still looks the same as it did a long time ago.	这里就像在古时候一样
This is mine.	这是我的
Could you send me a brochure?	你能寄宣传册给我吗
Could you please sign the register?	请您在登记册上签名好吗
He's a comedian.	他是喜剧演员
My hobby is collecting old bottles.	我的嗜好是收集旧瓶子
They let me go.	他们让我走
She rested her head on her mother's shoulder.	她把头枕在母亲的肩膀上
She respects her teacher a lot.	她非常尊敬她的老师
The flood water reached the level of the windows.	洪水涌到了窗户的高度
Swimming at night is dangerous.	夜里游泳很危险
Did you go to the supermarket?	你去过超市了吗
I'll just sit here.	我就坐这儿
Have you handed in your homework?	你交功课了吗
She has a strong personality.	她有很强的个性
The plan was carried out.	计划被执行了
You're on the right track.	你的想法是对的
There is a little water left.	还剩一点水
I was very busy last week.	上星期我非常地忙
That is mine.	那是我的
Do you like Japanese food?	你喜欢日本料理吗
I had hoped that my mother would live until I got married.	我曾经希望我妈妈能活到我结婚的时候
You have to wait for the next bus.	你得等下一班公车
We grow a variety of crops.	我们种植各种的作物
Where do you want to go?	你想去哪里
Don't tell me you didn't know.	别跟我说你不知道
We are going to leave tomorrow.	我们明天要离开
He can pull strings for you.	他能为你暗箱操作
A cat has a tail and four legs.	一只猫有一条尾巴和四只脚
You need protection.	你需要保护
Tom let us know that he needs do that.	汤姆让我们知道他需要做
You should give up smoking and drinking.	你该戒烟戒酒了
Tom is a professional magician.	汤姆是个专业的魔术师
He is proficient in Farsi.	他精通波斯语
Our restaurant is better than that restaurant.	我们的饭店比那家饭店好
She can't play the piano very well.	她无法把钢琴弹得很好
Don't you like baseball?	你不喜欢棒球吗
She makes me happy.	她让我幸福
Tom folded the paper before handing it to Mary.	在传给玛丽之前
Clean your room.	打扫一下你的房间
Tom still drinks, but not as much as he used to.	汤姆还是喝
Tom didn't seem to be intimidated.	汤姆似乎没有被吓到
She and I are classmates.	她和我是同学
Please sit down.	请坐下
You can't fire us.	你不能炒了我们
My father runs a restaurant.	我的父亲经营一家餐馆
Life without love has no meaning at all.	没有爱情的生活毫无意义
What time did you go to sleep yesterday?	你昨天几点睡的
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.	目前哈里发塔是世界上最高的摩天大楼
Mary is going to help us tomorrow.	玛丽明天会帮我们
Can you speak French well?	你法语说得好吗
It was only a dream.	只是一场梦罢了
He hasn't come already, has he?	他并没有来
Japan's rice market is closed to imports.	日本米市场禁止进口
Tom walks slowly.	汤姆走得很慢
I can teach you how to swim.	我能教你怎样游泳
He's the only survivor in the village.	他是村子里面唯一在世的人
It's fun to learn slang words in foreign languages.	学习外语里的俚语很有趣
I don't remember.	我记不得了
I don't know for certain when he will come.	我不知道他来这里的确切时间
It is imperative for you to act at once.	您必须马上行动
We have to obey the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
I am tall.	我个子高
These days it snows quite a lot.	这些天下了好多雪
I'll do my best not to disturb your studying.	我会尽量不打扰你复习
We made friends with them.	我们与他们交朋友了
Tom hasn't finished yet.	汤姆还没完成
It's a risk that Tom and I aren't willing to take.	我和汤姆都不愿意冒这个险
Tom and Mary are studying together in the library.	汤姆和玛丽在图书馆一起学习
Tom brings us gifts whenever he visits.	汤姆每次来看我们的时候都给我们带礼物
I don't feel like taking a walk this morning.	我今天早上不想散步
That isn't the problem.	不是这个问题
We want you to marry Tom.	我们希望你和汤姆能结婚
No problem.	没问题
I am busy today.	我今天忙
I couldn't get the point of his speech.	我不能抓到他演讲的重点
She didn't go far.	她没有走远
What are you up to?	你打算做什么
There's a hole in this bucket.	这个桶子上有个洞
Apart from on rainy days, I always ride my bike to work.	除了雨天
She's Tom's older sister.	她是
What did you have to eat?	你必须吃什么
I couldn't hear you.	我听不见你
I had a slight headache last night.	我昨晚有轻微的头痛
Tom admitted to spilling the red wine.	Tom	承认了他摔了红酒
Tom was there physically, but not mentally.	汤姆人在心不在
She had a pleasant dream last night.	她昨晚做了个美梦
I have been to Rome.	我去过罗马
Let me make you some tea.	我来给你沏茶
That's too bad.	太可惜了
Your plan sounds great.	你的计划听起来很不错
My dad used to be a miller.	我父亲以前是磨坊主
In my opinion, you're wrong.	在我看来
I bought a new computer last month.	上个月我买了一台新电脑
I love to make people laugh.	我喜欢逗人笑
There are many ways to improve one's life.	有很多的方法可以改善人的一生
The rain prevented me from going out.	下雨使我无法出门
They are separated by a great distance.	他们之间隔着很远的距离
The war lasted nearly ten years.	这场战争持续了将近十年
Tom has large hands.	汤姆的手大
He was killed in the war.	他死于战争
She didn't show up at the party yesterday.	昨天的派对上她并没有如约而至
I was not drunk.	我没醉
No one thinks Tom will win the race.	没人认为汤姆赛跑会赢
That requires careful consideration.	这需要慎重考虑
I think you know that's not true.	我认为你知道那不是真的
They didn't obey their parents.	他们没有遵从他们的父母
Everyone loves that place.	每一个人都喜欢那个地方
What are you doing at school this afternoon?	你们今天下午在学校做些什么
I'll get some help.	我会需要帮助
She gave birth to a daughter yesterday.	她昨天生了一个女儿
The telephone rang a few minutes later.	几分钟后
This table is reserved.	这个桌子被预约了
Is your headache gone?	你的头痛治好了
She always takes her grandmother for a walk.	她一直带奶奶去散步
He ate all of the apple.	他把整个苹果都吃了
We're out of stock now.	我们现在缺乏库存
I don't sleep in a bed.	我不在床上睡觉
This is real easy.	这真的很简单
"Where's your book?" "On the table."	「	你的书在哪
We must obey the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
Come on in.	进来
Tom knows a lot of people.	汤姆交际广
That is no business of his.	那不关他的事
Doesn't that change things?	那能改变甚么吗
Do I sound like I'm in love?	听起来像是我恋爱了吗
Are you out of bed?	你起床了吗
I'm fixing the washing machine.	我在修洗衣机
I watch my weight very carefully.	我非常注意我的体重
Show me a cheaper one, please.	请给我看看便宜一点的
Suddenly, it began to rain.	突然开始下雨
I heard my name called.	我听见有人叫我
I ate lunch in a hurry.	我匆忙地吃了午饭
I want a good dictionary.	我想要本好词典
She has to take a remedial course in English.	她需要上英语补习班
Something is changing.	有些东西在变化
Where are you going to be?	你会在哪里
I'm fixing the radio which I found on my way home.	我在修理回家路上捡到的收音机
Tom told Mary to ask John to help.	汤姆告诉玛丽去找约翰求助
I want a few empty glasses.	我要一些空的玻璃杯
I usually go to school by bus.	我经常搭公车上学
You can count on it.	你可以依靠它
Playing tennis is a lot of fun.	打网球很有趣
I hear you've got a new girlfriend.	听说你有新女朋友了
That bridge is very beautiful.	那座桥很漂亮
It's wrong to deceive people, but worse to deceive yourself.	欺骗别人是错的
The buildings look so tiny.	大楼看上去那么寒酸
She cooked the dinner herself.	她自己煮晚餐了
All of my software is open source.	我的软件全都是开源的
Give me some milk, too.	也给我一些牛奶
You cheated.	你作弊了
Please divide the pizza into three parts.	请把披萨分成三份
This is a very hard mattress.	这个床垫很硬
His speech moved us.	他的演说打动了我们
You should go.	你应该去
My hands and legs are swollen.	我的手和脚都肿了
Don't ever underestimate Tom.	千万不可低估汤姆
He earns a good salary.	他收入可观
She testified that she saw the man.	她作证说她看见了这名男子
Do you plan to stay long?	你打算长时间停留吗
I haven't changed.	我没改变
Japan is located in the Northern Hemisphere.	日本位于北半球
You are drunk!	你喝醉了
He took poison by mistake.	他误服了毒药
You have no fever.	你没发烧
He blamed me for the accident.	他为这个意外指责我
We enjoyed singing songs together.	我们喜欢一起唱歌
Tom picked up the knife.	汤姆拿起了刀
It's my money.	那是我的钱
My boss made me work last Sunday.	上周日我的老板要我工作
Do what you think is right.	做你认为正确的事
My brother goes to college in Tokyo.	我兄弟在东京上大学
The police are looking into the matter.	警方正在调查
She is capable of teaching English.	她可以教英语
The audience was very large.	观众人数庞大
I don't mind if I get wet.	我不介意被弄湿
I don't care what they say.	我不在乎他们说什么
I know what Tom is doing.	我知道汤姆在做什么
I'll be right with you.	我马上就来
Where did you see her?	你在哪儿看到了她
It has nothing to do with me.	它跟我没关系
I noticed she was wearing a new hat.	我注意到她当时戴了顶新帽子
Can't we work this out?	我们做不成吗
I sometimes still think about her.	有时候
The dog growled at a little boy.	这只狗对著一个小男孩咆哮
The accident happened near his home.	事故发生在他家附近
This book is popular with students.	这本书受到学生的欢迎
English is useful in diplomacy and tourism.	英语在外交和旅游业方面很有用
I bought a new sewing machine.	我买了一台新的缝纫机
Tom has loved Mary for a long time.	汤姆爱玛丽很久了
He should have the right to decide for himself.	他应该有权利去自己做决定
What're you saying?	你在说什么呢
Many workers were laid off at that plant.	那个工厂开除了很多工人
English is studied in China, too.	在中国的人也研读英语了
We still have a chance.	我们还有次机会
Tom was tired.	汤姆累了
We're friends from way back.	我们是老朋友了
It's too expensive.	这太贵了
These shoes are too tight. They hurt.	这些鞋子太紧了
He's sleeping like a baby.	他正睡着
We just have to make sure Tom is planning to be here.	我们只是需要确认
We went for a walk in the forest.	我们去了林中散步
I think so, too.	我也这么认为
I am very sad.	我很难过
Your guess is almost right.	您差不多猜对了
I caught the flu.	我感冒了
The Swiss consume a large amount of beer.	瑞士人消耗不少啤酒
He lives by himself.	他一个人生活
We have an elevator in our new house.	我们的新家有一台电梯
This is a stupid design.	这份设计很蠢
I've got wine.	我有酒
You're too modest.	你太谦虚了
I love you more than you love me.	我爱你多于你爱我
She has many friends in Hong Kong.	她在香港有很多朋友
My leg was bitten by that dog.	我的腿被那只狗咬了
With her help, my French improved little by little.	在她的帮助下
Blondes earn 7% more than women with any other hair color.	金发女郎比其他颜色头发的女人多赚
The lecture lasted for two hours.	这场演讲持续了两个小时
I watch TV all day.	我一天到晚看电视
We saw the ground covered with snow.	我们看见地面被雪覆盖了
Don't go above the speed limit.	不要超速
The next concert will take place in June.	下一场音乐会将在六月份举办
Try it.	试试吧
This car needs washed.	这辆车需要清洗
What do I have to do now that I'm registered?	我注册了
I thought that that was a great story.	我觉得那是个很棒的故事
Bring the water to a boil.	把水烧开
Don't try to do this by yourself.	别想靠你自己做这事
I agreed with her.	我同意她
What are your hobbies?	你的爱好是什么
She resented being called a coward.	她对被称为懦夫很反感
Our library is on the third floor.	我们的图书馆在三楼
She fell down the ladder.	她从梯子上摔了下来
He was accused of stealing money.	他被指控偷钱
Do you want to stay any longer?	你想再待下去吗
Constant dripping wears away a stone.	滴水穿石
India gained independence from Britain in 1947.	印度于
She made cookies for the children.	她为孩子们做了饼干
Swimming is easy.	游泳很容易
I got a good grade in English.	我的英文成绩很好
You're sick!	你有病
I understand it more or less.	我大概懂了
Can you give me some money?	你能给我一些钱吗
Can Tom buy that for us?	汤姆能给我们买吗
How much is the rent per month?	一个月的租金多少
The main problem with Tom is that he has no sense of humor.	汤姆的主要问题是他一点幽默感都没有
When was Tom fired?	汤姆什么时候被解雇的
We know that all men are mortal.	我们知道人皆难免一死
Do you know where I live?	你知道我住哪吗
He even called me an idiot.	他甚至骂我傻瓜
This is exactly what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
May I open my eyes now?	我现在能睁眼吗
I don't understand.	不明白
I'd better be on my way.	我该走了
She should have arrived home by now.	她现在应该已经到家了
You'd better go to bed at once.	你最好立马去睡觉
No one cares what I think.	没人关心我想什么
He's stronger than you.	他比你强壮
We spent the entire day on the beach.	我们一整天在沙滩上
I was the last one to see Tom.	我是见汤姆的最后一个
Get a grip on yourself.	冷静下来
May I eat this orange?	我可以吃这个柳橙吗
You ought to ask for your teacher's permission.	你应该请求你的老师允许
Please turn out the lights.	请关灯
I was shocked by yesterday's news.	昨天的消息让我感到震惊
How many Chinese characters can you write?	你会写多少汉字
This is a Chinese restaurant.	这是家中国餐厅
He's about the same age as you are.	他岁数和你差不多
When did you begin to learn English?	你什么时候开始学英语的
He loves trains.	他喜欢火车
It is 7:45.	现在是
Tom didn't want to disappoint Mary.	汤姆不想让玛丽失望
Please replace the empty ink cartridge in the printer.	请把打印机里面的空的墨粉鼓换掉
You've cut my hair too short.	你把我的头发剪得太短了
We'll always be friends.	我们永远都会是朋友
I want you to wait for me.	我想让你等我
Tom said that Mary was asleep.	汤姆说玛丽在睡觉
I want Tom put in prison.	我想让汤姆进监狱
I don't think this is Tom's umbrella.	我认为这不是汤姆的伞
Tom said that he needed more money.	汤姆说他需要更多钱
Tom is ill.	汤姆生病了
He carried a bag full of apples.	他拿着一个装满了苹果的袋子
At what hour was she born?	她几点出生的
He was killed in a car accident.	他死于一场车祸
I don't think that he's honest.	我不觉得他很诚实
He is able to play the guitar.	他会弹吉他
Did you know that some foxes lived on this mountain?	你知道有些狐狸住在这座山上吗
Where's the nearest train station?	最近的火车站在哪里
I want to be as tall as Tom.	我想和
How much time does it take?	要多久
He went to New York on Monday.	他星期一去了纽约
I am expecting a letter from her.	我期待她的来信
I just remembered that I was supposed to buy a loaf of bread.	我才想起来我之前该买个面包
You can't come in with this.	你不能跟我们进来
He goes to London once a month.	他一个月去一次伦敦
He's been sick in bed for four days.	他已卧病在床四天了
This machine is out of order.	这个机器出故障了
A true gentleman would not betray his friends.	一个真正的绅士不会出卖他的朋友
Would you like me to help you?	你要我帮你吗
Those are my pants.	那些是我的裤子
Was the soup tasty?	这汤好喝吗
Everybody lies.	每个人都会说谎
Why don't you come dancing with me?	为什么你不来跟我跳舞
She writes to me once a month.	她一个月写一次信给我
He married a stewardess.	他娶了一个空姐
I often played tennis with her.	我常常和她打网球
Five years is too long to wait.	五年太漫长而无法等待
Thank you, I've had enough.	谢谢你
His father passed away last year.	他的父亲去年过世了
I'm not sick.	我没生病
I feel cold.	我觉得冷
I guess it's only a joke.	估计那就是个笑话吧
I'll telephone you every night.	我每晚都给你打电话
He taught us that Columbus discovered America.	他教导我们说
I never make a speech without being nervous.	我没有一次演讲的时候是不紧张的
He's three years older than she is.	他比她大三岁
Nobody is too old to learn.	没有人会因为太老而不能学习
She has a very quick mind.	她反应很快
I agree with Tom a hundred percent.	我百分之百同意
I don't quite understand what he says.	我不太明白他说什么
Tom often walks to school.	汤姆经常步行去学校
It's worth a try.	它值得一试
Let's start.	我们开始吧
I don't like to eat nattō.	我不喜欢吃纳豆
I found the test difficult.	我觉得这个测试很难
I haven't finished my homework yet.	我还没做完作业
I love him, but he loves someone else.	我爱他
Tom told me that I shouldn't ever do that.	汤姆说我绝不该做
I need you to help me find Tom.	我需要你帮我找汤姆
There must be a way to arrive at a diplomatic solution.	必须有外交解决的途径
I'm fed up with eating in restaurants.	我受够了在餐馆吃饭
I'll see to it.	由我来做
He picked up a mirror and examined his tongue.	他拿了面镜子细看自己的舌头
You can buy it at any bookstore.	你可以在任何一家书店买到它
Do you still like me?	你还喜欢我吗
Why do you want to buy this book?	您为什么想买这本书
My father died before I was born.	我出生前
I'm glad to make your acquaintance.	我很高兴能够认识您
It's almost midnight here.	这里已经是午夜了
Tom robbed a bank.	汤姆抢了家银行
He tried to sleep on the floor.	他试著在地板上睡觉
Two men are checking on what's wrong with the car.	两个男人在检查汽车出了什么故障
Tom didn't mention seeing Mary.	汤姆没有提到他看见了玛丽
Every one of her songs was a hit.	她的每首歌都长期备受欢迎
Every time I read the Bible, I am deeply moved.	每次我读圣经都会被深深地感动
The room was full of smoke.	这个屋子里满是烟雾
If you get sleepy, just tell me.	困了的话就说哦
Tom has been sick in bed for three weeks.	汤姆已经因病卧床三周了
I don't know her, nor do I want to.	我不认识她
I'd like a room in the front.	我想要一间前面的房间
I really appreciate what you've done.	我真的很感激你所做的一切
We promised to stand by him in case of trouble.	我们承诺万一他有麻烦的时候支持他
He is often absent from school.	他经常翘课
I was always good at English.	我一直都擅长英文
Spring is over, and summer has begun.	春天过去了
I'm sick of eating fast food.	我受够吃快餐了
I don't want to do anything risky.	我不想做任何冒险的事
He is a man of ability.	他是个能干的男人
Tom is by far the tallest boy in our class.	汤姆远比我们班其他男孩高
We had a late lunch at two.	我们在两点钟很晚才吃午餐
I'm studying several languages.	我在学几门语言
Is this your family?	这是你的家人吗
This dam supplies us with water and electricity.	这个水坝给我们提供水和电
Tom has many friends living in Boston.	汤姆有很多朋友住在波士顿
Can you ride a horse?	你会骑马吗
Do you want to know why I quit?	您想知道为什么我要离开吗
I studied French when I was in high school.	我上高中的时候学过法语
Why don't you stay here?	你为什么不留在这里
I enjoyed talking with you this evening very much.	今晚我非常享受和你的聊天
Let's begin on page 30.	让我们从第
She was scared to cross the road.	她怕过马路
The tourists were fascinated with the exquisite scenery.	观光客被独特的景致所吸引
If time permits, I'll visit the museum.	如果时间允许
He threw a ball over the fence.	他把球扔过了栅栏
Tom has more books than Mary.	汤姆的书比玛丽的还多
They should arrive by ten o'clock.	他们应该十点前到
She gave him the car.	她给了他车
Tom counted his money.	汤姆数了他的钱
We can't just fire Tom.	我们不能仅仅就这样炒了汤姆
He left the room.	他走出了房间
My uncle gave me a camera.	我叔叔给了我一个照相机
Your English is improving.	你的英语正在进步
I always have trouble remembering names.	我经常忘记别人的名字
What does it contain?	它包含了什么
I have to help my mother.	我必须帮忙我母亲
Stop worrying.	别担心了
I asked him many questions about ecology.	我问了他许多关于生态环境的问题
Who has the edge now?	目前谁占上风
He came to my office yesterday.	他昨天来我的办公室
How do you know about this?	你为什么会知道
Tom is writing a letter to his best friend.	汤姆在给他最好的朋友写信
I thought he would come.	我以为他会来的
Did you see a brown wallet around here?	你在附近看见过一只咖啡色的钱包吗
There's nothing good on television.	电视上没有什么好事
I feel much better today.	我今天感觉好多了
The milk is sour.	牛奶酸了
It's supper time.	吃晚饭的时间到了
Why would they need to do that?	为什么他们会需要那么做呢
People who will lie for you, will lie to you.	会为你说谎的人
You'd better stay here a little longer.	你最好在这里待久一点
My father made me a delicious lunch.	我父亲为我做了一顿美味的午餐
Tom will likely never do that again.	汤姆不太会再去做那事了
You and I have the same idea.	你和我有相同的想法
Tom told Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to help.	汤姆对玛丽说
Tom is reading a short story.	汤姆在读短篇小说
People must love one another.	人要爱他人
Let's go home.	让我们回家吧
He is unfit to be a teacher.	他不适合当老师
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.	我已经找了很久的工作
I don't know if you feel the same as I do.	我不知道你是否和我有一样的感觉
Tom doesn't like women who wear too much makeup.	汤姆不喜欢妆化太浓的女人
My brother loves taking pictures of mountains.	我弟弟很喜欢拍山的照片
There was nothing that the doctors could do.	医生甚么也做不了
Can you guess how old I am?	你能猜到我的年龄吗
The party will be held outdoors, weather permitting.	若天气许可的话
Don't look into my room.	不要往我房间里看
She was accepted by Harvard.	她被哈佛录取了
I got slapped on both cheeks.	我两个脸颊都被打了
This is a comfortable chair.	这是张舒服的椅子
This is none of your business.	这不是你的事
Tom should've finished it by now.	汤姆现在应该已经完成了
My father goes jogging every morning.	我父亲每天早上都跑步
Does the letter need to be written in English?	这封信需要用英文写吗
I hope I can do that before I die.	我希望我能在死前做一次
This place is large, isn't it?	这个地方很大
Don't leave the door open.	不要把门开着
I didn't go to school yesterday.	昨天你没有去学校
I couldn't sleep.	我无法入睡
I like spring the best of the seasons.	春天是我最喜欢的季节
This guy looks like a fox.	这家伙像个狐狸
I like this color as well.	我也喜欢这颜色
I was ten minutes late for school.	我上学迟到了十分钟
Out of sight, out of mind.	眼不见
My parents have just arrived at the station.	我的父母刚刚到达车站
He speaks French fluently.	他说法语说得很流利
Tom used to live near Mary.	汤姆以前跟玛丽住得近
He ignored his father's advice.	他不顾他父亲的忠告
The night was cold.	夜晚很冷
Everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion.	大家都渴望知道前冠军得主发生了什么
He may have missed the train.	他可能错过了火车
She came into the room.	她进了房间
That tree is on Tom's property.	那树是汤姆的财产
She was arrested by the police.	她被警方逮捕了
He is absent from school today.	他今天没上学
What a pain!	烦死人
What is the exchange rate?	汇率是多少
That's no business of yours.	这不关你的事
I love this song.	我爱这首歌
Tom traveled alone.	汤姆独自旅行
I enjoy taking pictures.	我喜欢拍照
All the furniture was covered with dust.	所有的家具都布满了灰尘
He lost face.	他丢脸了
This glass contains water.	这个杯子里有水
Two months have passed since he left for France.	自从他离开去法国
She will have to cook for everyone.	她将必须为大家做饭
My father insisted on our waiting for the train.	我的父亲坚持要我们等火车
She had just come home when I called.	我打电话的时候
Do you know me?	你还认识我吗
Let me see that.	让我看看
Tom said that he's glad he could do that.	汤姆说他很高兴他能做
All their secrets have been revealed.	他们所有的秘密都已经被揭晓了
Tom had trouble standing up.	汤姆站立困难
I don't mind walking in the rain.	我不介意在雨中漫步
You look bored.	你看起来很无聊
He did not work on Sunday night.	他周日晚上不工作
She tried.	她试过了
Tom knows a lot of stuff about Mary.	汤姆知道玛丽的很多事
She cooked vegetable soup for us.	她为我们煮了蔬菜汤
I deleted the app.	我删除了这个应用
You've never been happy.	你从来没有快乐过
The captain is responsible for the safety of passengers.	船长要为乘客安全负责
Tom could be Canadian.	汤姆可能是加拿大人
It is very expensive to keep up with the latest fashions.	跟上最近潮流时尚是件非常花钱的事儿
Please give me something hot to drink.	请给我一些热的东西喝
I want a few potatoes.	我要几个土豆
Is this book yours?	这是你的书吗
The engineer told us how to use the machine.	工程师告诉我们如何使用机器
What we need is help.	我们需要的是帮助
Has Tom broken something again?	汤姆又弄坏了什么东西吗
This bread is very delicious.	这种面包很美味
My opinion differs from yours.	我的看法跟你的不同
Let's cross the street.	我们过马路吧
She worked hard.	她努力地工作
What do you want to know?	你想知道什么
Do you have grandchildren?	您有孙子女吗
It was getting dark.	天要黑了
Can you teach me how to steal?	你能教我偷东西吗
Have you ever been to America?	你去过美国吗
Father is out, but Mother is at home.	爸爸出去了
It was just a dream.	只是一场梦罢了
He ran away with the money.	他携款潜逃
Most Americans do not object to my calling them by their first names.	大多数美国人似乎不反对我直呼其名
The boy is wearing glasses.	这个男孩戴著眼镜
How is everyone?	大家好吗
Tom often falls asleep in class.	汤姆经常在课堂上睡着
A new school building is under construction.	一座新的教学楼正在建设
The show was very interesting. You should have seen it.	演出真的很有意思
The cat is sleeping on the sofa.	猫正在沙发上睡觉
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.	以眼还眼
We have to put off the game till next Sunday.	我们不得不把游戏搁到下周日了
We aren't young.	我们不年轻
I didn't see him.	我没见到他
It's my fault.	这是我的错
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible to do.	她试著举起箱子
Our restaurant is the best.	我们的饭店是最好的
The family ate dinner together.	家里人一起吃了晚饭
You won't be happy no matter what I do.	无论我做什么
How do you make a box?	箱子怎么做
Can you put up with the way he behaves?	你能容忍他做事的方式么
I can't afford to play tennis.	我负担不起打网球的费用
It is Sunday tomorrow.	明天是星期天
I didn't have lunch today.	我今天没吃午餐
Tell Tom I'm sorry.	告诉汤姆我很抱歉
I'd like to talk with you privately.	我想跟你私下说话
Who would want to live here?	谁会想住在这里
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?	如果我们知道我们在做什么
He is lacking in common sense.	他缺乏常识
Would you mind closing the door?	你介意关上门吗
She aspired to become an actress.	她立志成为一名演员
Tom has contributed a lot of money to this hospital.	汤姆捐献了很多钱给这间医院
I learned to live without her.	我学会了不靠她生活
She found employment as a typist.	她找到打字员的工作
I'm a liar.	我是个骗子
Is bungee jumping frightening or fun?	高空弹跳是恐怖还是好玩
The old cottage has a certain charm about it.	旧村屋有它自己一定的魅力
He got out from under the car.	他从车子底下出来了
That's not Tom's fault.	那不是汤姆的错
She planted roses in the garden.	她在花园里种了玫瑰
I can't predict what'll happen.	我不能预言会发生甚么
How much does this cost?	多少钱
Drive carefully.	开车小心点
Are you having problems?	你有问题吗
She is doing her homework now.	她现在正在做她的功课
She set out on a trip last week.	她上周去旅行了
My plan is different from yours.	我的计划和你的不同
If anything should happen, please let me know.	如果发生了什么事
Don't worry.	你不要着急
Are you ready to proceed?	准备好继续了吗
I have to go meet with Tom.	我必须去见汤姆
I have just washed all the dishes.	我刚洗了所有的碗盘
The coral reef is the region's prime attraction.	珊瑚礁是这个地区的主要景点
Do black holes exist?	黑洞存在吗
Don't let him down.	别让他失望
She whispered something to him.	她对他小声说了些什么
Did you get the package I sent you?	你收到我寄给你的包裹了吗
People used to laugh at us.	人们以前笑话我们
I'll show you my room.	我会带你看看我的房间
He's a friend of my brother's.	他是我弟弟的一个朋友
What horrible weather!	多么糟糕的天气啊
Horses are animals.	马是动物
Tom took the concert ticket Mary offered him.	汤姆拿了玛丽给他的音乐会票
You don't have to talk so loud.	你不必这么大声说话
How many people know about us?	有多少人知道我们
I haven't seen him since then.	从那时起我就没有看到他
Has she finished her work yet?	她完成了她的工作吗
Read this now.	现在读这个
I missed my chance.	我错过了我的机会
Tom fed his leftovers to his dog.	汤姆把他的厨余喂给他的狗吃
Are you going to attend the meeting?	你要参加会议吗
She is a pretty girl.	她是一个漂亮的女孩
I got on the wrong train.	我上错了火车
Use this.	请用这个
Are you the owner of this house?	你是这栋房子的主人吗
I like fish.	我喜欢鱼
Do you want me to turn off the lights?	你要我关灯吗
I'll never forget shaking the President's hand last year.	我决不会忘记去年与总统握手的情景
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.	除了那些我们尝试过的政府形态
I went there recently.	我刚去过那里
Your watch is more expensive than mine.	你的手表比我的贵
I'll take your suitcase to your room.	我会把你的手提箱拿到你的房间
I found the secret compartment quite by accident.	我完全是在偶然的情况下发现了密室
Have you finished reading that novel?	你读完那本小说了吗
I like to do my homework.	我喜欢做我的作业
The early bird catches the worm.	早起的鸟儿有虫吃
We're friends.	我们是朋友
Where did you find my umbrella?	你们在哪找到我的雨伞的
The baby has finally stopped crying.	婴儿终于不哭了
Tom is no fool.	汤姆不是傻瓜
It's impossible to get there by noon.	中午到达那里是不可能的
Tom disassembled the clock.	汤姆把钟拆开了
It's pitch black.	天色漆黑
It's very big.	它很大
The nurse is not here.	护士不在这里
I'm wet.	我湿了
The boy feared the dark.	这个男孩害怕黑夜
My aunt gave me an album.	我姑姑给了我一本集邮册
She asked me where I was going.	她问了我要去哪里
All of us like her.	我们都喜欢她
We have known each other for years.	我们认识有好些年了
I can't live without TV.	没有电视
She found a ball in the garden.	她在花园里发现了一颗球
Tom gave Mary half of the apple.	汤姆给玛丽半个苹果
The Sahara is a vast desert.	撒哈拉沙漠广袤无垠
He plays baseball tomorrow.	他明天将打棒球
I heard you were injured trying to help Tom.	我听说你在试图帮助汤姆的时候受伤了
I'm thinking about you.	我突然想到你
She plays the piano every day.	她每天都弹钢琴
Nowadays nobody believes in ghosts.	现在没有人相信有鬼
I looked in the cupboard.	我瞧了瞧橱柜
I heard an unusual sound.	我听到一个不寻常的声音
He said, "Let's take a short rest."	他说
None of this is your money.	这些都不是你的钱
He walks his dog every morning.	他每天早晨溜狗
I don't go to school on Sundays.	我周日不去学校
My mother is preparing breakfast.	妈妈正在准备早餐
I'm looking forward to seeing you again.	我期待再见到你
The house stood out because of its unusual shape.	那房子因为其少有的形状被突显出来
I'm not tired at all.	我根本不累
It's never too late to make amends.	弥补永远不会太晚
You'd better keep your money for a rainy day.	你最好未雨绸缪
There you go again.	你又来了
I am in trouble.	我有麻烦了
You should've attended the meeting.	你应该参加这个会议的
I don't want to look stupid.	我不想看起来傻
She ran as fast as possible.	她尽可能地快跑
The patient is steadily recovering.	这个病人正在稳定地康复中
Give Tom a chair.	给汤姆一把椅子
He got off at the next station.	他在下一站下车了
He likes baseball very much.	他非常喜欢棒球
The war began three years later.	三年后战争开始了
Some of my friends can speak English well.	我的一些朋友英语说得很好
I don't smoke weed.	我不吸大麻
Tom'll go.	汤姆要走
Tom says you can fix anything.	汤姆说
I'm going to drop in on her next week.	下礼拜我要去拜访她一下
It might sound far-fetched, but this is a real problem.	这可能听起来牵强
We had a heavy frost this morning.	今天早上天气严寒
Did you visit the Tower of London?	你参观伦敦塔了吗
We have no time.	我们没时间
I have cancer.	我有癌症
He is concerned about his father's illness.	他担心他父亲的身体
These tools are used for building a house.	这些工具是用来造房子的
I don't know, nor do I care.	我不知道
That is rather unexpected.	这真是很意外
She visits us every other day.	她每两天探访我们
There's no water in the well.	这口井里没有水
I just can't take it anymore.	我真的受不了了
Put on your good shoes.	穿上你的好鞋
When does the movie start?	电影什么时间开始
Are you really willing to help?	你是真的很乐意帮忙吗
To master English is hard.	精通英语是困难的
I hear they're pretty good.	我听说他们挺好
The papers blew off.	文件被风刮起来
You should return what you borrow.	有借有还
I want you to take a break.	我想让你歇歇
The birds sang.	鸟儿歌唱
I overslept because my alarm didn't go off.	因为闹铃没有响
This knife doesn't cut well.	这把刀不好切东西
I will go there even if it rains.	即使下雨我也会去那里
Do you have a fever and a sore throat?	你发烧和喉咙痛吗
I've been careful my whole life.	我一生都谨慎行事
Tom wants a computer small enough to easily carry.	汤姆想要个小得易于携带的电脑
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.	我不用曲膝就能把我的手掌放到地上
I am a student in a university.	我是一名大学生
I don't understand music.	我不懂音乐
The accident took place on the highway.	事故发生在高速公路上
I think that's awful.	我看那糟透了
I've always kept my word.	我一直信守我的诺言
Tom's life was changed forever.	汤姆的生活被彻底改变了
Luckily, we found an escape route.	幸运的是
I will take you for a swim.	我会带你去游泳
Listen, I've got to run.	听着
I don't want to swim.	我不想游泳
The snow was knee deep.	积雪深及膝盖
Listen.	听着
You're too young to be doing that.	你太年轻了
We are sorry we are unable to accept your request.	很抱歉
Take it easy.	别紧张
Do it as soon as possible.	尽早做
I remember mailing the letter.	我记得寄了信
Can you jump rope?	你能跳绳吗
Tom told me that he has no intention of marrying you.	Tom	告诉我他们有想要娶你的想法
Tom hasn't forgiven anybody.	汤姆没原谅过任何人
I only speak a little French.	我只会说一点法语
Tom doesn't respect Mary's opinion.	汤姆不尊重玛丽的观点
I found a taxi, but there was no driver inside.	我找到了一辆出租车
The x-ray showed two broken fingers.	X	光片显示两根手指断了
Tom visited Boston last year.	汤姆去年去了波士顿
I'm working too much.	我工作得太多了
I threw a party.	我举办了一场派对
Tom hasn't given us anything.	汤姆什么也没给我们
She is far better today than yesterday.	她今天比昨天要好很多
Tom wants to tell you something.	汤姆想告诉你一些事情
Can you lower the price?	可以便宜点吗
All their efforts were in vain.	他们的努力都白费了
He went to London, where he stayed for a week.	他去了伦敦
Do you have the key to this door?	你有这扇门的钥匙吗
Describe that accident in detail.	详细叙述一下这起事故吧
How about going out for lunch?	出去吃午饭怎样
She went upstairs.	她上楼了
I was in Boston last month.	我上个月在波士顿
What's the meaning of this phrase?	这个片语是什么意思
Were you playing tennis yesterday morning?	你昨天上午打网球了吗
He wishes to erase bad memories.	他希望抹去不好的记忆
He was wounded in the war.	他是在战争中受伤的
Mommy, may I go swimming?	妈咪
It's better to chill white wine before you serve it.	在你侍酒前最好先将白葡萄酒冷却一下
He is making cookies.	他在做曲奇
He got off the bus.	他下了公车
They demanded that the mayor should resign.	他们要求市长辞职
If I've misjudged you, I'm terribly sorry.	如果我对你产生误解
He got engaged to my cousin.	他和我的堂姊妹订婚了
You'd better go to see your family doctor at once.	你最好立刻去看你的家庭医生
She sent me a letter.	她寄给我一封信
Whose notebook is that?	这台笔记本电脑是谁的
I looked him in the eyes.	我直视他的眼睛
He told us a lie.	他对我们说了一个谎
I just want to sleep.	我只想睡觉
How old is this zoo?	这间动物园多久了
The telephone operator asked the caller to hold on until a connection was made.	电话运营商提示来电人等候接通
I broke my arm.	我的手臂断了
This is much better.	这样好多了
We don't care what he does.	我们不在乎他做什么
Tom dragged himself out of bed and put on his clothes.	汤姆从床上爬起来
This desk is made of wood.	这张书桌是木制的
She made coffee for all of us.	她为我们所有的人煮咖啡
She finally made it.	她终于做到了
Tom's grinning.	汤姆露齿而笑
If you sing, we'll sing with you.	如果你唱
I'm sure that he'll succeed.	我肯定他会成功的
Will you switch seats with me?	您愿意跟我换座位吗
What Tom said doesn't apply in this situation.	汤姆所言不符时局
She was listening to music.	她听着音乐
I thought Tom had heard us.	我觉得汤姆听说过我们
I don't want to lose you.	我不想失去你
Don't write in red ink.	别用红墨水写
Tell me about it!	跟我讲讲那件事
Where should I put my laundry?	我应该把我要洗的衣服放在哪里
I wish you were close to me.	我希望你在我身边
I can't believe Tom just did that.	我不敢相信汤姆那么做了
It is likely to be fine tomorrow.	明天天气可能很好
This is a hospital.	这是医院
This fish isn't fit to eat.	这条鱼不能吃了
I tried in vain to deal with the problem.	我想解决这个问题
I cheered myself up by listening to music.	我借由听音乐来鼓舞我自己
Tom wasn't in Australia.	汤姆不在澳大利亚
I don't think we've been introduced.	我们之前没有见过吧
The boy actually was going to do it.	这个男孩实际上是要去做
I'm free tonight.	我今晚有空
It's warm today, isn't it?	今天很温暖
The old man lived by himself.	老人独自生活
There are many endangered species.	有许多濒危物种
He left ten minutes ago.	他十分钟前离开了
With a firm goal in mind, you will do well.	有了坚定的目标
Could you tell me what I should do next?	你可以告诉我我下一步该做什么吗
What will you make?	你会做什么
He went by bicycle.	他是骑自行车去的
I've not seen him in a long time.	我很久没见过他了
We often played chess after school.	我们常常在放学后下棋
My father likes strong coffee.	我父亲喜欢浓咖啡
Even a teacher can make mistakes.	老师也会犯错
I'm used to getting up early.	我习惯早起
I'll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home.	我会安排一下
I just got your letter yesterday.	我昨天刚收到你的信
It isn't possible to know everything.	全知是不可能的
Please help yourself to the cake.	你们自己吃蛋糕
Even chocolate contains vitamins.	连巧克力中也含有维他命
I told Tom that I thought his house needed to be painted.	我告诉汤姆我认为他的房子要刷漆
I returned the books I borrowed from the library, and I borrowed some new ones.	我还了从图书馆借的书
Which goes faster, a ship or a train?	船和火车哪个跑得快
They're very close friends.	他们是非常亲密的朋友
What do you do for a living?	您做什么工作为生
This chair is really comfortable to sit on.	这个椅子坐着真舒服
The medicine didn't do me any good.	这药对我没有任何好处
Lunch is on.	午餐送到了
Students generally like a teacher who understands their problems.	通常学生们喜欢理解他们问题的老师
Luckily he had enough money to pay the bill.	幸运的是他有足够的钱来付账
I heard Tom could do that.	我听说汤姆能做
A fire broke out after the earthquake.	地震之后发生了火灾
He was a very good skier when he was little.	他年轻时很会滑雪
Let's get off here.	我们在这里下车吧
It's all my fault.	都是我的错
She speaks English better than any of her classmates.	她的英语说得比班上任何人都好
Tom is a bit pale.	汤姆有点苍白
Whose is this car?	这辆汽车是谁的
They'll understand that.	他们会明白
Help yourself to more potato chips.	随意多吃点洋芋片吧
He was run over by a car.	他被车辗过了
My parents' generation went through the war.	我父母那一代经历过战争
He's in charge of the department.	他负责这个部门
I don't know whether I have time or not.	我不知道有没有时间
She made a series of medical discoveries.	她提出了一连串的医学发现
She traveled around Japan.	她环游了日本
I'm an office worker.	我是个职员
His parents expect too much of him.	他父母对他期望过高
Many attended his funeral.	很多人都参加了他的葬礼
Tom is never going to cry.	汤姆永远不会哭
India is a developing country.	印度是发展中国家
I even work on Sundays.	我甚至在周日工作
Let's meet again soon.	让我们很快地再次见面
Why did you open the box?	你为什么打开这个盒子
Tom went there to learn French.	汤姆去那里学法语
She gave me a present.	她给了我一件礼物
He has just left home.	他刚离开家
He is constantly finding fault with other people.	他总是挑别人的毛病
The majority of his income goes to pay his rent.	他的大部分收入付了租金
Let me know the result as soon as you can.	尽早让我知道结果
I get you.	我了解你
He sometimes goes to work by car.	他有时开车去上班
I was uncertain whether to advance or to retreat.	我不确定该前进还是后退
Tom doesn't eat pork.	汤姆不吃猪肉
He came several times.	他来了很多次了
We'll begin work soon.	我们立即开始施工
She works with single-minded determination.	她一心一意地工作
I am a student.	我是个学生
Will you sell your car to me?	你可以把你的车卖给我吗
Let's talk over a cup of coffee.	让我们边喝咖啡边谈
Tom seems to be an honest man.	汤姆似乎是个诚实的人
I fell asleep while watching TV.	我看电视时睡着了
He mistook me for an Englishman.	他误以为我是一个英国人
Please help yourself to some fruit.	请你随便吃点水果
He paused to have a cigarette.	他停下来抽根烟
I study Korean.	我学韩语
How much does he earn in a month?	他每个月挣多少
Is it going to snow tonight?	今晚会下雪吗
How do you know that belongs to Tom?	你是怎么知道那是汤姆的
Some of the essays are very interesting.	这些文章中有一些非常有趣
What happened that night?	这个晚上发生了什么
Fasten your seat belt, please.	请系好安全带
My father bought a new car.	我的父亲买了一辆新车
Don't be fooled by appearances.	不要被外貌蒙蔽了
Actually, I'm not suggesting anything.	实际上
It's just what I expected.	它正是我所期待的
I have a dog.	我有一条狗
The party ended at ten o'clock.	派对在十点钟结束
I was thinking the same thing.	我也是这么想的
There was not a tree in sight.	看不到任何一棵树
I'm very anxious about my son's safety.	我很担心我儿子的安全
There is no scientific basis for these claims.	这些主张没有科学的根据
You are lying.	你在撒谎
I need to get some stamps.	我需要一些邮票
I'm glad that I didn't buy something like this.	我很高兴没有买这样的东西
He has a good reading knowledge of French.	他能很好地读懂法语
You can start right now.	你现在可以开始了
Like father, like son.	有其父必有其子
Tell me your story. I am all ears.	告诉我你的故事
My parents objected to my studying abroad.	我父母反对我出国留学
I'm on Tom's side.	我站在汤姆一边
I'm trying to save room for dessert.	我尽量留着胃吃甜点
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.	别担心
It's a good deal.	这是一笔不错的交易
He works hard all the year round.	他一年到头努力工作
They came all the way from Brazil.	他们从巴西远道而来
I'd like something to eat.	我想吃点东西
I want you to stay here until I get back.	我想你待在这里直到我回来
I thought that he would come.	我以为他会来的
Tom doesn't like carrots.	汤姆不喜欢胡萝卜
My blood pressure is low.	我的血压很低
This is an important event.	这是个重要事件
There's a problem there that you don't see.	有个问题你没有想到
How about dining out tonight?	我们今晚出去吃怎么样
Do you think he is good for the position?	你认为他适合这个职位吗
They don't teach you that in school.	学校不会教你这个
We visited the museum last week.	我们上周参观了博物馆
They're afraid of me.	他们怕我
At last, she gave in to him and told him the secret.	最后
I've been here for a long time.	我在这里很长一段时间了
We don't have time.	我们没时间
Do you keep in contact with your high school classmates?	你还和你的高中同学保持联系吗
Drive slowly.	开车慢点
Please let me go.	请让我走
That man stole my wallet.	那男人偷了我的钱包
It's likely to rain all weekend.	可能整个周末都下雨
I think I drank too much.	我想我喝得太多了
Tom had to go himself.	汤姆不得不自己去
I just cleaned this.	我刚打扫过这个
Tom squeezed Mary's hand.	汤姆捏了玛丽的手
Stop reading.	别再念了
There's some water left.	还剩一点水
I didn't know he drank so much.	我不知道他喝那么多酒
I don't understand what you mean.	我不理解你的意思
Tom was the only boy in the class.	汤姆是班里唯一的男生
Let's try to get along.	让我们试着好好相处
He demanded that I should pay the money at once.	他要求我马上付钱
I think I'll go by bus.	我认为我要坐巴士去
I gave careful consideration to the problem.	我仔细地考虑了这个问题
I caught three fish yesterday.	昨天我钓了三条鱼
Tom has to take the test again.	汤姆必须再考
I was very surprised to hear the news.	我听到这个消息很惊讶
I wish to climb Mt. Fuji again.	我希望再爬一次上富士山
I need your advice on what I should do next.	我需要你指导我接下来该做甚么
I'm really surprised you got a prize.	我很惊讶你得了奖
I don't hate you.	我不恨你
I like playing baseball.	我喜欢打棒球
Here is your bill.	这是账单
Texas is nearly twice as large as Japan.	得克萨斯州约是日本的两倍大
Is the work hard?	工作困难吗
According to the Bible, God created the world in six days.	根据圣经记载
He's a big boy.	他是个大男孩
Tom didn't know Mary had a boyfriend.	汤姆不知道玛丽有男朋友
He grew a beard to look more mature.	他留了胡子
It's hard to keep a secret from Tom.	瞒著汤姆很难
I support political reform.	我支持政治改革
I like tea.	我喜欢茶
There's no space in the room for another bed.	这间房间没有空间再放一张床了
He was late for the 7:30 bus.	他错过了
The recent advances in medicine are remarkable.	医学的最新进展颇为显著
That's a pheasant.	那是一只野鸡
You're quite forgetful.	你很健忘
I don't think that it can get any worse.	我不认为那可以变得更糟
Could you put my name on the waiting list?	你能把我的名字加到等候批准的申请人名单上吗
I'd like to pay with a credit card.	我想用信用卡支付
Gold is far heavier than water.	金子比水重得多
I worked a lot this week.	我这周干了很多活
The camera will cost at least $500.	这台相机至少要花费
It's not quite ready yet.	还没怎么准备好
I don't like children.	我不喜欢小孩
How about going out for a walk?	出去散步怎么样
What's the purpose of your visit?	你此行的目的是什么
His advice didn't help much.	他的忠告没起到太大的作用
Children and drunks don't lie.	小孩和酒鬼不撒谎
He must be Tom's brother.	他一定是汤姆的兄弟
You didn't need to buy the book.	你没有必要买这本书
Please don't misunderstand me.	千万别误会我的意思
Compare your translation with his.	比较你和他的翻译
Are you sure about this?	你确定吗
Tom said that Mary snored.	汤姆说玛丽打鼾
It is our obligation to help.	帮助是我们的义务
We have to go.	我们必须走了
I speak French and English.	我讲法语和英语
Was Tom asleep?	汤姆睡着了吗
Nobody likes being laughed at.	没有人喜欢被人嘲笑
He has gone to Italy to study music.	他已经去义大利学习音乐了
You can go anywhere you want.	你可以去任何你想去的地方
Tom thinks he's related to me.	汤姆认为他跟我有关系
Stand back from the rope.	退到绳子后面
I want to retire soon.	我想早点退休
Let me try it.	让我试试
Tom used to date my daughter.	汤姆以前和我女儿约会
Are you sure that's what you want?	你确定那是你想要的吗
Turn off the light, please.	请关灯
She spent the weekend by herself.	她独自度过了周末
My major is linguistics.	我的主修是语言学
We went on a picnic together.	我们一起去野餐了
The refrigerator is open.	冰箱开著
Every member must attend.	所有的成员都必须参加
Please add my name to the list.	请把我的名字加在名单上
He often sits for many hours reading books.	他常常坐着看书一连好几个小时
I need more room.	我需要更多空间
What kind of food do you have?	你们有什么菜
I think that Tom is photogenic.	我觉得汤姆很上镜
Are you sad?	你在难过吗
I'm staying at my aunt's.	我住在我姑姑家
She loves Tom.	她爱汤姆
I have three million dollars.	我有三百万美圆
You don't have to answer right away.	你不用马上回答
Neither Tom nor I did that.	汤姆和我都没有那么做
She had died before I arrived.	她在我到达之前去世了
Every rose has its thorns.	没有不带刺的玫瑰
I'll dream about you.	我会梦到你的
Help us.	帮帮我们吧
Do you like rabbits?	你喜欢兔子吗
Is this what you wanted?	这是你要的吗
I felt like crying.	我想哭
We may be late for school.	我们上学可能会迟到
I've got Tom with me.	我和汤姆在一起
Have you ever thought of becoming a nurse?	你曾经想过当个护士吗
I don't know where he lives.	我不知道他住在哪里
The criminal didn't let the hostages go.	罪犯没有放人质们走
I'm busy looking for an apartment.	我正忙著找公寓
I'm just beginning.	我才刚开始
My brother bought an electric guitar.	我的兄弟买了电子吉他
She won't be back till five.	她五点钟才会回来
There aren't any medicines that can cure this disease.	没有药物能够治疗这种疾病
I don't want to fail my exams.	我不想不及格
He's running very quickly.	他跑得非常快
He has long hair.	他有长头发
As far as I'm concerned, things are going well.	据我所知
It took me three hours to do my homework.	我花了
It's bedtime.	睡觉时间到了
I don't know what the next step is.	我不知道下一步做什么
Gold is much heavier than water.	金子比水重得多
Why on earth are you here?	你到底为什么在这里
Speech is silver, but silence is golden.	雄辩如银
A fire broke out during the night.	在夜间发生了火灾
His teeth are yellow from smoking too much.	他的牙齿被烟熏黄了
Tom is in the house.	汤姆在家里
He gave in.	他让步了
Tom doesn't have a driver's license.	汤姆没有驾驶证
You'll find a job.	你会找到工作的
He wants to get a new dictionary.	他想得到一本新的字典
What's your phone number?	您的手机号码是多少
Tom is standing in the garden.	汤姆在花园里站着
I wish I could stop thinking about Tom.	希望我可以不再想
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.	进教室的时候请把帽子摘了
He was sitting up straight.	他坐直了
He likes math, but I don't.	他喜欢数学
Tom wants to learn boxing, but his mother thinks it's too dangerous.	汤姆想学拳击
Tom lived in Japan for ten years.	汤姆住在日本十年了
I couldn't get to sleep.	我无法入睡
I'd like a window seat, please.	请给我靠窗口的位子
The incident was etched in his memory.	这件事他铭记于心
French bread is delicious.	法国的面包很好吃
His brave deed earned him respect.	他的英勇行为使他赢得了尊重
Tom is on the bus to the city.	汤姆搭公车去市区
I accepted her invitation.	我接受了她的邀请
I've had a bath.	我洗了澡
I can make that happen.	我不能让那事发生
Tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns.	海啸席卷稻田
I bought a bottle of salad oil.	我买了一瓶沙拉油
I ate apples.	我吃了苹果
She must be angry with me.	她一定在生我的气
I'll ask Tom to help us.	我会请汤姆来帮助我们
It's too dark to play tennis now.	现在太暗了不能打网球
I didn't participate in the conversation.	我没有参与对话
The boy had a red face.	这个男孩有一张红润的脸
Tom couldn't go to the concert because he had to work.	汤姆去不了音乐会
My sleep was disturbed by the sound.	那声音搅了我的美梦
There isn't a grain of truth in what he says.	他说的话全不可信
The apple does not fall far from the tree.	苹果掉落的地方不会离树干很远
The students were for the most part from the West Coast.	大部分的学生来自西海岸
I wondered if her story was true.	我想知道她的故事是否是真的
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.	科学上
You might've heard of it.	你可能听说过
He has been to France three times.	他访问过法国三次
I am not frightened of anything.	我不害怕任何东西
I'm injured.	我受伤了
Tom said he hasn't decided what needs to be done.	汤姆说他还没决定要做甚么
The rivers were flooded by the heavy rain.	大雨使河水泛滥
The situation is getting worse by the day.	情况一天比一天差
How did you do on your exam?	考得如何
Is there anyone in the room?	房间里有人吗
I'm afraid I wouldn't be very good company.	我恐怕不是个很好的伙伴
They go to church every Sunday.	他们每个星期天上教堂
Did you take it?	你拿吗
Can you lend me some money?	你可以借我一些钱吗
You chose this job yourself, right?	你自己选择了这份工作
I hugged him tightly and cried.	我紧紧地抱著他哭
How should I know?	我怎么知道
I'm watching television.	我在看电视
What would you like to eat for dinner?	你想吃什么作晚餐
It's all the same to me.	对我来说都一样
He got down the book from the shelf.	他从架上拿下书
My uncle has three children.	我的叔叔有三个孩子
He hit his head against a rock.	他的头撞到了一块岩石
We traveled to Mexico by plane.	我们搭飞机去墨西哥旅行
I'm really sorry about what happened last night.	我对昨天晚上发生的事情感到非常的抱歉
The chair is made of wood.	椅子是木质的
There were fifty passengers on the plane.	飞机上有
It is a pity that you cannot come to the party.	很遗憾您不能来派对
Tom made fun of me.	汤姆拿我开心
We had a lecture on environmental pollution.	我们有一节关于环境污染的讲座
This document was actually written by Tom.	这文件其实是汤姆写的
Now it's your serve.	现在该你发球
Could you come to tomorrow's meeting?	你能来参加明天的会议吗
How tall is your youngest brother?	你最小的弟弟身高多高
You won't need it.	你不会需要它
My bike was stolen last night.	昨晚我的自行车被偷了
Thank you for coming to meet me.	谢谢你来接我
The boy has an apple in his pocket.	这男孩的口袋里有个苹果
I don't want to take such a risk.	我不想承担这样一个风险
I know what I did was wrong.	我知道我做错了
That'll change nothing.	这样做的话什么都不会改变的
Close the gate.	关门
We'll be busy.	我们会很忙
This song was written by Foster.	这首歌曲是由福斯特所写的
Are you a wizard?	你是个术士吗
I would like to purchase some boots.	我想买些靴子
I finally found a job.	我终于找到工作了
He retired to his own room after supper.	他在吃过晚餐后回到了自己的房间
I wish we had won the game.	要是我们赢了这场比赛就好了
Can you lend me 10,000 yen?	你能借给我
Tom clenched his teeth.	汤姆咬紧牙关
Tom wasn't hurt.	汤姆没受伤
She has kept a diary for 3 years.	她已经写了三年的日记
I want to go abroad next year.	我明年想去国外
I'll be busy tomorrow.	我明天会很忙
She married her classmate.	她跟她的同学结婚了
We're having lunch.	我们在吃午餐
There's a pub just around the corner.	在转角有一家酒吧
Strange to say, he didn't know the news.	说来奇怪
A friend's coming over tomorrow.	一个朋友明天要过来
Can I borrow your car tonight?	我今晚可以借一下你的车吗
Tom felt hungry.	汤姆觉得饿了
All you can do is wait.	所有你能做的就是等待
Tom's funeral will be this weekend.	汤姆的葬礼订在这周末
Pace yourself.	量力而行
We had a slight difference of opinion.	我们的看法有一点不同
Tom doesn't remember where he put his keys.	汤姆不记得他把钥匙放在哪里了
Tom told me Mary is leaving tomorrow.	汤姆和我说明天玛丽会离开
What did you do with that book?	你用那本书做什么
I thought you'd be full after eating that big steak.	我觉得吃完那块大牛排你就饱了
I am thinking of going abroad next year.	我在考虑明年去国外
He's used to speaking in public.	他习惯在公众场合说话
Tom needs a change of scenery.	汤姆需要换换风景
I love this car.	我爱这台车
That's a nice tie you're wearing.	你打了一条不错的领带
What a wonderful family.	多美好的家庭啊
I forgot what his name was.	我忘记他叫什么名字了
The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise.	猫被陌生的噪音惊吓到了
I caught the last bus.	我赶上了最后一班公车
Please drive carefully.	请小心驾驶
When did you begin studying English?	您什么时候开始学英语的
How much does this hat cost?	这顶帽子多少钱
He has no reason to be late.	他迟到没有理由
Most Americans supported the decision.	大部分美国人支持这项决定
Everybody saw it.	每个人都看见了
Say which one you would like.	说你想要哪个
Drive cautiously.	开车小心点
Stuff happens.	事情难免会发生
He has a good knowledge of French.	她很懂法语
We are a family of four.	我家有四个人
Did something happen?	发生了什么事吗
A card was attached to the gift.	一张卡片被附在了礼物上
What happened here?	这儿发生了什么事
I'm as hungry as a horse.	我饿得像匹马
Do you know the answer?	你知道答案吗
The students all laughed.	学生都笑了
The wind is blowing from the north.	风从北边来
Do you like school?	你们喜欢学校吗
She is practicing the violin now.	她现在正在练习拉小提琴
She played the guitar and he sang.	她弹吉他
But I wasn't afraid.	但我没有害怕
You aren't kids anymore.	你们不再是小孩了
When did Tom get here?	汤姆是甚么时候来到这里的
Tom told Mary something she didn't want to hear.	汤姆告诉了玛丽她不想知道的事
Do you like swimming?	你喜欢游泳吗
You shouldn't make fun of Tom.	你不该取笑汤姆
We've been here before.	这里我们以前来过
Tom didn't deny that he did that.	汤姆没有否认他做的事情
The buildings shook in the earthquake.	建筑物在地震中摇晃
We won't go out if it doesn't stop raining.	雨不停
Is it true that Tom can't swim?	汤姆真的不会游泳吗
I'm sorry that you are leaving here.	我很遗憾你要离开这里
It looks like Tom has bought a new bicycle.	看来汤姆借了辆自行车
It's really different from what I expected.	这真的跟我所预期的不同
Write your address here.	在这里写下你的地址
He turned to his friends for help.	他寻求他的朋友的帮助
Tom isn't interested in Mary at all.	汤姆对玛丽一点也不感兴趣
Maybe we should open it now.	我们现在可能该打开它
It is good to see you.	见到你真好
That's just your imagination.	这只是幻想而已
That song was written by Tom.	那首歌是
He asked her to call him later.	他要求她稍后打电话给他
I think this book is easy.	我觉得这本书很简单
Tom wants to be the boss.	汤姆想当老板
She said something to him.	她对他说了些话
Man is mortal.	人固有一死
Asia is much larger than Australia.	亚洲比澳洲大很多
Tom came up with an answer to our problem.	汤姆给我们的问题想出了个答案
She saddled him with the work.	她强迫他做这个工作
These ruins are ancient.	这些废墟年代久远
He bought himself a dog.	他给自己买了一只狗
Hold on a moment, please.	请稍等一下
I won't be long.	不会花很多时间的
Let's go out and eat dinner together from time to time.	让我们偶尔出去一起吃晚餐
He set fire to his own house.	他放火烧了自己的房子
I bought two loaves of bread.	我买了两条面包
Try again.	再试一下
I could barely get out of bed yesterday.	我昨天几乎下不了床
Tom is an important person.	汤姆是个重要的人
I didn't call on him because I had a cold.	我没有拜访他
He got away disguised as a policeman.	他伪装成警察逃跑了
It looks like the dog wants something to eat.	那只狗看起来好像想吃东西
Tom wrote two books.	汤姆写了两本书
He swims better than I do.	他游泳游得比我好
The ice was thick enough for me to walk on.	冰厚得足以让我在上面走路
She made tea for me.	她给我泡了茶
May I use your toilet?	我能用一下你们的厕所吗
I will play tennis this afternoon.	我今天下午会去打网球
She carried the box under her arm.	她把箱子挟在手臂下
What happened to your friend's daughter?	你朋友的女儿怎么了
Goodnight.	晚安
You must pay attention to his advice.	你一定要注意他的建议
Do you feel hungry?	你肚子饿吗
I'm the captain of this ship.	我是这船的船长
Being late is always better than not showing up at all.	迟到总比不到好
Tom climbed over the wall.	汤姆爬上了墙
The teacher can't have said such a thing.	老师不可能说过这样的事
I'm still your friend.	我还是你的朋友
This mountain is snow-covered the entire year.	这座山全年覆盖着雪
I want to finish the work on my own.	我想自己把工作做完
I want a massage. I need to relax.	我想要按摩
Tom is writing a letter to his best friend.	汤姆正给他的好友写信
Do you have a coat and a hat?	你有外套和帽子吗
My whole body hurts.	我全身酸痛
We need more staff.	我们需要更多员工
We only have tea.	我们只有茶水
I wish she had come last night.	要是她昨晚来就好了
Let's eat now. I'm starving.	咱们吃吧
She helped me pack my suitcase.	她帮我打包我的手提箱
Don't you want to know the reason?	你不想知道原因吗
The letter was written by Tom.	这信是汤姆写的
I enjoyed driving on the new highway.	我很喜欢在新的高速公路上开车
You can't understand this sentence, can you?	你不懂这句句子
Let in some fresh air.	请放点新鲜空气进来
We soon caught up with them.	我们很快就追上了他们
He went there instead of his father.	他代替他的父亲去
Our task has been easy so far, but it will be difficult from now on.	我们的任务到目前为止很轻松
Don't forget smoking is bad for your health.	不要忘记吸烟对你的健康有害
They're all innocent children.	他们都是天真的孩子
He went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.	他去义大利的目的是学习音乐
Tom is tired.	汤姆累了
I expect that he will help us.	我期望他会帮助我们
The dress suits you very well.	这条裙子很适合你
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.	只有一点点的知识是危险的事
I told Tom that I thought it was a good idea.	我和汤姆说了
The more books you read, the more you'll know.	你看的书越多
I want to go to see a movie.	我要去看电影
She wouldn't let up until I agreed to go to the movies with her.	她不愿松开我
I am going to major in French.	我将主修法文
I hope that you will get well soon.	我希望您快就会好起来
What's that building?	那栋建筑是什么呢
Tom bought a plane ticket.	汤姆买了张机票
Do you understand what I mean?	你知道我的意思吗
He sent the letter back unopened.	他把那封信原封不动寄回去了
It's a whole new ball game for me.	这个球类游戏对我来说是全新的
I lost my papers.	我的证件丢了
I wish I could talk to you.	我希望能与你谈话
What is your occupation?	你做什么工作
Does Tom have a girlfriend?	汤姆有女朋友吗
He himself did it.	是他自己做的
I'll be back before lunch tomorrow.	我会在明天午饭前回来
Try to avoid overdoing it.	避免太夸张
I can work with anyone.	我能跟任何人工作
"A rolling stone gathers no moss" is a proverb.	“	滚石不生苔
So what will you do in the afternoon?	您下午做啥呢
This fish is delicious.	这条鱼很好吃
What're you waiting for?	还在等什么呢
I wonder if what I wrote was correct.	我在想我写的对不对
He doesn't understand me.	他不理解我
Give me what you have in your hand.	把你手里的东西给我
He invented an excuse for being late.	他为他的迟到制造了一个借口
That looks like blood.	那看起来像血
It is easy to answer the question.	这个问题很容易回答
I'll swim.	我要游泳
By the way, are you free tonight?	顺便问一句
Tom is acting as if nothing has happened.	汤姆像什么也没发生一样行动
The whole country was covered in snow.	整个国家被大雪覆盖了
What's the number?	电话号码是多少
What're you looking at?	你在看什么
Some people relax by reading.	一些人通过阅读来放松
Tom says that he's a creature of habit.	汤姆说他是习惯的产物
Is Tom jealous?	汤姆嫉妒吗
That child has few friends.	那孩子没有什么朋友
He's a professor of biology at Harvard.	他是哈佛大学的生物学教授
My uncle gave me a present.	我叔叔给了我一份礼物
Is this seat available?	这个位子空着吗
I will go to Hokkaido tomorrow.	我明天要去北海道
I like bright colors.	我喜欢明亮的颜色
I know what it's like to lose someone.	我知道这看起来像是失去了某人
Tom yawned.	汤姆打哈欠了
Perhaps she will come tomorrow.	也许她明天会来
Why do you have two cars?	他为什么有两辆车
What does this mean?	这是什么意思
He is absorbed in the study of linguistics.	他沉迷于语言学的研究
He is a man of few words, but he always keeps his promise.	他这个人话不多
Fluency in English is a very marketable skill today.	流利的英语在今天是一种十分抢手的技能
I just got up.	我刚才起床了
English is spoken in America.	在美国说英语
He traveled all over the world.	他周游世界各地
I didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust me, either.	我不信任汤姆而且汤姆也不信任我
As we went around the corner, the lake came into view.	当我们走到转角处
My grandfather likes to walk.	我爷爷喜欢步行
Are you going to sing here?	你们要在这里唱歌吗
I lost my job and I have no money. I'm at my wit's end.	我失业又没钱
I decided to be a doctor.	我决定当个医生了
You should have accepted his advice.	你本应该接受他的建议
Why did you buy travel insurance?	为什么你买了旅行保险
Do you know how to play the organ?	你会弹管风琴吗
I don't understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular.	我不懂为何义式辣肠披萨如此受欢迎
I'm afraid I must say goodbye.	恐怕我必须说再见了
Whether you like it or not doesn't matter.	你喜不喜欢没关系
That boy is running.	那个男孩在跑步
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.	开车很好玩
He looks young, but actually he is over forty.	他看起来年轻
Tom was completely exhausted.	汤姆完全筋疲力尽了
Tell me how you're feeling.	告诉我你的感受
I recognized some of the tunes that Tom played.	我认出了一些汤姆演奏的调子
I can't tell you how much I'll miss Tom.	我不会告诉你我有多想念汤姆
I'm not always free on Sundays.	我星期日并不总是有空
He helped me to get over the difficulties.	他帮助我克服了困难
I spent last Sunday reading a novel.	我上周日花时间看了一本小说
Please help me clean the house.	请帮我打扫房子
Does Tom live in Boston?	汤姆住在波士顿吗
I'm very hungry.	我好饿
I'll do what I can to help you.	我会尽力帮你
I'm leaving for Canada tomorrow.	我明天要离开去加拿大
Tom is waiting for Mary to come back.	汤姆正在等着玛丽回来
Tom always speaks in such a low voice that I can barely understand what he says.	汤姆总是说话声音太小
There's no more salt.	盐没了
My mother has good handwriting.	我母亲的笔迹很好看
My legs still hurt.	我的腿还是很痛
My passport's been stolen.	我护照给偷了
Do you like oranges?	你喜欢橙子吗
He brought me to the bus stop.	他带我到车站
Won't you join us for dinner?	你不来跟我们一起吃晚饭吗
This train leaves at nine o'clock.	这班火车九点钟发车
Would you mind shutting the door?	请你把门关上好吗
I paid him five dollars.	我付了他五块美元
The child missed his mother very much.	这孩子非常想念他的母亲
Tom got out of the jeep.	汤姆从吉普车上下来了
How many prefectures are there in Japan?	日本有多少个县
That movie is for children.	那部电影是给小孩看的
My brother is an idiot.	我的兄弟是个笨蛋
I see a woman wearing black.	我看见一个穿黑衣服的女人
Looks aren't everything.	外表并不是全部
He is used to traveling.	他习惯了旅行
Can you help me?	你能帮我吗
Bear his advice in mind.	牢记他的建议
That's very sweet of you.	您真是太好了
It'll be finished in a day or two.	一两天内就能结束
I sometimes dream of my mother.	有时我梦见我的母亲
I'm not going to say it again.	我不会再说这句话了
They grow oranges in California.	他们在加利福尼亚种橙子
When did you begin studying English?	你们什么时候开始学英语的
His house is somewhere about here.	他家在这儿某处
We left the final decision to him.	我们让他做最后的决定
I don't have the time or the money.	我没有时间
Only peace can save the world.	只有和平能够拯救世界
Why are you so smart?	为什么你的脑袋那么聪明呢
My pen isn't as good as yours.	我的钢笔不像你那支那么好
Who wants a piece of cake?	谁想要来一块蛋糕
You're too young to retire.	你太年轻
She feels at ease in their home.	她在他们家里感觉很放松
It's difficult to understand his theory.	他的理论很难懂
I have nothing to complain about.	我没有什么可抱怨的
The truck is gone.	货车走了
I know the truth.	我知道真相
I painted the gate blue.	我把大门漆成了蓝色的
Thanks for the advice.	谢谢你的建议
Eat and drink.	吃吧
Who do you live with?	你和谁住在一起
I wish I had bought a ticket for the concert.	我当初要是买音乐会的票就好了
Where is the city hall?	市政府在哪里
I have a computer.	我有一台电脑
I recommend it strongly.	我强力推荐它
He hasn't come yet. He must have missed the bus.	他还没来
Drop the knife!	把刀放下
Tom wasn't in bed.	汤姆不在床上
Let's get together again next year.	让我们明年再相聚
Tom usually only eats oatmeal for breakfast.	汤姆通常早饭只吃燕麦
I'll go shopping tomorrow.	我明天要去购物
I don't care what happens.	我不在乎发生什么事
This family gave me a warm welcome.	这个家庭热情地接待了我
This is about as large as that.	这个大约跟那个一样大
Everything depends upon your decision.	所有事都取决于你的决定
Tom went blind.	汤姆失明了
Will you lend me your bicycle?	你能把你的自行车借给我吗
I thought Tom was going to hurt me.	你认为汤姆要伤害我
The entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week.	全体销售人员通宵达旦地工作了一周
This boat has six oars.	这艘船有六个桨
This rule does not apply in all cases.	这条规则不是任何情况下都奏效的
Thank you for drawing a bird for me.	谢谢你为我画鸟
When does the game begin?	游戏几点开始
Tom is on good terms with John.	汤姆和约翰关系很好
Tom has brains.	汤姆脑子好使
It's totally dark outside.	外面一片漆黑
Who do you usually go to the movies with?	你一般和谁去看电影
I'm not saying that what she did was right.	我的意思不是她做得对
He came to Japan seven years ago.	他七年前来日本
Can you save this seat for me?	你可以帮我保留这个座位吗
At last, we reached our destination.	我们终于达到了我们的目标
I tried to hit Tom, but he ducked.	我要去打汤姆
He was too young to live alone.	他太年轻了无法独自生活
How's your daughter?	你女儿怎么了
I'd like to do shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.	我想在纽约的第五大道购物
It's been an amazing experience.	这是奇妙的体验
Tom can keep a secret.	汤姆会保密
My brother would often stay up all night reading novels.	我哥哥经常熬夜看小说
Don't exaggerate.	不要再夸张了
My boss assigned the hard job to me.	我老板把艰巨的任务指派给了我
I thought it best to remain silent.	我想最好还是保持沉默
How're you doing?	你们好吗
You must choose.	你必须选
I want to talk with your uncle.	我想跟你叔叔谈谈
He can read well enough.	他能读得很好
Honesty is the primary reason for his success.	诚实是他成功的主要原因
It looks like an apple.	看起来像个苹果
I'm going to check.	我正要去签到
A burglar broke into the shop yesterday.	昨天强盗闯进了店里
Put it back on the desk.	把它放回桌子上
All sorts of people live in Tokyo.	各式各样的人住在东京
Don't let Tom lie on the floor.	别让汤姆躺在地板上
Work slowly.	干活慢点
Can you be ready to leave tomorrow?	明天你能准备好离开吗
The ticket is good for three days.	这张票的有效期是三天
The bus doesn't always come on time.	巴士不总是能准点到达
We were just about to enter the room.	我们正要进房间
We have ample time to catch our train.	我们有充裕的时间赶上火车
It is wrong to tell a lie.	说谎是错误的
I saw him wash the car.	我看见他洗车
It hasn't been easy for Tom to deal with Mary's health problems.	处理玛丽的健康问题对汤姆来说不容易
They enjoyed themselves at the party.	他们在派对上玩得很开心
You didn't tell me Mary was so beautiful.	你没告诉我玛丽这么漂亮
Tom owns a yellow sports car.	汤姆有一辆黄色跑车
Is there a supermarket near here?	这附近有超市吗
A computer is an absolute necessity now.	电脑现在是一个绝对必要的东西了
I'd like to know what happened to Tom.	我想知道汤姆怎么了
Are you ready?	您准备好了吗
You have such beautiful, hazel eyes.	你有如此美丽的淡褐色眼睛
Good afternoon.	下午好
We just want to find Tom.	我们只是想找
Is she Japanese?	她是日本人吗
Could you please pass me the pepper?	能把胡椒递给我吗
These paintings are different sizes.	这些画的尺寸不一样
Tom laughed.	汤姆笑了
Tom has been spending time with Mary.	汤姆在玛丽身上花时间
The girl has no mother.	这个女孩没有母亲
He lives there alone.	他一个人住在那儿
Who'll be elected chairman?	谁将当选主席呢
Will you wait a minute?	麻烦您等一下
She managed to finish the work on her own.	她想方设法以一己之力完成了工作
Whose fault is it?	是谁的错呢
Tom is accustomed to getting up early.	汤姆习惯早起
The button came off.	扣子掉了
Tom did the same thing.	汤姆做了同样的事
That isn't fair.	这不公平
I even made Tom laugh.	我甚至让汤姆笑了
She is a nurse.	她是护士
This job pays pretty well.	这工作报酬很高
Open your eyes.	睁开眼睛
The faucet is leaking.	水龙头在滴水
It's very difficult.	这很难
I can swim well.	我游泳可以游得很好
I really can't figure out why.	我真的搞不懂为什么
I bought this watch at the store.	我在这家店买了这支手表
I don't know what we'll do.	我不知道我们将会做什么
Only six people were present at the party.	只有六个人参加了派对
He likes to travel alone.	他喜欢独自旅行
He is up to his ears in debt.	他浑身是债
This is a book about stars.	这是本关于星星的书
He is American.	他是美国人
He knows how to captivate his audience.	他知道如何去吸引他的听众
The wall is thirty yards long.	这堵墙长三十码
They look familiar.	他们很眼熟
You're a friend of Tom's, aren't you?	你是汤姆的朋友
Tom followed me.	汤姆跟着我
Do you know when the supermarket closes?	你知道商场什么时候关门吗
They will get married next month.	他们将在下个月结婚
How do you know about that?	你为什么会知道
The court acquitted him of the charge of murder.	法庭对他的谋杀罪名作出了无罪判决
He is good at dealing with children.	他擅长应付小孩子
Compared to our house, yours is a mansion.	跟我们的房子比
We had a lot of snow last year.	去年下了很多雪
Tom still isn't sure what to do.	汤姆还是不确定要做甚么
I saw him run away.	我看见他逃跑了
I really like this story.	我真喜欢这故事
Leave me alone!	别烦我
Do you know if Tom has spoken to Mary recently?	你是否知道最近汤姆跟玛丽有没有说过话
He told the students to be quiet.	他告诉了学生要安静
A white dove is on the roof.	屋顶上有只白鸽
She asked us to leave her alone.	她要求我们别吵她
One out of 455 women doesn't realize she's pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy.	455	名妇女中会有一名直到怀孕第二十周前没有意识到自己怀孕
They waited for him for hours.	他们等了他好几个小时
I can't blame Tom for not waiting.	我不能怪汤姆不等著
"Will you have some more coffee?" "No, thanks. I've had enough."	“	你想再来点咖啡吗
Everything is ready.	一切就绪
All people are born equal.	人人生来平等
She wants a new dress badly.	她很想要一条新的连衣裙
Which do you like better, this or that?	你更喜欢哪个
His sudden appearance surprised us all.	他的突然出现
I don't like the way you talk to me.	我不喜欢你和我说话的口气
The professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand.	那个教授讲得太快了
What time are you going on duty?	你几点值班
It is 7:45.	现在是七点四十五分
Finland is a small country.	芬兰是小国
They acted on the information.	他们根据情报采取行动
I didn't sell Tom my car.	我没把我的车卖给汤姆
What do you make of his attitude towards us these days?	你做了什么让他这些日子用这种态度对待我们
These scissors don't cut well.	这把剪刀剪不好
He was the first person to arrive.	他是第一个到达的人
Some foods make you thirsty.	有些食物令人口渴
I don't have a prejudice against foreign workers.	我对外籍员工没有偏见
Please conduct yourself with dignity.	请自重
How can that be possible?	那怎么可能
She has a view that is different from mine.	她持有与我不同的观点
You're not even listening.	你就没在听
Where does it hurt?	哪里疼
He dreamed of being a hero.	他梦想着成为一名英雄
Shine your shoes before going out.	出门前把你的鞋子擦亮
I can't find my wallet.	我找不到我的钱包了
Please keep an eye on my suitcase.	请留神看著我的手提箱
He cannot sing well.	他歌儿唱得不咋地
God is everywhere.	神无处不在
We invited him to our house.	我们邀请了他到我们家
Tom just wants my money.	汤姆就是想要我的钱
Do you have a map?	你有地图吗
We could see the sunset from the window.	我们能从窗户看到日落
It is likely to rain tomorrow.	明天有可能会下雨
They looked as if they would cry.	他们看起来好像要哭了
His absence gave birth to all sorts of rumors.	他的缺席导致了各种谣言的产生
I shouldn't have logged off.	我不应该登出
You are in a safe place.	您在一个安全的地方
I have never been to the States.	我从来没去过美国
Since I couldn't pay the rent, I asked him for help.	因为我付不了租金
I met him at the station.	我在车站遇见他
There's no more salt.	没有再多的盐了
She always keeps her promises.	她总是信守承诺
We are happy to see you again.	我们很高兴再次见到你
This is a very important meeting.	这是个很重要的会议
A blast of cold air swept through the house.	冷空气疾风席卷整栋房子
That would be relevant.	那会有关系
He's three years older than her.	他比她大三岁
You must go outside if you want to smoke.	如果您想抽烟的话
He was caught cheating in the exam.	他在考试中作弊时被抓到了
He has three times as many books as I have.	他拥有的书是我拥有的三倍
My father had already finished breakfast when I got up this morning.	我今早起床时
I'm lost.	我迷失了
I'm going to help you rescue Tom.	我要帮你营救汤姆
Blenders are nice for people who really like smoothies.	搅拌机对真的喜欢冰沙的人来说很不错
This is never going to end.	这个永远结束不了
How long does the airport bus take to the airport?	乘机场大巴去机场要多久
He likes Disney.	他喜欢迪士尼
I know that you're busy, too.	我知道
Something is better than nothing.	聊胜于无
Both Tom and his wife grew up in Australia.	汤姆和他的妻子都在澳大利亚长大
She rushed home with the good news.	她急忙带著好消息跑回家
I'm very hungry now.	我现在非常饿
My grandmother lives by herself.	我祖母独自生活
Who told you the news?	谁告诉了你这个消息
Arrangements have already been made.	已经安排好了
Who's the girl in this picture?	这张照片里的女孩是谁
If you have a question, please raise your right hand.	如果有问题
Don't forget to put the fire out.	不要忘了熄火
You don't need to answer right away.	你不用马上回答
I know you hired Tom.	我知道你雇了汤姆
Get out of my house.	滚出我的房子
Is there an app for that?	有它的应用吗
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read Chinese.	我会说中文
His house was struck by lightning.	他的房子遭到雷击
Why are you giving me this money?	你为什么给我这些钱
Tom is very annoying, isn't he?	汤姆是不是很烦人
I can't understand how Tom could know.	我不明白汤姆是怎么知道的
She's not a regular employee of this company.	她不是这间公司正式的职员
I've been to Australia three times.	我去过澳洲三次
Are you thirsty?	你渴吗
It's still too early to get up.	时间还早不必这么早起床
It is a pity that you can't join us.	你不能和我们一起来真可惜
I'd be grateful to you if you could teach me to do that.	如果你能教我怎么做
I gave you my word.	我和你保证
He goes to bed at eight o'clock.	他八点上床睡觉
I think he'll come.	我想他会来的吧
Tom is now living in Boston.	汤姆现在住在波士顿
Because there was traffic, I was late to the meeting.	因为堵车
You may choose any book you like.	你可以选择任何你喜欢的书
She described him as a detective.	她把他形容为侦探
Both of them are in the room.	他们两个人都在房间里
Tom usually doesn't make mistakes.	汤姆通常不犯错
I have a cough.	我咳嗽
I'm not married.	我单身
She whispered something into his ear.	她在他耳边低声说话
He doesn't have any knowledge about American democracy.	他一点都不知道美国的民主
There are no chairs in this room.	这个房间里没有椅子
He is the baby of the family.	他是家里的宝贝
I feel comfortable in his company.	我在他的公司里觉得很舒服
It's the middle of the night. Why aren't you asleep?	三更半夜不睡觉
I'm glad to see you back.	很高兴再见到您
The warnings were ignored.	警告被忽视
I'd like to buy a house.	我想买套房子
By the way, did you find the umbrella you said you'd lost the other day?	对了
How was your trip?	你的旅行怎么样
I'd like to meet your older sister.	我想见你姐姐
I often go to the movies.	我常常去看电影
I agree with his opinion.	我同意他的观点
The girl playing the piano is my sister.	弹钢琴的女孩是我妹妹
You can bank on that.	你可以相信那个
She married him for his money.	她为了他的钱嫁给了他
He regrets his having wasted his money.	他后悔自己的挥金如土
I will wait for my sister here.	我会在这里等我姊姊
I could hear birds singing outside my window.	我能听见鸟在窗外歌唱
She suddenly became famous.	她突然出名了
Feel free to stay.	欢迎留下来
I wish you the best of luck.	祝你好运
I know those tall girls quite well.	我跟那些高个子的女孩很熟稔
We kept quiet.	我们保持了沉默
The rain prevented me from going.	雨大得让我不能走
Some passengers complained about the service.	有些乘客抱怨服务态度不好
What's your husband's name?	你丈夫叫什么
Speech is silver, silence is gold.	开口是银
How long is this visa good for?	这个签证的有效期限是多久
You can't go outside.	你不能到外面去
You must know yourself.	你自己应该知道吧
He asked me whether I like math.	他问我喜不喜欢数学
Tom has an old car.	汤姆有辆旧车
His name was on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn't remember it.	我都快要说出他的名字了
He already knew about it.	他已经意识到它了
Our situation should improve in the near future.	我们近期内的情况应该会好转
I'd like to go to the mall.	我想去商场
We talked about it all night.	我们谈这事谈了一整夜
I bought the book yesterday.	这本书我昨天买了
I wish you good luck.	祝你好运
I was a little bit nervous.	我有点紧张
She left the hospital an hour ago.	她一小时前离开了医院
What is it you want to tell me?	您想告诉我什么
I wonder if I can do it again.	我不知道我能不能再做一次
No matter what happens, I'm prepared.	不管发生什么事
I have to clean the bathroom.	我要清理厕所了
That novel isn't for children.	那本小说不适合儿童
The English alphabet has 26 letters.	英文有二十六个字母
Have you traveled anywhere recently?	你最近去哪里旅游了吗
Tom found a skeleton in the cave.	汤姆在洞穴里找到了一具骨架
Tom is taller than you.	汤姆比你高
The soccer game is tomorrow.	明天有足球比赛
How many CDs do you have?	你有多少张
He tends to be late for meetings.	他开会往往会迟到
How's the apple?	这个苹果怎么样
He enjoys watching baseball games on TV.	他喜欢看电视上的棒球比赛
I saw what Tom did.	我看到汤姆做什么了
I write letters.	我写字母
I will not attend the party.	我将不出席派对
Buddhism had its beginnings in India.	佛教起源于印度
What's for dinner tonight?	今天晚饭吃什么
Not a star was to be seen.	星星没有被看到
Tom swam.	Tom	游泳
Please forgive me for being late.	请原谅我迟到
I'll never do this again.	我永远不会再这样做
It's been hot this month, but today's an exception.	这个月一直都很热
He doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.	他好坏不分
Read this.	念这个
He can't sing well.	他歌儿唱得不咋地
Who organized that meeting?	谁组织了这次会议
Keep to the right.	靠右侧通行
He told a funny story.	他讲了一个有趣的故事
What are the origins of the Olympics?	奥林匹克的起源是什么
Hop in.	跳进来
Have you called her yet?	你打电话给她了吗
Did he look like a doctor?	他看起来像个医生吗
Tom graduated.	汤姆毕业了
He likes mathematics, but I don't.	他喜欢数学
As long as we love each other, we'll be all right.	只要我们彼此相爱
The red dress looked good on her.	她穿这套红色的洋装很好看
Tom lost his only son in a car accident.	汤姆在一场车祸中失去了他的独子
You should take care of your sick mother.	你应该照顾你生病的母亲
Have a safe trip.	祝你一路平安
She answered my letter right away.	她立刻回信给我
Can't you speak English?	你不会说英语吗
They constructed a bridge.	他们造了座桥
This is difficult to believe.	这让人难以置信
She was surprised that he showed up.	她很惊讶他出现了
We're going downtown.	我们正在去市里
Don't talk in the classroom.	别在教室里说话
I don't get what you mean.	我不明白你的意思
In the summer, it's very hot here.	这里夏天非常炎热
Don't touch this with your dirty hands.	别用你的脏手碰这个
He is very sensitive.	他很敏感
Somebody is eating.	有人在吃东西
Are you listening?	你们在听吗
I want to go to the skating rink.	我想去滑冰场
I wish that you had told me the truth then.	但愿你那时候就告诉我真相
The prisoner was brought before a judge.	这个囚犯被带到法官面前
Do what you think is best.	做你所想的是最好的
What is it you want to know?	你想知道什么
He poured cold water over himself.	他往他自己身上泼了一盆冷水
Thanks to you I've lost my appetite.	多亏你我胃口都没了
The company's competitive edge will be eroded if system engineers continue to leave.	如果系统工程师继续离开
I have money.	我有钱
I advise you never to live beyond your income.	我建议你永远不要入不敷出
If you bite me, I'll bite you back.	如果你咬我
If you heard her speak English, you would take her for an American.	如果你听到她讲的英语
This is your book.	这是你的书
Did you see the rainbow this morning?	你见到今天早上的彩虹了吗
We are all looking forward to seeing you and your family.	我们都期待看到你和你的家人
Tom will paint the fence tomorrow.	Tom	明天将漆栅栏
Why do you need to read such a book?	为什么你要读这样一本书
No one can deny the fact.	谁也不能否定其事实
He had every reason for doing so.	他有充分的理由这样做
Tom lost his job.	汤姆丢了工作
Excuse me.	对不起
I'm afraid the job I've got for you won't be easy.	我恐怕我给你找的工作不轻松
He doesn't speak our language.	他不会说我们的语言
Have you seen any movies recently?	最近看了什么电影没有
There are a lot of dictionaries in the bookcase.	书架上放着很多字典
The assistant took the money.	助手拿了钱
My brother is very important. At least he thinks he is.	我弟弟非常重要
The road is too narrow for cars.	这条路对汽车来说太窄了
I know what they're going to do.	我知道他们要做什么
The faucet is dripping.	水龙头在滴水
Why is no one visiting my website?	为什么没人来我的网站呢
Tom studies French as well.	汤姆也学法语
Tom is a lot younger than Mary is.	汤姆比玛丽年轻许多
He is still here.	他还在这儿
He has no sense of right and wrong.	他是非不分
You're in my way.	你挡住了我的路
I have class tomorrow.	我明天有课
You don't need to hurry.	你不必著急
Tom will come back from Boston next Monday.	汤姆会在下周一从波士顿回来
We don't get many visitors here.	我们这里没有很多访客
She asked about my school.	她问了关于我学校的事
This novel is more interesting than the one I read last week.	这本小说比我上周看的那本有意思
Wipe your eyes.	擦擦你的眼睛
Put the gun on the table.	把枪放在桌子上
I'm not serious.	我不是认真的
There are a lot of eggs in the basket.	篮子里有很多鸡蛋
I'm sorry, but it's just not possible.	我很抱歉
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.	在派对中我和他聊得很开心
I had to do that to survive.	我不得不这么做以维生
It's getting warmer day by day.	天日渐回暖
Have you had your eyesight checked recently?	你最近检查视力了吗
When you're hungry, anything tastes good.	当你饿的时候
I felt so sleepy that I could hardly keep my eyes open.	我感觉困得几乎不能睁开我的眼睛了
Who's next?	下一个是谁
His memory amazes me.	他的记忆力使我惊讶
What do you do before breakfast?	早餐前你做什么
This job doesn't pay.	这个工作没有酬劳
John is two years older than me.	John	比我大两岁
I've lost my pen.	我把我的钢笔弄丢了
My baggage is missing.	我的行李丢了
Where's my plate?	我的盘子在哪
Help yourself to whatever you like.	随你喜欢随便吃
I'd like to finish the work on my own.	我想自己把工作做完
We've been going out three months.	我们交往了三个月
Tom is reading an essay.	汤姆在读一篇短文
My underpants are wet.	我的内裤是湿的
You have a really good sense of direction.	你的方向感很好
There was some chewing gum stuck to the sole of Tom's shoe.	汤姆的鞋底粘了口香糖
He took me for an Englishman.	他误认为我是一个英国人
A rolling stone gathers no moss.	滚石不生苔
All of the milk was spilled.	所有的牛奶都溢出去了
I don't feel like eating anything today.	我今天不想吃东西
I was already busy planning my vacation.	我已经在忙于计划假期了
I went there many times.	我去那里很多次了
Tom waited for Mary in front of the warehouse.	汤姆在仓库前等玛丽
You should be ashamed of your ignorance.	你应该为你的无知感到羞耻
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent.	万一有紧急情况
I feel we're going to get better.	我感觉我们会变得更好
He's the chairman of the committee.	他是委员会主席
What's the meaning of this word?	这个字的意思是什么
Tom is a very good man.	汤姆是个很好的人
I'm at work now, so I'll call you later.	我现在在上班
Compare your answers with the teacher's.	把你的答案和老师的比较一下
It's really hot here in the summer.	这里夏天非常炎热
I accept the offer.	我接受了报价
Would you leave the door open, please?	请你让门开著好吗
I'm not a policeman.	我不是一名警察
At the age of six, I was taken to a circus for the first time.	在我六岁的时候
All Americans have to pay their taxes.	所有美国人都需要缴税
Switzerland is a neutral country.	瑞士是一个中立的国家
He intruded on her privacy.	他侵犯了她的隐私
I've seen it with my own eyes.	我亲眼见到了它
That's a pencil.	那是一支铅笔
Will you pick me up at seven tomorrow morning?	你明早
No medicine can cure this disease.	没有药物能够治疗这种疾病
This is a very tall tree.	这是棵很高的树
No one ran ahead of him.	没有人跑在他前面
Tom knew when Mary would be arriving.	汤姆知道玛丽什么时候来
She seems to be unhappy.	她看起来不幸福
If you're hungry, why don't you eat?	如果你饿了
We have more customers than we can count.	我们的顾客比我们可以计数的更多
I really agree with you.	我非常同意你
It is this window that he broke.	他砸坏的是这扇窗
My passport has expired.	我的护照过期了
I hope you'll soon get well.	我希望您快就会好起来
You don't need to help me.	你不用帮我
Take as much as you like.	你爱拿多少就拿多少
Do you have a fever?	你发烧了吗
You're very alert.	你真是警惕
You can come at any time.	你随时可以来
They didn't pay me.	他们没付我钱
I made my way through the crowd.	我穿过了人群向前走
It is no use arguing with her.	和她争辩是没用的
You have a strange sense of humor.	你有种奇怪的幽默感
I've already done my homework.	我已经做了我的家庭作业
Where were you yesterday morning?	你昨天上午在哪里
It's improved.	它有改善了
How do I explain that to Tom?	我怎么跟汤姆解释
It's likely to snow this evening.	今天晚上可能会下雪
Two for the lunch buffet, please.	两人份自助午餐
He has written two books.	他写了两本书
My grandfather died when I was a boy.	当我是个小男孩的时候
Tom finished college last year.	汤姆去年上完了大学
Someone is playing the piano.	有人正在弹钢琴
Clint Eastwood was elected mayor of Carmel.	克林伊斯威特当选为卡梅尔市市长
Are there any bigger carrots?	还有更大的胡萝卜吗
He was walking up the hill at a steady pace.	他迈着稳健的步伐登上了山丘
Where is her house?	她家在哪儿
Romeo and Juliet is on at the theater.	罗密欧和朱丽叶正在剧场上演
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be sick.	玛丽不是真病
Let's go out and have some fun tonight.	我们今晚一起出去找乐子吧
Did you play tennis yesterday morning?	你昨天上午打网球了吗
Grandma likes watching TV.	祖母非常喜欢看电视
He doesn't have the guts to say no to my plan.	他没那个胆拒绝我的提议
I'm not a witch.	我不是巫婆
I only want to know the facts.	我只想知道事实
I asked the boy to throw the ball back.	我请这个男孩把球扔回来
As far as I know, there is nothing wrong with his plan.	据我所知
Balls are round.	球是圆的
The judge's decision is final.	法官判决定谳
This is my father's.	这是我父亲的
He is hard to get along with.	他这个人很难相处
The history class starts at nine.	历史课九点开始
Shake my hand.	和我握手
She remained single all her life.	她终生未婚
We don't have any other choice.	我们别无选择
The third quarter GNP growth was 1% over the preceding quarter.	第三季国民生产总值较上一季成长了
Is anyone absent today?	今天有人缺席吗
We didn't start the fire.	我们没点火
That was a disaster.	那是灾难
We've made mistakes.	我们犯错了
Mary prided herself on her beauty.	玛丽对她自己的美感到很自豪
He's very good at guitar.	他非常擅长吉他
The policeman took the thief by the arm.	警察抓著小偷的胳膊
I want some fresh eggs.	我想要一些新鲜的鸡蛋
Some abstract art is difficult to understand.	一些抽象艺术是很难理解的
You have to choose.	你必须做出选择
Did you go to the book fair?	你去书展了吗
I'm going to stay here for a couple of days.	我将要在这里待几天
Let's clear up this problem.	把问题澄清一下
Tom is our starting quarterback.	汤姆是我们的首发四分卫
You must always keep your hands clean.	你应该一直让手保持干净
Let's get started.	让我们开始吧
Get serious.	认真点
What a surprise!	太惊喜了
He plays golf two or three times a month.	他一个月玩两到三次高尔夫
I'll tell Tom tomorrow.	我明天告诉汤姆
Don't be disappointed.	不要失望
My hand was burned.	我的手烧伤了
They made him captain of the team.	他们要他作队长
When did your baby start talking?	你的宝宝
You've never had a girlfriend, have you?	你从没有女朋友
Whose book is this?	这是谁的书
Tom has lost his interest in studying French.	汤姆已经失去学习法语的兴趣
Is it OK for me to come in now?	我现在进来方便么
Tom encouraged Mary to learn how to speak French.	汤姆鼓励玛丽学着说法语
My hobby is taking pictures of wild flowers.	我的业余爱好是拍野花的照片
He made me go against my will.	他让我违背了我的意愿
Teachers must understand children.	教师必须了解孩子
I'm free today.	我今天有空
Are you good at math?	你数学好吗
Are you interested in foreign languages?	你们对外语感兴趣吗
I don't know. What do you think?	我不知道
I'm good at skiing.	我擅长滑雪
Does this belong to Tom?	这是汤姆的东西吗
Everything was where it was supposed to be.	所有的物件都在原处
Mars is a planet.	火星是一颗行星
She does nothing but complain.	她什么都不做只会抱怨
I'm sorry to bother you so often.	一直打扰你不好意思
Did you go anywhere during the summer vacation?	这个暑假你有去哪儿玩吗
I have problems, just like everybody else.	我有问题
It is difficult to give up smoking.	戒烟很难
I haven't met her.	我没有遇见她
Tom came over and shook my hand.	汤姆过来跟我握了手
He will make you eat dirt.	他会让你吃灰的
I'd like a table by the window.	我要一张靠窗的桌子
We accept your challenge.	我们接受你们的挑战
This orange is too sour.	这个柳橙太酸了
Children depend on their parents for food, clothing and shelter.	孩子们的衣食住行靠的是他们的父母
She filled the glass with wine.	她在玻璃杯里装满了酒
I think you have a fever.	我觉得你发烧了
What can Tom do?	汤姆能做什么
I want to pick out a present for my friend.	我想给我朋友选个礼物
Please give me a glass of water.	请你给我一杯水
Those trains run every three minutes.	这些火车每三分钟发车
I often use SSH to access my computers remotely.	我经常使用
A wise man profits from his mistakes.	聪明人会从自己的错误中受益
They say it will be very hot.	他们说天气会很热
This is way better.	这样好多了
Which translation of this book do you think is better, the French one or the English one?	你觉得这本书的哪个译本比较好
I think I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.	我认为我现在有足够的钱买我想要的那辆车
Tom advised me not to buy a secondhand car.	汤姆建议我不要买二手车
Everyone admires the pictures painted by him.	每个人都很欣赏他所画的图画
I caught a cold two days ago.	我两天前感冒了
We've been asked to not do this anymore.	我们被要求不再这么做
I'm not a junior high school student.	我不是个初中生
That could be too late.	那可能太晚了
We have almost finished our work.	我们几乎完成了我们的工作
She bit him.	她咬了他
May I see the wine list?	我可以看一下酒单吗
She was at a loss for words to express her feeling.	她已经无法用语言表达她的感觉了
What's her job?	她做什么工作
Who's your girlfriend?	你女朋友是谁
I tried not to cry.	我努力忍住哭
I won!	我赢了
What size shoes do you wear?	你穿几号的鞋子
Tom clenched his fists.	汤姆握紧了他的拳头
Only a few TV programs are worth watching.	只有为数不多的几个电视节目值得关注
This house is not for sale.	这房子不出售
Do you know whose this is?	这是谁的你知道吗
Have you done all your homework?	你做了所有的功课吗
He is acquainted with my wife.	他是我太太认识的一个人
Taking off is easier than landing.	起飞比降落容易
He is always giving presents to his wife.	他一直会给他妻子送礼物
It is an advantage to be able to use a computer.	会用电脑是一个好处
We have to continue to do our jobs.	我们要继续我们的工作
The problem isn't Tom.	问题不是汤姆
Aren't you coming to pick me up tomorrow morning?	你明天早上不来接我吗
He looks suspicious.	他看起来很可疑
If not now, when?	如果不是现在
We elected her captain of our team.	我们选她为我们队的队长
This school was founded in 1970.	这所学校是
It's none of your business.	这不关你的事
There is a long wait between trains.	在火车的间隔中有漫长的等待
This amount includes tax.	这个价格含了税
Nothing happened.	什么事都没有发生
That's very big.	那是很大的
You'd better send for a doctor.	你最好派人去请医生来
She showed him the photo.	她把照片给他看
They made their way across the river.	他们渡河前进
Tom felt his heart beating faster.	汤姆感觉他心跳加快
He cut down a tree in his garden.	他在花园里砍了一棵树
Why are you angry?	你为什么生气
I work for a bank.	我为一家银行工作
That's flammable.	那是可燃的
What does this stand for?	这是什么意思
Why did they turn down your proposal?	他们为什么否决了你的建议呢
Your order has been submitted.	您的订单已经提交了
I want to go with you.	我想和你一起去
She went to Mexico by herself.	她独自一人去了墨西哥
Lincoln set the slaves free.	林肯释放了奴隶
What's your mother tongue?	你的母语是什么
It would've been better if you'd stayed with Tom.	如果你和
If you don't give it back to him, he'll be angry!	要是你不还给他
Looks like today will be a long day.	看来今天会是漫长的一天啊
Shortly after the accident, the police came.	事故发生后不久
I'll write to you soon.	我会尽快写信给你
Tom has been driving all day.	汤姆整天都在开车
I'll show you around the town.	我会带你逛逛这个镇
Please make yourself at home.	请不要客气
What did you do over the weekend?	你整个周末做了什么
They spoke to me.	他们对我说话了
The sky cleared up soon after the storm.	风暴之后不久
He has already said yes.	他已经说了是
You have to go home.	你们必须回家
All of our students are studying French.	我们所有的学生都在学法语
Tom is coughing again.	汤姆又在咳嗽了
I wonder why Tom is so excited.	我奇怪为甚么汤姆那么激动
Why don't you sit down and relax?	你为什么不坐下来放松一下
Monopoly is a popular game for families to play.	大富翁是一个家庭玩的热门游戏
I'd like to open a savings account.	我想开个储蓄帐户
Don't stand near me.	不要站在我身边
That is your book.	那是你的书
I lived abroad for ten years.	我住在国外十年了
A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.	一鸟在手胜过二鸟在林
I left earlier than my sister.	我比我的妹妹早离开
Can you translate English into Japanese?	你可以把英文翻译成日语吗
My passport's been stolen.	我护照被偷了
Tom asked Mary to help.	汤姆向玛丽求助
He pretended not to be listening.	他装作没在听
Please give me something to drink.	请给我些饮料喝
Oil is extracted from olives.	油是从橄榄中提炼出来的
I'm no quitter.	我不轻易放弃
The bell rings at noon.	正午时分钟声响起
We can't give up.	我们不能放弃
I looked for him in the supermarket.	我在超级市场里找他
I don't like you anymore.	我再也不喜欢你了
It's our pleasure.	这是我们的荣幸
We're not in Boston.	我们不在波士顿
He spent the morning reading a book.	他整个上午都在看书
That's none of your business.	那不关你的事
Is it already Monday?	已经周一了
First we'll eat, and then we'll go.	我们先吃饭
I can't even remember what Tom looks like.	我甚至不能记起来汤姆长什么样
Tom shouldn't have been here today.	Tom	今天不该在这
My eyes hurt.	我的眼睛痛
How did you celebrate your birthday?	你是怎样庆祝生日的
I know you're richer than me.	我知道你比我有钱
Were they serious?	他们是认真的吗
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.	我要说的只能是你知我知
Can you get it repaired?	你能不能修理它
This chair is ugly.	这把椅子很丑
Do you hear what I'm saying?	你在听我说吗
I like summer the best.	我最喜欢夏天
He likes taking a walk by himself.	他喜欢独自一人散步
Can I try this on?	我能试一下吗
Do it somewhere else.	到别处去做
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.	她一开门
We gave our mother a watch.	我们给了母亲一支手表
The famous pianist smiled.	著名的钢琴家露出了微笑
I was happy to see him.	我很高兴见到他
Tom said that Mary thought John might be permitted to do that next weekend.	汤姆说玛丽觉得约翰下周末可能被允许那么做
Where did you get the money to buy that dress?	你从哪儿弄来的钱去买那件衣服
Do you know a good restaurant?	你知道哪家饭店好吗
I'll call for you at three.	我三点钟来接你
My father likes traveling by air.	我父亲喜欢搭飞机旅行
Does anyone want coffee?	有人要咖啡吗
Were you busy?	您当时在忙吗
Stir the soup.	搅一下汤
She spoke Japanese well.	她日语说的很好
Scotland can be very warm in September.	苏格兰在
How much did this cost?	多少钱
He explained his plans in detail.	他详细地解释了他的计划
Which book is better?	哪一本书比较好
My front teeth stick out.	我门牙突出
I'd like to see you tomorrow.	明天我想见你
My hobby is reading comics.	我的嗜好是看漫画书
Please wait a little while longer.	请稍等一会儿
We should've taken the schedule into consideration.	我们本该考虑一下行程
I'll stay at home tomorrow.	明天我会呆在家里
He pinched and scraped for many years to save money.	为了存钱他省吃俭用了许多年
Anybody can join.	谁都可以参加
You make life worth living.	你让生命值得活下去
He lived to be seventy years old.	他活到了
I managed to make him understand it.	我设法让他明白了
She ignored all my warnings.	她忽视了我所有的警告
I have a bit of a headache today.	有今天有点头疼
We had a chat for a while.	我们聊了一会儿
The vending machines are over there.	自动售货机在那边
The thunder scared the children.	雷声吓到孩子了
We hope you will enjoy the show.	我们希望你喜欢这个表演
Having met him before, I recognized him at once.	因为以前见过他
I had to change clothes because what I was wearing wasn't appropriate for the situation.	我必须要换衣服
My dream is to become a teacher.	我的梦想是成为一名教师
What did you major in at college?	你大学时主修什么
That kind of person will definitely fail.	这种人注定惨败
These cameras are made in Japan.	这些照相机是在日本制造的
Let me stop you right there. We don't want to hear about that.	让我在这打断你
Tom is not easily satisfied.	Tom	不容易被满足
The clock has stopped.	钟停了
I am curious.	我很好奇
Where is the United Airlines check-in counter?	联合航空公司办理登机手续的柜台在哪里
Who's the man playing the violin?	那个正在拉小提琴的男人是谁
Take as many peaches as you like.	你想拿多少桃子就拿多少
I can hear it.	我听得到
A cafeteria is a self-service style restaurant.	自助餐厅是一种自助式的餐厅
It's pitch black outside.	外面一片漆黑
He has no eye for women.	他对女人没有眼光
She stood in front of the mirror.	她站在镜子前
I started thinking about Tom.	我开始想起汤姆
Three months is too short a time to finish the experiment.	要完成实验
Speak softly.	你说话小点声
Did you hear the news?	你听到新闻了吗
How much did you pay?	您付了多少钱
She's a quiet person.	她是一个很安静的人
What does Tom suggest?	汤姆建议了什么
I'm sorry to have disturbed you.	对不起打扰你了
I seem to have a temperature.	我好像发烧了
I am reading a book now.	我现在正在读一本书
"Are you tired?" "No, not at all."	“	你累吗
I can't understand this at all.	我一点也不懂这个
I'm not a native speaker.	我不是个母语者
I call on him every other day.	我每隔一天拜访他
It won't make any difference.	这没有任何区别
I was still an amateur at that time.	我那时还是个外行
Would you lend me your dictionary?	你可以借我你的字典吗
I don't think you need to change.	我不认为你该改变
I appreciate your help in clarifying this.	感谢你帮我解释明白
My watch is very accurate.	我的手表很准
We'd better get a move on.	我们最好快点
I really don't sing.	我真的不会唱
He caught a boy stealing his watch.	他抓到了一个男孩正在偷他的表
I believe you are honest.	我相信你是诚实的
She really does like animals.	她确实喜欢动物
Don't walk home alone.	不要自己一个人走回家
When did you begin playing golf?	你什么时候开始打高尔夫球
You're too naive.	你太天真了
Wherever you go, I'll follow.	无论你去哪里我都会跟著你
He is very stingy with his money.	他非常吝啬
You should apologize.	你应该道歉
The cat caught a mouse.	猫抓住了老鼠
There are a lot of books in the library.	图书馆里有很多书
I had a terrible dream last night.	昨晚我作了一个可怕的梦
I want to go skating.	我想去滑冰
The medicine made me very sleepy.	这个药让我很想睡觉
I don't have a bicycle.	我没有脚踏车
I knew I was going to win.	我知道我会赢
This dictionary is my sister's.	这本字典是我妹妹的
We do what we want to do.	我们做我们想做的
You walk too fast for me to keep up with you.	你走得太快我跟不上
Have you heard about the accident?	你听说过这场意外吗
Don't take things so seriously.	不要把事情看得这么严重
I'm not asking you. I'm begging you.	我不是要求你
She made elaborate preparations for the party.	她精心筹备了这个派对
Tom has lost his keys.	汤姆弄丢了他的钥匙
He's crazy about soccer.	他酷爱足球
It's too dark to play baseball now.	现在太暗无法打棒球
I have a dog and a cat.	我有一只狗和一只猫
I'm grateful for that.	我为那件事很感激
Are we finished?	我们完成了吗
He rested for a while.	他休息了一会儿
Follow me.	跟我走
Can we lock this door?	我们能锁门吗
We have a very good chef.	我们有一位非常好的厨师
He's in the kitchen.	他在厨房
The city has a large population.	这个城市人口众多
A baby is sleeping in the cradle.	一个婴儿在摇篮里睡觉
Sensing danger, he ran away.	他一嗅到风声不对
Tom doesn't have any friends who are willing to help him.	汤姆没有愿意帮助他的朋友
She is qualified as a nurse.	她是个合格的护士
Can you name one of their songs?	你能够说出一首他们的歌的名字吗
I have to take the test again.	我必须再考一次试
There's a back entrance.	有后门
Tom was questioned by the police.	汤姆被警察盘问
Tom is already here, but Mary hasn't gotten here yet.	汤姆已经在这里了
Why are you so good at cooking?	为什么你做饭那么拿手呢
Tom said he needed more money.	汤姆说他需要更多钱
I hope your brother is better.	我希望你弟弟好点了
It is warmer today than yesterday.	今天比昨天暖和
There is a TV in this room.	这个房间里有个电视机
I have a friend whose father is a magician.	我有一个父亲是魔术师的朋友
They won.	他们赢了
My father took out his wallet and gave me ten dollars.	我爸爸拿出他的钱包
That shop sells newspapers and magazines.	那家店卖报纸和杂志
He became more and more famous.	他越来越有名了
He likes to read newspapers.	他喜欢看报纸
Would you like anything to drink?	你要喝点什么吗
She saw a young man at the entrance.	她在入口看到一个年轻男人
I belong to the swimming club.	我参加游泳社
He is a friendly person.	他是一个友善的人
I wrote a letter asking him to return a bit earlier.	我写了封信
This is my friend.	这是我的朋友
Astronomy deals with the stars and planets.	天文学涉及恒星和行星
I liked Tom right away.	我很快喜欢上汤姆了
The soup is thick.	汤很稠
We sometimes meet them.	我们有时会见到他们
He disregarded my advice.	他不顾我的忠告
I was born on October 10th, 1972.	我出生于
They didn't even know how to write their own names.	他们甚至没办法写自己的名字
Have you finished breakfast yet?	你吃完早饭了吗
I had a telephone call from her.	我有一通来自她的电话
Tom told me that he didn't want to go with us.	汤姆告诉我他不想跟我们走
I've been under a lot of pressure lately.	我最近压力有点大
At the time there were no native English speakers teaching in any public school.	当时没有任何以英语为母语的人在公立学校任教
He is going to be an engineer.	他将成为一名工程师
Tom has low blood pressure.	汤姆有低血压
That's too bad.	那太糟糕了
I saved your life.	我救了你一命
It takes time.	这需要时间
Do you know what time it is in Boston?	请问现在波士顿是几点钟
He wishes to become a doctor.	他希望成为一名医生
We don't want anything from you.	我们不想从你身上要任何东西
It stopped snowing an hour ago.	一个小时前雪停了
I'll try my best today, too.	今天我也会努力的
Tell her to come at noon.	让她中午过来
What's going on with Tom?	汤姆出什么事了
Tom goes for a walk every morning.	Tom	每天早上去散步
The army forced him to resign.	军队强迫他辞职
The lion is the king of the jungle.	狮子是丛林之王
Every minute counts.	分秒必争
There are always some people who are unreasonable.	总有一些人不讲理
I like to play basketball.	我喜欢打篮球
Is she a taxi driver?	她是出租车司机吗
Do you like my new haircut?	你喜欢我的新发型吗
I will provide you all the necessary information.	我会把所有有用的信息提供给您的
You can't blame Tom for getting angry.	你不能怪汤姆生气了
I am a bit drunk.	我有点醉了
I'm left-handed.	我是左撇子
Thank you for your translation.	谢谢你的翻译
What is the theme of his latest novel?	他最后一本小说的主题是什么
My brother wants to study abroad.	我哥哥要出国念书
The friend who I thought would pass the exam failed it.	那个我认为会通过考试的朋友失败了
I won't do it again.	不会再有下次了
You're not to leave this room.	你不应该离开这个房间
She put sheets on her bed.	她在她的床上铺了床单
The policeman captured the man who was running.	警察抓了正在跑的那个男人
I know none of them.	他们中的任何一位我都不认识
I'll think it over.	我会考虑一下
Keep the window closed.	让窗子关着
I get the feeling you're trying to tell me something.	我感觉你想告诉我什么事
I'm sure Tom won't have any trouble finding us.	我确定汤姆找到我们没有任何问题
The enemy launched an attack on us.	敌人对我们发起了攻击
Where were you yesterday afternoon?	你昨天下午在哪里
Tom said that he keeps a gun in his home.	汤姆说他的家里有把枪
We have a problem here.	我们现在有了麻烦
Tom is no dummy.	汤姆不是傻瓜
Eating too much is bad for your health.	吃得太多对健康不好
I want more detailed information.	我要更多详细的讯息
I forgot to ask Tom.	我忘了问汤姆
It became dark before I knew it.	我不知道天色变暗了
I like snow a lot.	我很喜欢雪
I can't get at the exact meaning of the sentence.	我抓不到句子的确切含义
If you're happy, I'm happy.	如果你高兴
Tom was a nurse.	汤姆是个护士
Give me the spoon.	把勺子给我
The police will look into the case.	警察会调查这起案件
One's new. The other's old.	一个是新的
My mother looked at me with tears in her eyes.	我妈妈眼含着泪看我
You need to attach your photo to the application form.	你必须把你的照片贴在申请书上
Tom approached cautiously.	汤姆小心地接近
I have a bad headache.	我头疼得厉害
He's always smiling.	他总是在笑
I wish I could have spoken Spanish.	要是我会说西班牙语就好了
Two hundred people died of cholera last year.	去年有两百人因霍乱死亡
He still comes to see me now and then.	他仍然时不时来看我
My father is an office worker.	我父亲是一名办公室职员
Tom meant it as a joke, but nobody laughed.	汤姆认为那是个玩笑
Could you send it to this address?	你能把它送到这个地址吗
I have an urgent message from Tom.	我收到汤姆的一条紧急消息
Look at the large building over there.	看那边那幢高楼
The church is in the middle of the village.	教堂在村子的中心位置
Do you know the boy in the picture?	你认识画里面的男孩吗
I owe him 1,000 dollars.	我欠他
I'll be in trouble if the story gets out.	如果有人把事情抖出来
He wants to be a tennis player.	他想成为一名网球选手
He's not stupid.	他不是傻子
Have you seen any movies lately?	最近看了什么电影没有
I'm good at singing.	我唱歌很好听
Nobody should be worried.	没人应该担心
I study about two hours every day.	我每天读书大约两个小时
Will you wait a moment?	麻烦您稍待一下
He would often come to see us when I was a child.	当我还小的时候他常常来拜访我们
I don't like being treated like this.	我不喜欢以这种方式被对待
Tom remained puzzled.	汤姆迷惑不解
I'll miss you when you're gone.	你走后
They'll let us know what happens.	他们会让我们知道发生了什么
Can you give me a discount?	你可以给我折扣吗
You should have seen it.	您本应该看看它的
Doing that won't take long.	做起来不会很久
May I see your boarding pass, please?	请让我看看您的登机证好吗
The baby was sleeping soundly in his mother's arms.	孩子在母亲的怀中熟睡
Please add up the bill.	请确认帐单
Tom was replaced by Mary.	汤姆被玛丽替换下来
It was our secret.	它是我们的秘密
What time do we leave tomorrow?	我们明天几点出发
It was just as I thought.	这正如我想的一样
Did you hear about what's happened to Tom?	你有没有听说汤姆出了什么事
Money cannot buy happiness.	钱买不到幸福
Tom is a magician.	汤姆是魔法师
I'll open the window a bit.	我把窗户打开一点
I had to cancel that order because we didn't have enough money to pay for it.	我们的钱不够
The noise frightened the baby.	噪音吓到了婴儿
Follow me into the room.	跟我进房间
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the last train.	再不快点你就要赶不上末班车了
It's a pity you didn't come last night.	您昨晚没来真是太可惜了
Where are we going to meet?	我们在哪里见面
Do you drink green tea?	你喝绿茶吗
He comes from England.	他从英国来
I don't have time for a vacation this year.	我今年没时间去度假
I was the last one to turn in my test.	我是最后交的考试卷
Tom has something very important to tell Mary.	汤姆有很重要的事要告诉玛丽
I'm not as optimistic as you are.	我不像你那么乐观
She always lets her children do what they want to.	她总是让自己的小孩做自己想做的事
I'm starting to dislike her.	我开始不喜欢她了
I'm exhausted.	我累死了
The end justifies the means.	为了正当目的可以不择手段
Good job!	干的好
She achieved great success in her business.	她在她的事业上取得了巨大成功
Excuse me. Do you speak English?	对不起
That's what Tom wanted.	那就是汤姆想要的
Tom's door is open.	汤姆的门开著
Thank you very much.	非常感谢
Can you swim?	你会游泳吗
Skip it.	不管它
You remind me of your brother.	你让我想起你的兄弟
I really like to dance.	我非常喜欢跳舞
Where do you work now?	你现在在哪里工作
His lie got him into trouble when his boss discovered the truth.	当他老板发现真相的时候
I recognised him immediately.	我马上就认出了他
That red car hit the blue van.	那辆红色汽车撞到了蓝色面包车
Who wants hot chocolate?	谁要热巧克力
He was discovered unconscious on the floor of the kitchen.	他被人发现倒在厨房的地板上
Has he finished his homework yet?	他完成他的功课了吗
I don't have a desk in my bedroom.	我的卧室里没有桌子
This medicine will make you feel better.	这药会让你好受点
We get together once a year.	我们一年聚一次
Tom said he's going to tell us what he knows.	汤姆说他要把他知道的告诉我们
You cannot purchase this medicine without a prescription.	那个药的话没有处方是买不到的
I could hear her sobbing in her bedroom.	我能听见她在卧室里抽泣
I go to work every day.	我每天去上班
Tom told the cops everything.	汤姆全都告诉了条子
I'm afraid of heights.	我恐高
Tom was on TV last night.	汤姆昨晚上电视了
He gave me a smile of recognition.	他给了我一个认可的微笑
There used to be an old temple here.	这里曾是座旧庙
I attempted to solve the problem.	我试图解决这个问题
I don't work like that.	我不像那样工作
Don't depend too much on others.	不要太过于依赖别人
It's going to rain.	天快要下雨了
That isn't my wife.	这不是我的妻子
Thanks for adding me as a friend.	谢谢你把我加为好友
Tom didn't give an explanation.	汤姆没做解释
Tom is out of his mind.	汤姆失去理智了
My brother is good at mathematics.	我哥哥擅长数学
I know the facts.	我知道事实
I've got three tickets.	我有三张票
I'm counting how many people there are.	我正在算有多少人在那里
He broke his leg skiing.	他滑雪时摔断了腿
Not a single person arrived late.	没有一个人迟到
I don't have any money with me.	我身上没有钱
Later he wrote to the president.	他后来写信给总统
The storm has died down.	暴风雨平息下来了
Do you think Tom is retired already?	你认为汤姆退休了吗
Is the bath clean?	浴室干净吗
I'm not used to drinking coffee without sugar.	我不习惯喝无糖咖啡
They go to church on Sunday.	他们礼拜天上教堂
He wants you to stay here.	他要你留在这里
I try not to think about it.	我试著不去想了
Look in the mirror.	照镜子
Is it necessary for me to explain the reason to him?	我有必要向他解释原因吗
I'm hungry, so I'm going to get something to eat.	我饿了
There were many people at the concert.	音乐会上有很多人
Go outside and play now.	现在出去玩吧
You don't need to thank me.	您不必感谢我
Do as I say.	按我说的做
Are you good at mathematics?	你数学好吗
I know it's hard to believe.	我知道
Which ones are Tom's?	哪个是汤姆的
I will be free tomorrow afternoon.	我明天下午有空
There was no furniture in that room.	那个房间里没有家具
Lots of famous people come here.	许多名人来这里
I wish you had been there.	但愿你去过那里
I am on the right.	我在右边
How did you know that I was with Tom?	你怎么知道我和汤姆在一起
She's not a child.	她不是小孩
It's high time you left for school, isn't it?	你该上学去了
How am I going to explain this?	我要怎么解释
I guess it depends on the weather.	我想这取决于天气
Tom doesn't want to lose Mary.	汤姆不想失去玛丽
Why are you so worried?	你这么担心做什么
We don't trust Tom.	我们不相信汤姆
Needless to say, fundamental human rights should be respected.	无须多言
One of the girls was left behind.	这些女孩当中其中一个被留下来了
The baby seemed to be fast asleep.	那个婴儿似乎在熟睡中
I'll be here for a while.	我在这待一会
She has a very open personality.	她是个很坦率的人
I'm afraid I can't help you. You must ask someone else.	我担心可能帮不了你
I know who likes Tom.	我知道谁喜欢汤姆
We're having fun.	我们在高兴地玩
I'm under so much pressure, I just want to cry.	我压力好大
He went by bicycle.	他骑自行车去的
My father is going for a walk in the park.	我父亲要去公园里走
Hold on a minute, please.	请稍等一下
He picked up the book.	他拾起了书
The topic is worth discussing.	这是值得探讨的话题
I don't want to go away.	我不想离开
AI stands for artificial intelligence.	AI	代表人工智能
I erased the blackboard for the teacher.	我为老师擦黑板
What're you watching?	你在看什么
They won't allow us to enter the garden.	他们不会允许我们进花园的
What are your influences?	你的影响力是什么
I didn't meet anyone there.	我在那里没遇见任何人
The moon is the earth's only satellite.	月球是地球唯一的卫星
It's a long story.	说来话长
She was more beautiful than all the others.	她比其他人都漂亮
A good neighbour is better than a brother far off.	远亲不如近邻
It was her little sister that broke her toy.	她的玩具是被她妹妹弄坏的
None of this makes any sense.	这里头没有一件事说得通
Where is my dad?	我父亲在哪里
Do you hate me?	你讨厌我吗
How do you spell your last name?	你的姓怎么拼
I had a good time this evening.	今天晚上我玩得很开心
Mary wore a simple white dress.	玛丽穿了一条朴素的白裙子
This program is a rerun.	这个节目是重播
Are you sure you haven't forgotten anything?	你确定你没有忘记什么吗
Put your hands up!	手举起来
They granted his request.	他们批准了他的请求
I am an electrician.	我是一名电工
These are my pencils.	这些是我的铅笔
Who wrote these stories?	谁写了这些故事
Do you have any plans for tomorrow?	明天你有什么安排没有
I need that as soon as possible.	我尽可能快地需要那个
We had an earthquake last night.	昨晚我们这里发生了地震
He is a good tennis player.	他是个网球高手
Tom wants to see us.	汤姆想来看望我们
Please buy a tube of toothpaste.	请买一支牙膏
My parents sent me a postcard.	我父母给我寄了一张明信片
He's opposed to racial discrimination.	他反对种族歧视
I know why Tom is studying French.	我知道为甚么汤姆学法语
There's no need to speak so loud.	没有必要说话这么大声
I'm so worn out.	我好累
Don't pay any attention to what your father says.	别在意你父亲说的话
Swimming strengthens the legs.	游泳使腿部强健
The prisoner was behind bars for two months.	那个囚犯在牢里待了两个月
It happened a long time ago.	这事发生在很多年以前
My father is in the habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast.	我父亲有个习惯
It was cloudy yesterday.	昨天是多云
I want a dozen cream puffs.	我要一打奶油泡芙
I intend to go there.	我打算去那里
He divided one million dollars among his five sons.	他把一百万美元分给他五个儿子
Even a child can understand that.	即使是一个小孩子都能理解
I have heard the story.	我听说过那个故事
He read a book all morning.	他整个上午都在看书
What do you have?	您有什么
It still could happen.	它仍可能会发生
Everyone knew Tom was the one who did it.	大家都知道是汤姆做的
That guy drives me crazy.	那家伙让我发疯
We need one more spoon.	缺一把勺子
I have a very sore arm where you hit me.	你打在我手臂上的地方超级痛
I've been here for a very long time.	我在这里很长时间了
This isn't a joking matter.	这不是一件开玩笑的事
My mother grows flowers in her garden.	我的母亲在她的花园里种花
This car needs washing.	这辆车需要清洗
Who was playing?	谁在玩
I have time.	我有时间
Tom told me he hated Christmas.	汤姆告诉我他讨厌圣诞节
I waited half an hour for my friend, but he didn't turn up.	我等了我朋友半个小时
Don't do anything like that again.	不要再做那样的事情了
That isn't right.	不对
He's leaving for China tomorrow.	他明天出发去中国
No one knows whether he loves her or not.	谁也不知道他是否爱她
I don't go in for that sort of thing.	我讨厌那种事
I'll clean up the kitchen later.	我等一下将清理厨房
I'm bored.	我觉得很无聊
The old man is very kind.	这位老人家非常仁慈
He stressed the convenient aspects of city life.	他强调了城市生活方便的一面
You've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.	你已经辛苦地工作好几个月了
Give it to me, please.	请把它给我
I'd like to see your sister.	我想见你的姐姐
Are you new?	你是新来的吗
Were you fat when you were in high school?	你在高中的时候胖吗
You've set a bad example.	您做了个坏榜样
His speech lasted three hours.	他的演讲持续了三个小时
I walk my dog in the park every morning.	我每天早上到公园里遛狗
We got lost in the snow.	我们在雪地里迷了路
I sometimes watch TV.	我有时看电视
Tom put the vase on the table.	汤姆把花瓶放在桌上
He is studying at his desk.	他正在他的书桌旁读书
I think Tom is a bit too impatient.	我觉得汤姆有些过于性急了
There was a fight.	那里有人打过架
You're a student, too, aren't you?	你也是学生不是吗
I'd like to attend the party.	我想要出席派对
Tom always seems to be working.	汤姆看来总是在工作
Tears were flowing down her cheeks.	眼泪顺着她的脸颊流下来
What's love?	爱是什么
He knows German and French, not to mention English.	不提英语
The trees are green.	树是绿的
She is as beautiful as her mother.	她跟她妈妈一样漂亮
Greece is an old country.	希腊是个古老的国家
As for me, I'm satisfied.	就我而言
I went to the airport by taxi.	我搭计程车去的机场
You are just saying that.	你只是说说而已
Tom said that it was a diamond.	汤姆说它是钻石
You'd better not go today.	你今天最好不要去
I have to go to the bank.	我必须到银行去
I didn't think that Tom could win.	我不觉得汤姆能赢
There are many mysteries in life.	人生中有许多不可解的事物
Would you mind if I shut the window? I have a slight cold.	你不介意我关窗吧
He accepted my idea.	他接受了我的主意
Tom attached the string to the kite.	汤姆把绳子加在了这个风筝上
I am very interested in French.	我对法语很感兴趣
This is the first time that I've heard of this website.	我第一次知道这个网站
I'm not wearing any underwear.	我没穿内衣
I don't think it's a good idea.	我觉得这主意不行
They all laughed at his jokes.	他们全都被他的笑话逗笑了
That book's over here.	那本书在这里
Words express thoughts.	语言表达思想
His car is really cool.	他的车真的很酷
Is he afraid of death?	他怕死吗
I asked Tom to play the guitar.	我叫汤姆弹吉他
He was out of breath.	他气喘吁吁的
Tom got fat.	汤姆胖了
Red-haired people tend to have freckles.	红发的人往往有雀斑
Every person is special.	每个人都很特别
Would you mind lending me your car?	你介意把你的车借给我吗
The swallows are migrating.	燕子在迁移
I wish you a Merry Christmas.	祝你圣诞节快乐
This is my property.	这是我的财产
He cleaned his room on Sunday.	他在周日打扫他的房间
He refused to shake hands with me.	他拒绝跟我握手
Tom started dating Mary three months ago.	汤姆三个月前开始和玛丽约会
You're taller than most of Tom's friends.	你比汤姆的多数朋友都高
I don't feel like studying today in this heat.	今天太热了
His voice is pleasant to listen to.	他的声音很悦耳
They must have arrived home by this time.	他们在这个时候一定已经到家了
This is the place where the battle took place.	这是战斗发生的地方
Nothing's as important as peace.	没有什么和和平一样重要
If I'd known that it would come to this, I would have never consented.	要是我知道会发生这种事
Are you going to buy a dictionary?	你要去买词典吗
How was the meeting yesterday?	昨天的会议怎么样
She's wearing a hat.	她戴著一顶帽子
Whose idea was it to call the police?	想报警的是谁
Tom didn't try to hide the truth.	汤姆并没有试著要隐瞒实情
Thanks for your explanation.	谢谢你的解释
We'll leave as soon as you're ready.	你一准备好
How long did it take Tom to read this book?	这本书汤姆看了多久
I crossed the river by boat.	我乘船过了河
They say that he has been dead for two years.	他们说他死了两年了
I'm innocent.	我是清白的
He is very kind.	他非常亲切
I'm sorry my pronunciation isn't very good.	不好意思我发音不太好
I have a friend whose father is a magician.	我一哥们儿他爹是变戏法的
Someone's knocking at the door.	有人在敲门
I've already read today's paper.	我已经看过了今天的报纸
I heard the phone ring.	我听到电话响了
Second semester has ended.	第二学期结束了
Tom doesn't want to work after he's sixty.	汤姆
How long are you going to stay in Japan?	你会在日本多久
They failed the exam.	他们考试失败了
I took it for granted that you were on my side.	我理所当然认为你会站在我这边
Thank you in advance for your cooperation.	提前感谢你们的合作
I'm thinking the same thing.	我也是这么想的
We hope Tom is OK.	我们希望汤姆没事
Tom followed Mary into the room.	汤姆跟着玛丽进入了房间
Whose car is this?	这是谁的车
The old man got off the bus.	这位老人下了公车
We didn't get an apology.	我们没有收到过道歉
You should drive at a safe speed.	你应该以安全速度驾驶
You think I'm mad, don't you?	你认为我疯了
He bought a Honda.	他卖了一台丰田的车
My father is going to kill me.	我爸会杀了我的
I do my homework after school.	我在放学后做作业
Now they have three children.	现在他们有三个孩子
This pen doesn't write well.	这支笔不太好用
I had no idea there'd be this many people here.	我没想到这里有这么多人
May I ask how old you are?	请问您老人家高寿
Would you mind my moving your car?	你介意我移动你的车吗
He'll do whatever you ask him to.	他会做任何你要求他做的事
My mother was up late last night.	我母亲昨天很晚还醒着
I'm on the phone.	我在打电话
At that time, I was still taking French lessons.	那个时候
I didn't get the point of his speech.	我没有抓到他演讲的重点
Fill it up.	把它填满
Are you feeling better, Tom?	你感觉好点了吗
You were supposed to tell Tom that.	你该告诉汤姆
May I ask you a question?	我可以问你个问题吗
He asked that we be silent.	他要求我们安静
My sister and I went to the castle.	我和妹妹去了城堡
I'm not sure of the exact date.	我不知道确切的日期
He swam across the river.	他游过了河
Don't let Tom leave.	别让汤姆走了
I worked three years as Tom's assistant.	我给汤姆当了三年助手
I know Tom is in his room changing clothes.	我知道汤姆在他房间里换衣服
The drug problem is international.	毒品是国际性的问题
I adapted the garage for use as a workshop.	我把车库改造成车间使用
He is a pleasant person.	他是个好脾气的人
It's your choice.	这是你的选择
If I had known that you were here, I would have come at once.	如果我早知道你在这儿的话
I think I've found something better.	我认为我找到了更好的
I'm tall.	我个子高
My mother likes tea very much.	我妈妈很喜欢茶
She beckoned me to come in.	她招呼我进来
A mouse is a timid creature.	老鼠是胆小的生物
Tom hung the calendar on the wall.	汤姆把日历挂在墙上
Who is that boy running toward us?	那个朝我们跑过来的男孩是谁
Anyone can do that.	任何人都可以做到
I'm from Boston.	他来自波士顿
What did he ask you?	他问你什么
Everybody plays the game of love.	大家都玩爱情游戏
You may use this car.	你可以使用这辆车
Dry wood burns well.	干柴烧得旺
Don't be afraid of barking dogs.	别怕吠犬
Did you have any difficulty in finding my house?	你找我的房子有困难吗
I was certain that you'd come.	我确定你会来
The grapefruit tastes very sour.	柚子很酸
I can't hear you.	我听不见你
It rained three times during the trip.	这次旅途下了三场雨
We're spending the night at my uncle's house.	我们睡在我舅舅家
She finally made up her mind to go abroad.	她终于下定决心要出国了
Why worry about it?	为什么要担心
You can only use it once.	这个你只能用一次
Tom has won.	汤姆胜利了
Your manners aren't very good.	你的礼貌不是很好
This is by far the best novel that has been published this year.	这显然是今年出版的最好的小说
I'm amazed at his rapid progress in English.	我被他英语的快速进步惊呆了
I can help you out.	我能帮你
Look at that smoke.	快看那个烟
Tom is likely to still be outside.	汤姆很可能还在外面
This watch is waterproof.	这手表是防水的
Maybe I'll just give up soon and take a nap instead.	也许我会马上放弃然后去打盹
I don't like to swim in the pool.	我不喜欢在泳池里游泳
Would you mind saying that once more?	请你再说一次好吗
Tom told me he was Canadian.	汤姆告诉我他是加拿大人
Tom tried to make friends.	汤姆试着交朋友
I am cold.	我冷
The air is bad here. Will you open the window?	这里的空气不是很好
I can't adjust myself to the climate here.	我不能适应这里的气候
Why don't you wait here while I finish what I'm doing?	为什么你不在这里等到我做完为止
Nobody had ever heard of it.	以前从来没有人听说过
We're not scared of anybody.	我们谁都不怕
I cannot put up with his arrogance.	我受不了他的傲慢
This word is difficult to pronounce.	这个字很难发音
I don't regret it.	我不后悔
Hold your horses, young man.	别那么猴急
Let's play tennis after school.	让我们放学后打网球
Today is Thursday.	今天是礼拜四
I have been abroad several times this year.	我今年去了好几次外国
It's 3:30.	3	点半了
She has the large house to herself.	她给自己一间大房子
Who's she?	她是谁
She accused me of being a liar.	她骂我是个骗子
I should've brought my camera.	我应该把我的相机带来
I'll miss your cooking.	我会想念你的厨艺
I don't feel like eating anything.	我不想吃任何东西
How did you find my house?	你怎么找到我的房子的
The old man starved to death.	这位老人饿死了
Tom snickered at Mary.	汤姆暗中笑玛丽
There's somebody at the door.	有人在门口
She writes beautifully.	她的笔迹很美
The first item he bought was an alarm clock.	他买的第一项东西是一个闹钟
She gave him a tender kiss.	她给了他一个温柔的吻
Tom has no time.	汤姆没有时间
What are we having for dinner tonight?	今天晚饭吃什么
No way!	没门
A doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me.	一位医生告诉过我
He never looks down on poor people.	他从未看不起穷人
Please wait till he comes back.	请等到他回来
You sure were noisy last night.	你昨晚确实很吵
I can swim.	我会游泳
I do not quite agree with you.	我不太同意你的看法
Have you ever gotten food poisoning?	您曾经食物中毒过吗
Wash up.	去清洗一下
This coffee is too strong for me.	这个咖啡对我来说太浓了
I can't drink milk.	我不能喝牛奶
He gave his life for his country.	他把他的一生献给了他的国家
You're the master of your own destiny.	你才是自己命运的主人
I won't know until I talk to Tom.	我不跟汤姆说就还不知道
I'd like to make a reservation.	我要预约
I lost my key somewhere around here.	我的钥匙就是在这附近丢失的
A Mexican taught him Spanish.	一个墨西哥人教了他西班牙文
Stop putting off finding a job.	不要拖延去找工作的事
The movie is worth seeing at least two or three times.	这部电影至少值得看两三遍
Sing us a song, please.	请为我们唱首歌吧
The young should respect the old.	年轻人应该尊敬老人
That's awesome, right?	很棒
He hung a lamp from the ceiling.	他把一盏灯挂在了天花板上
Rain prevented us from taking a walk.	雨让我们没有办法去散步
You can't buy happiness.	幸福是买不到的
It's very important to get enough rest.	充足的休息十分重要
Waste not, want not.	不浪费则不匮乏
They stole apples from my orchard.	他们从我的果园偷了苹果
Tom went over and sat down next to Mary.	汤姆来了
Breakfast is ready.	早饭准备好了
What're you doing there?	你在那里做什么呢
I have a certain amount of money on me.	我有些钱
I love strawberries on Christmas cake.	我喜欢圣诞蛋糕上有草莓
Can I use your phone?	我能用你的电话吗
What is it you want to tell me?	你想对我说什么
I grew up in the country.	我在乡下长大
Are you a teacher or a student?	您是老师
Will he be able to come tomorrow?	他明天能来吗
I'll go with you as far as the bridge.	我会跟着你走到桥那里
Who drew it?	谁画的
He didn't give me much advice.	他没给我多少建议
If you hurry you can still make the train.	如果你抓紧
He spent his sixtieth birthday in the hospital.	他在医院里过了他的六十岁生日
We tried to come to a compromise with them.	我们试著和他们妥协
Are you free this weekend?	这个周末你有时间吗
Your brother got married, didn't he?	你哥哥结婚了
Let's split the reward fifty-fifty.	让我们平分这个报酬吧
Everybody had a hard time.	每个人都遇到过困难
She's already sleeping.	她已经睡下了
Tom sent me an interesting text.	汤姆给我发了一条有趣的短信
He admonished them for being noisy.	他告诫他们不要吵闹
They settled in the country.	他们在乡村安定了下来
Would you do me a favor?	你能帮我一个忙吗
Can you take Tom to the hospital?	您能带汤姆上医院吗
You're smart.	你很聪明
Do you need to work on Sunday?	你周日需要去工作吗
You can say whatever you want to.	你可以说你想说的话
She always clears the table after a meal.	她经常在饭后收拾桌子
I think what you say is true.	我相信你说的是真的
Let's eat sushi.	让我们吃寿司吧
Tom happened to meet Mary at the supermarket.	汤姆在超市偶遇玛丽
Who is your English teacher?	你的英语老师是谁
Where's the vodka?	伏特加在哪里
I don't discriminate.	我不歧视人
Who is this, please?	请问这是谁
Everybody except Tom knew he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
I like to watch baseball games.	我喜欢看棒球比赛
Call security!	叫保安来
May I be excused from tomorrow's class?	明天的课我能不来吗
Elephants are the largest land animals alive today.	大象是如今现存的陆生动物里最大的
Tom won't likely be grumpy again today.	汤姆今天脾气不太可能会那么坏了
She succeeded in drawing the truth from him.	她成功地从他口中得知了真相
But that's not the real problem.	可那不是真正的问题所在
That was a beautiful moment.	那是个美好的瞬间
I generally walk to school.	我通常走去学校
I'd take it as a sign.	我会把它看作一个征兆
She found a job as a typist.	她找到了一份打字员的工作
In case it rains, I won't go.	万一下雨
He is as smart as any other boy in the class.	他和班上其他男生一样聪明
The weather has been unusual this year.	今年的天气一直异常
What do you think he did?	你觉得他这样做怎么样
I went to school yesterday.	我昨天去学校
We had a party last night.	我们昨晚有一个聚会
I hear you have a new girlfriend.	听说你有新女朋友了
I'm 30 years old.	我三十岁
He loves to fish.	他酷爱钓鱼
I wish I could go to Japan.	我非常希望能够去日本
They didn't listen.	他们没听
You did not come to school yesterday.	你昨天没来学校
There are so many people at this concert.	这场演唱会的人真多
My mother gets up early in the morning.	我妈妈早上早起
This book was very interesting.	这本书很有趣
I've dealt with this store for years.	我数年来都和这家商店做生意
I don't think he is truthful.	我不觉得他很诚实
I'm looking over his report.	我在阅读他的报告
Advertisements urge us to buy luxuries.	广告怂恿我们买奢侈品
I hope I'm not disturbing you.	我希望没打扰到你吧
He is poor at chemistry.	他的化学很差
I was going to work here all day.	我要在这里工作一整天
What he said would happen has happened.	他说会发生的事情已经发生了
Let's walk.	我们走走吧
Animals cannot exist without air and water.	动物离不开空气和水
Did you complete the work?	你完成工作了吗
I'll be free all day tomorrow.	明天我一整天都有空
Is it near your house?	它在你家附近吗
You look really nervous.	你看起来真的很紧张
I thought we were going to do this together.	我认为我们要一起做
My dream is to be a doctor.	我的梦想是成为医生
What a pity you can't dance!	可惜你不会跳舞
I am staying with my uncle in Tokyo.	我待在东京的舅舅家
Tom's drunk.	汤姆醉了
I hate the winter.	我讨厌冬天
I'm not good at math.	我的数学不好
You can do whatever you want to.	你可以做任何你想做的事
Were you at school at that time?	那时你在学校吗
I love my wife.	我爱我的妻子
Tom is anxious to see you.	Tom	非常渴望见到你
It's too loud.	它太大声
Crocodiles have sharp teeth.	鳄鱼有尖利的牙齿
You haven't changed at all.	你一点都没变
Everything is changing.	一切都在变
Riding a horse is really thrilling.	骑马真的很令人兴奋
My grandfather lived to be ninety.	我的祖父活到了九十岁
You are a student.	您是学生
There's an urgent need for medical supplies.	急需医疗用品
Did you pay for the book?	你付钱买这本书了吗
These are my books.	这些是我的书
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll give you a kiss.	如果你买给我冰淇淋
I'd like to meet your older sister.	我想认识你姐姐
Are these your daughters?	这些人是你的女儿吗
I've lost a little weight.	我瘦了一点
Go home quickly.	赶快回家
The goods arrived undamaged.	货物毫无损坏地到达了
I'd like to leave this town and never come back.	我希望离开这个村子并且再也不要回来
All of the students were present.	所有学生都出席了
A girl gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.	有个女生用一个橙子跟我换了一块蛋糕
How can I reach you?	我怎样才能连络到你
I nearly fell off the cliff.	我差点从悬崖上掉下去
I'll give you this camera.	我会给你这台相机
How long does it take from here to your house on foot?	从这里步行到你家要多长时间
I know that you still want to be with me.	我知道你还是想跟着我
Look at that house.	看那个房子
They helped him get to Canada.	他们帮他去加拿大
You are free to go.	您可以走了
Please let me go.	请允许我去
All at once, he spoke out.	他突然发言了
I have the right to speak, too.	我也有权讲话
He is making great progress in English.	他的英语有很大的进步
There's nothing good on television now.	现在电视上没有甚么好看的
Could you take a picture of us?	您能好好给我们照一张相吗
I didn't even consider that.	我甚至没考虑过
He fooled her.	他欺骗了她
She has plenty of work to do.	她有很多事要做
She is more pretty than beautiful.	说她美不如说她可爱
She will accompany me on the piano.	她会弹钢琴为我伴奏
Would you like to eat lunch together?	要一起吃午餐吗
What on earth are you doing in my room?	你到底在我房间里干什么
Close the door, please.	请关门
This is the worst hotel in town.	这是城里最糟糕的旅馆
I don't want to talk about myself.	我不想谈我自己
Tom isn't a fool.	汤姆不是傻瓜
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want to."	"	你为什么不去
There is no chance of rain today.	今天不可能下雨
It's spring.	春天了
What's your home phone number?	你家的电话号码几号
I'm getting off at the next station.	我下一站下车
There were two bridges.	那里有两座桥
I never touch beer.	我从不喝啤酒
I think Tom is sleeping.	我以为汤姆在睡觉
I wish she had come last night.	但愿她昨晚来就好了
Tom saw the exhibits.	汤姆看了展览会
I do hope you'll come again.	我很希望你会再来
Shouldn't somebody be helping Tom?	难道不该有人帮汤姆吗
I have been a teacher for 15 years.	我当老师已经
Can you feel it?	你感觉得到它吗
You can take today off.	你今天可以休假一天
She spends a lot of money on shoes.	她花很多钱在买鞋上
Don't worry about it.	不要担心它
That discovery was quite accidental.	那个发现纯属偶然
I was just trying to protect you.	我只是试著保护你
My room is a pigsty.	我房间是个猪窝
She gave the children two apples each.	她给孩子们每人两个苹果
Can you play the guitar?	你会弹吉他吗
This message doesn't make sense.	这个消息没有道理
Tom said he read a book about this ship.	Tom	说他在这次的航行中读了一本书
He dried his wet clothes by the fire.	他在火旁烘干他的湿衣服
I can't understand why you are so critical of him.	我不明白为什么你这么批评他
Tom and Mary admired the scenery as they held hands.	汤姆和玛丽手牵着手
She always dresses in black.	她总是穿著黑色的衣服
Is a thousand yen enough?	1000	日元够不够
How did your weekend go?	你周末过得怎么样
Tom said that you were angry.	汤姆说
The people here are accustomed to the cold.	这里的人习惯了寒冷
She is interested in learning new ideas.	她有兴趣学习新的想法
You'll be confused.	你会困惑
When and where is breakfast served?	早饭在何时何地用
Wash your face and hands.	洗你的脸和手
This apple is very red.	这只苹果非常红
He is very influential in the world of medicine.	他在医学界有很大的影响力
I think you should get more rest.	我觉得你应该多休息一会儿
Clean up the room.	收拾房间
Our ultimate goal is to establish world peace.	我们的究极目标是树立世界和平
She is wearing a hat.	她戴著一顶帽子
We'll buy a new car next week.	我们下周会买辆新车
I like your coffee.	我喜欢你的咖啡
Let's start the party.	让我们开始这个派对吧
Tom's grandmother looks healthy.	汤姆的祖母好像身体很好
I could hear doors slamming.	我可以听见门砰砰作响
He is rarely in a good mood.	他很少心情很好
I go into town every weekend.	我每周末都会去市区
That's what I always say.	那是我经常说的
Let's discuss it.	一起讨论吧
Can Tom come tomorrow?	汤姆明天能来吗
Don't judge a book by its cover.	不要根据封面来判断一本书
Give me the book.	把书给我
Are you angry with Tom?	你在生汤姆的气吗
We have two ears.	我们有两只耳朵
I am happiest when I am reading.	当我阅读的时候
I'm allergic to corn.	我玉米过敏
He cut the envelope open.	他裁开了那个信封
There's a telephone in my room.	我的房里有部电话
He managed to get home before dark.	他设法在天黑前回家
I thought it was true.	我以为这是真的
It was love at first sight.	那是一见钟情
Sorry, can I borrow it for a minute?	不好意思
While we were discussing the problem, I hit upon a good idea.	在我们讨论问题的过程中
What if something gets broken?	要是有东西坏了呢
She used to go to the movies on Sundays.	她从前会在星期天去看电影
I saw Liz this morning.	今天早上我看到了利兹
He doesn't seem to be an American.	他似乎不是美国人
Get on the horse.	上马
I think Tom's an idiot.	我想汤姆是个蠢材
You're a good cook.	你是个好厨师
Pilots communicate with the airport by radio.	飞行员用无线电与机场沟通
The world is full of fools.	世界上都是白痴
He was wounded in the shoulder.	他伤了肩膀
I support you whole-heartedly.	我全心全意地支持你
She asked him to open the window.	她请他打开窗口
Tom is being held captive.	汤姆被囚禁了
Tom didn't waste any time, did he?	汤姆不浪费一点时间
I'm breast-feeding my baby.	我喂我的孩子母乳
He told me an interesting story.	他告诉了我一个有趣的故事
Is there any chance that he'll recover?	他有任何复原的机会吗
I have numerous books on my bookshelf.	我有大量的书在我的书架上
I felt hungry after the long walk.	长途步行后我觉得饿了
You ought to ask him for advice.	你应该向他征求意见
Watch yourself.	自己当心啊
I was somewhere else.	我在另一个地方
I know how to drive a car.	我知道怎么驾驶汽车
She is just as beautiful as her mother.	她跟她妈妈一样漂亮
This towel is so soft and fluffy. It feels good!	这条毛巾蓬松又柔软
Doing that is a waste of your time.	做那事是浪费你的时间
Tom poured cold water over himself to wake himself up.	汤姆给自己浇凉水以清醒过来
He wasn't able to attend the party.	他无法参加这个派对
I think I'm going crazy.	我认为我快疯了
You look pale.	你看起来很苍白
Better luck next time.	祝你下一次好运
Quit smoking if you don't want to die early.	如果你想活得久一点就戒烟
This tea is very good.	这杯茶很好喝
I love passion fruit juice.	我爱百香果汁
I'm freezing.	我冻死了
I never liked biology.	我从来没喜欢过生物学
I wish you good luck.	我祝您好运
Where did you study?	你在哪里学习
Do you believe that God exists?	你相信神存在吗
He no longer works here.	他不再工作于此
Tom didn't seem hungry.	汤姆看起来不饿
I want to get a haircut before I go on the trip.	我想在出发旅行前剪个头发
It won't take long.	不会花很多时间的
I have to call Tom.	我得给汤姆打电话
Tom's Japanese is improving little by little.	汤姆的日语一点一点地渐渐进步中
We toured all the major cities.	我们游览了所有主要城市
It is time you had a haircut!	你到了该去理发的时候了
How can you say that?	你怎么能那么说
Which cap is yours?	哪顶帽子是你的
The company went bankrupt.	公司破产了
Tom criticized Mary in front of everyone.	汤姆在所有人面前批评了玛丽
That's very rare.	那很稀少
Did you see my father?	你看到我父亲了吗
I've heard this story before.	我以前听过这个故事
She gave me this compact disc.	她给了我这个光碟
One of your buttons has come off.	你的一个按钮脱落了
Tom doesn't need to worry about that.	汤姆不需要担心
When it rains, it pours.	祸不单行
The dog saved the girl's life.	这只狗救了这个小女孩的命
A dolphin is a kind of mammal.	海豚是一种哺乳动物
It looks like your dog is thirsty.	你的狗看起来口渴了
He sold his business and retired.	他卖掉了他的事业并且退休
I'm going to change my shirt.	我要去换我的衬衫
I'm looking for some regular work.	我在找一些固定工作
What's Tom saying?	汤姆在说甚么
They climbed Mt. Fuji last week.	上个月他们爬了富士山
Tom kissed Mary's cheek.	汤姆吻了玛丽的脸颊
She seems rich.	她看来有钱
The car is waiting at the gate.	车在门口等著
The sky was clear when I left home.	当我离开家的时候天空很明朗
That makes sense.	那样说得通
Is Tom infected?	汤姆被感染了吗
Did you leave the window open?	你让窗户开著吗
How much is the admission?	门票多少钱
I don't want to discuss it.	我不想谈论这件事
It is not necessary for you to quit the job.	你没必要辞掉工作
She has achieved her goals.	她达到了目标
I'll stay here till you get back.	我会待在这里直到你回来
The box is almost empty.	盒子几乎是空的
I'm sorry that I didn't reply to you sooner.	抱歉
Freedom is very, very important.	自由非常非常重要
Could you wrap this separately, please?	请你分开包装好吗
Everything is bad.	一切都很糟糕
Playing cards is very interesting.	打牌很有意思
I thought that we were going to do this together.	我认为我们要一起做
How much will it cost you to go by air?	坐飞机将花你多少钱
I think I'm going to cry.	我看来要哭了
If you want it, you can have it.	如果你想要
Phone me tomorrow at nine.	明天九点打电话给我吧
I suggest you turn around and go back home.	我建议你转身回家
I need some medicine to kill the pain.	我需要用药来镇痛
He finally got his wish.	他终于如愿以偿了
I like football.	我喜欢足球
Father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed.	父亲确定所有的灯都关了后才去睡觉
A fox is a wild animal.	狐狸是野生动物
Tom is asleep on the couch.	汤姆在长沙发上睡着了
It has nothing to do with me.	这不关我的事
What were you doing this morning?	今天早上你在做什么
Some people are difficult to please.	有些人很难取悦
Do you have an English menu?	你有英语的菜单吗
Turn right at the next corner.	在下一个转角右转
Are you a doctor?	你是医生吗
It's obvious why his stomach hurts.	他为什么会胃痛的原因很明显
It wasn't interesting at all.	一点也不好玩
The airport is close by.	机场很近
That will put you in danger.	那将会使你处于危险
There is no knowing what he will do next.	没有人知道他接下来会干什么
We both cried.	我们都哭了
It's not good for anybody.	这对任何人都不好
Tom finally did something right.	汤姆最终做了点正确的事
The watch on the desk is mine.	桌上的手表是我的
He was injured in the leg.	他的腿受伤了
It rained.	下了雨
Tom has no plans to go anywhere.	汤姆没有去哪里的打算
I hope you have a good trip.	祝你旅途愉快
I love sports.	我喜欢运动
The gardener turned out to be the murderer.	园丁后来发现就是凶手
There are some boys under the tree.	树下有一些男孩
I wrote that.	我写了那些东西
He quarrelled with his brother.	他和他弟弟吵了起来
He died without having made a will.	他没立遗嘱就死了
He was laughed at by his friends.	他被他的朋友们取笑了
I'll do anything.	我什么都愿意做
There is no fire without smoke.	没有不冒烟的火
I asked her for a date.	我向她提出约会的请求
Tom and Mary have a very good relationship.	汤姆和玛丽关系很好
We are happy.	我们很快乐
Tom is looking for a new job.	汤姆在找新工作
Choose whichever you like.	选你喜欢的
Tom admitted that he murdered Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
The library is in the center of the city.	图书馆位于城市中心
He does speak well.	他真的说得很好
The knife is not sharp.	这刀不锋利
I slipped the letter to him.	我悄悄把信给了他
Should we add a little more salt?	我们该不该再加点盐
He's accustomed to traveling.	他习惯了旅行
This is too expensive.	这太贵了
Please don't shoot.	请不要开枪
We must conform to the rules.	我们必须遵守规则
I thought that Tom had a soccer game tonight.	我以为汤姆今晚有足球比赛
This size is too large for me.	这个码对我来说太大了
It makes no sense whatsoever.	无论如何说不通
Tom frowned.	汤姆皱著眉头
You're driving too fast.	你开得太快了
I met him by chance on the train this morning.	今天早上我在火车上偶遇他
His face turned pale.	他的脸失去了所有颜色
You must keep quiet for a few days.	你该安静几天
Don't talk to others during the class.	上课中不要跟别人讲话
He is not very good at mathematics.	他不是很擅长数学
Tom is very important to me.	汤姆对我来说很重要
Whichever route you take, you will get there in time.	不管你选哪条路
I was alone.	我茕茕孑立
I'm still mad.	我还是很气
Broccoli is one of the healthiest vegetables.	西兰花是最健康的蔬菜之一
There were some boats on the lake.	湖上有一些船
She got over the shock of her father's death.	她从她父亲过世的震惊中恢复了
You'd better take this.	你最好带上这个
I know that Tom is allergic to bees.	我知道汤姆对蜜蜂过敏
It is not easy to learn a foreign language.	学会一门外语不容易
Her hair is long and beautiful.	她的头发长而美丽
It isn't easy to distinguish good from evil.	区分善恶不容易
She gave him a lot of money.	她给了他很多钱
Don't mention it.	您不必感谢我
You shouldn't give in to temptation.	你不应该屈服在诱惑之下
This week the cherry blossoms in the park are in full bloom.	本周公园樱花盛开
Do you have a non-smoking section?	你们有非吸烟区吗
Is Tom well?	汤姆还好吧
We expect to win.	我们看来会赢
I chose the wrong one.	我选了错的那个
Show me another example.	再给我举个例子
I got up early yesterday.	昨天我很早起床
I didn't think Tom would be scared.	我没想到汤姆会害怕
Who else knows about it?	还有谁知道它
You might not like this beer at first. It's an acquired taste.	刚开始的时候你可能不会喜欢这个啤酒
The baby seemed to be in a deep sleep.	那个婴儿似乎在熟睡中
Chinese is a tonal language.	汉语是一个声调语言
I've run out of money.	我钱已经用完了
The bank was held up a week ago.	这家银行一周前被抢劫
I've gotten better.	我已经变得好多了
While you're young, you should read a lot.	当你年轻的时候
I promise that I'll do it.	我保证我会做的
He makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.	他给自己定下每天早上散步的规矩
Something did happen.	有什么事发生了
You don't need to work on Sundays.	星期天的时候
Can you guess my age?	你能猜到我的年龄吗
I need more time to finish my homework.	我需要更多时间来完成我的家庭作业
English is by far the most widely-spoken language in the world.	英语是目前在世界上使用最广泛的语言
It's cool this morning, isn't it?	今天上午很凉爽
Please speak as slowly as possible.	请尽量慢点说
I bought two tickets for a concert.	我买了两张音乐会的票
I'd like to exchange this shirt I bought yesterday.	我想去换我昨天买的这件衬衫
He was born in the 19th century.	他生于
He doesn't come here every day.	他不是每一天都来这里
It's all just a big misunderstanding.	这只不过全是个大误会而已
Soccer is my favorite sport.	足球是我最喜欢的运动
We used to play in the park.	我们过去常在公园玩
She practiced the piano every day.	她每天练习弹钢琴
Did you enjoy your winter holidays?	你寒假过得愉快吗
It would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work.	给你解释这为什么行不通要花很多时间
It's a clear day.	它是一个晴朗的日子
My mother looks young for her age.	从她的年龄看来
He waited for me until I arrived.	他等我直到我来
Tom is a violin teacher.	汤姆是小提琴教师
Did you really think I was going to help you?	你真的觉得我会帮你吗
What would you like for supper?	你晚餐想吃什么
I wasn't yet married at that time.	那个时候我还没有结婚
Will this year be different?	今年将会不同以往吗
She likes jazz, and I do, too.	她喜欢爵士乐
I felt incredibly nervous.	我感到万分焦虑
I hear that she is a famous actress.	我听说她是个有名的演员
The basket was full of strawberries.	篮子里装满了草莓
You may think those shoes are in fashion, but they aren't.	你可能认为那些鞋子很时髦
Don't you feel cold?	你不冷吗
He shaves every day.	他每天刮胡子
I see a cat chasing a dog.	我看见一只猫追着一只狗跑
Where is the tourist information office?	游客咨询处在哪里
Didn't I tell you so?	我不是告诉过你了吗
Are you a student?	您是学生吗
Tom drank some orange juice.	Tom	喝了点柳橙汁
Tom made some mistakes on the test.	汤姆在考试中犯了一些错误
They make frequent trips to Europe.	他们经常去欧洲
When does Tom eat breakfast?	汤姆什么时候吃早饭
I can't swim at all.	我一点也不会游泳
I played catch with my father.	我和我爸爸玩接球
It is no use asking him again.	再问他也没用
She managed to keep up appearances.	她设法保住面子
The light was on.	灯亮着
She has plenty of books.	她有大量的书
He went to the store.	他去了商店
She's busy now and can't speak to you.	她现在忙
May I help you?	我能帮你吗
Is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die?	由医生来决定某人何时该死是对的吗
Delete Tom's name from the list.	从名单上删掉汤姆的名字
You should apologize for your rudeness.	您该为您的粗鲁道歉
The storm abated.	风暴减弱了
Tom says Mary can't do that.	汤姆说玛丽不能做
I'll bring wine.	我会带酒来
He likes both music and sports.	他喜欢音乐和运动
Tom certainly is an eloquent speaker.	汤姆的确是个很会讲话的人
God exists.	上帝存在
It looks suspicious.	看上去很可疑
We go to school to study.	我们去学校学习
He imitated the works of Van Gogh.	他模仿了梵高的作品
You'll never guess what Tom brought with him.	你永远猜不到汤姆带来了什么
What happened? The car's slowing down.	发生了什么事
I saw her swim.	我看见她游泳
That pasture is ten acres.	那个牧场有十英亩大
I might've forgotten my keys.	我可能把钥匙忘了
China has about 25 times the area of Japan.	中国的版图大概是日本的二十五倍
How much do I owe you?	我欠您多少
I bought a hat at the store.	我在这家商店买了一顶帽子
Get away!	走开
If you want to, call me this afternoon.	如果你想的话
That's a nice coat.	那是一件不错的大衣
I don't know and I don't want to know.	我不知道
What're you laughing at?	在笑什么呢
You should wear a coat.	你应该穿一件大衣
Let's take a walk in the park.	让我们在公园里散步吧
May I pay by check?	我可以用支票付吗
I applied for membership in the association.	我申请成为协会会员
He backed his car into the garage.	他倒车入车库
The tower leaned slightly to the west.	塔有点向西边倾斜
Do you feel like eating something?	你想吃点东西吗
This word comes from Latin.	这个词源于拉丁语
We didn't see anybody.	我们谁也没看见
Did you grade the tests?	你给测验评分了吗
I have something to give you.	我有些东西要给你
I don't lie.	我不说谎
I haven't found anything.	我甚么也没找到
We grow vegetables in our garden.	我们在我们的花园里种蔬菜
I'm going fishing with him.	我跟他去钓鱼
Do you know how to recover a deleted file?	你知道怎么恢复已删除的文件吗
The students are in the classroom.	学生们在教室里
Have I changed that much?	我变了这么多吗
I don't believe it at all.	我根本不信
The argument ended in a fight.	讨论最后变成了打架
I don't want Tom to do that alone.	我不想让汤姆自己做
She doesn't smile for me anymore.	她已经不向我微笑了
The second lesson is very easy.	第二课非常简单
Leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do.	半途而废是你所能做的最糟糕的事情
Tom takes a walk every morning.	Tom	每天早上去散步
Who's Tom's girlfriend?	汤姆的女朋友是谁
I wish I hadn't said that at the party.	我希望我在聚会上没说过那话
I'd like to put some things in the hotel safe.	我想在酒店的保险柜里存点东西
My plane leaves at six o'clock.	我搭的飞机在六点钟起飞
I'm seeing my uncle tomorrow.	我明天要去看我叔叔
Tom told me he'd give me that book if I wanted it.	汤姆说过
I met an American who was interested in Noh plays.	我碰到一个对能剧感兴趣的美国人
It can be dangerous.	它有危险
The bedrooms are upstairs.	卧室在楼上
I am happy to have so many good friends.	我很高兴有这么多好朋友
I like playing tennis and golf.	我喜欢打网球和高尔夫球
Let's do it another time.	再找时间吧
He is crazy about jazz.	他醉心于爵士乐
The light is green now.	红绿灯现在是绿色的
Tom kept talking all night.	汤姆整夜一直在说话
Tom speaks French fluently.	汤姆的法语说的很流畅
She may be late, in which case we will wait.	她可能迟到
Have you read today's paper yet?	你看过今天的报纸了吗
The magician had the children's attention.	魔术师吸引了孩子们的注意
My blood type is A positive.	我的血型是
This is where Tom wants to live.	这就是汤姆想住的地方
I would rather quit than work under him.	与其让我在他手下干
I want to rent a car.	我想要租车
I have the key to the safe.	保险箱的钥匙在我这儿
He could not breathe deeply.	他无法深呼吸
We elected her chairperson.	我们选她为主席
May I ask you to close the window?	帮我关下窗可以吗
Hang up your coat, please.	请把你的外套挂起来
They have elected a new government.	他们选出了新政府
Keep quiet!	保持安静
I think it's OK.	我想没关系
I really don't understand this problem.	我真的不懂这个问题
Not every country belongs to the U.N.	不是所有国家都加入了联合国
I only spent three dollars.	我只花了三美元
You dropped your handkerchief.	你的手帕掉了
Save it on the external hard drive.	把它保存在外接式硬碟
There's no rush to get married.	不要急著结婚
We have nothing in common.	我们没有任何共同之处
He made good use of the money.	他好好的使用了
She sent this book to me.	她寄这本书给我
I did that all on my own.	这完全是我自己做的
I have nowhere to go now.	我现在无处可去
They arrived here safely yesterday.	他们昨天平安抵达这里
Why are you being so evasive?	你为什么这么含糊其辞
He's not good at remembering names.	他不善于记人名
She discovered that she had run out of salt.	她发现她已经断盐了
Tom is unbearable.	汤姆令人难以忍受
There was a large crowd in the park.	公园里有一大群人
Where there's a will, there's a way.	有志者事竟成
If you're busy, I'll help you.	如果你忙
I'll do it tomorrow.	我明天再做
She studies English every day.	她每天学习英语
She married a rich man.	她嫁给了一个有钱人
A doctor was sent for at once.	医生立刻被请来了
We'll have guests tomorrow.	我们明天会有客人
He came home late in the evening.	他晚上很晚回家
That goes without saying.	不言而喻
Everyone likes Tom.	大家都喜欢汤姆
Have you heard from Tom?	汤姆那里有联系过你吗
A laptop is better than a desktop.	笔记本电脑比台式电脑好
This data isn't accurate at all.	这个数据一点也不准确
Who found my bag?	谁找到了我的包
Money takes a long time to earn, but you can spend it in no time.	钱要花很长的时间来赚
Do you want this T-shirt?	你要这件
I have nothing better to do.	我没有其他更好的事情去做
Where else should we go?	我们要去其他的什么地方
You need to register by Monday.	你需要在星期一前注册
I went to school in Boston.	我曾经在波士顿上学
He realized his dream of becoming an artist.	他实现了当兿术家的梦想
Long hair is out of fashion now.	长发现在过时了
He likes music a lot.	他非常喜欢音乐
Let's find out who sent this to us.	让我们查查谁送给我们这个
Who died?	谁死了
I want to marry a girl like her.	我想和一个像她那样的女孩结婚
Hurry up, otherwise you'll be late for lunch.	快点
Are you studying?	你们学习吗
Tom seems tough.	汤姆看来难缠
Did you have a good time yesterday?	你昨天玩得开心吗
I'm sorry I hurt you.	很抱歉我伤害了你
This school supplies students with textbooks.	这所学校为学生提供教科书
We can't promise anything.	我们什么都不能承诺
He may not be happy.	他可能不高兴
I got my bicycle repaired.	我叫人把我的自行车修好了
He looked like a doctor.	他看起来像个医生
In March, many flowers come out.	许多花在三月份绽放
Count to thirty.	数到三十
She returned the book to the library.	她把书还给了图书馆
We will play soccer after school.	我们放学后会去踢足球
Tom is about to fall asleep.	汤姆要睡著了
I don't understand what you are saying.	我不了解你在说什么
Come along with me.	请跟我来
Have you found your ticket yet?	你找到你的票了吗
I have an egg.	我有一只蛋
Tell me how to solve the problem.	告诉我如何解决这个问题
Do you want something to drink?	你想喝点什么吗
I don't want the present Tom gave me.	我不想要汤姆给我的礼物
Will he be here soon?	他很快就会到这里吗
The youngest daughter is exceptionally beautiful.	么女长得特别漂亮
I'm a journalist.	我是记者
Could you recommend another hotel?	你能推荐另一家旅馆吗
I am sorry. I am not from here.	抱歉
I'd like you to tell me the truth.	我想要你把真相告诉我
The mother occasionally reread her son's letter.	这位母亲偶尔会重温她的儿子的信件
Tom has written to me.	汤姆给我写信了
What does it cost?	多少钱
Tom wants a glass of water.	汤姆想要一杯水
This apple is bad.	这个苹果是坏的
Please get me hotel security.	请帮我叫宾馆保安
Tom doesn't know how to tie his shoes.	汤姆不知道怎么系自己的鞋带
It hasn't been easy.	它不容易
I'm seeing you in a new light.	我对你刮目相看了
I suggest we drink as little as possible to be polite.	我建议
You don't have to eat.	你不必吃
He earns his living by writing.	他靠写作谋生
This book is really old.	这本书真的很旧
It's our fault.	它是我们的错误
What's that?	那是什么
Which is your book?	哪本书是你们的
On the whole, the event was successful.	整体而言
I felt good tonight.	我今晚感觉良好
I got off at the wrong station.	我在错误的车站下车
They are talking in the kitchen.	他们正在厨房里说话
Can I eat my lunch here?	我能在这里吃午饭吗
I can't play tennis very well.	我网球打的不是很好
You don't look very good.	你看上去不太好
We were granted the privilege of fishing in this bay.	我们得到了在这个海湾内捕鱼的特权
Turn off the TV.	把电视关了
Listen to me, OK?	听我说
I'll get started right away.	我会立刻开始
How long have you been working here?	从什么时候开始您就这里工作着的呢
I've been told Tom is going to be fired.	有人告诉过我汤姆要被开除
Both Tom and Mary can't speak French.	汤姆和玛丽都不说法语
They gave a series of concerts.	他们办了一系列的音乐会
Mary wants to become a teacher.	玛丽想成为一名教师
You'll get used to living here in no time.	你很快就会习惯住在这里
My father is a native French speaker and my mother is a native English speaker.	我父亲的母语是法语
She gave him a watch.	她给了他一块表
Let me try.	让我来
I would like to retract my previous statement.	我想撤回我之前的陈述
This is a good book for children to read.	这是本对儿童有益的书
I'm developing an Android application.	我正在开发一个安卓应用
There is no reason that I should give up my plan.	没有理由让我放弃我的计划
The traffic accident deprived him of his sight.	这场交通意外让他失明了
He must have taken the wrong train.	他一定是搭错火车了
I'm willing to help him.	我愿意帮他
This couch is very comfortable.	这个沙发很舒服
Don't forget who you are.	别忘了你是谁
He suspects me of telling a lie.	他怀疑我说谎
He said he did not enter the room, which was a lie.	他说他没有进房间
Give me something to eat.	给我点东西吃
I have finished my homework.	我已经完成我的作业
Even expert drivers can make mistakes.	再怎么经验老到的司机都会出错
There's no use crying over spilt milk.	覆水难收
What's going on with you?	你怎么了
What time do you leave for school?	你几点钟去学校
Give me a glass of water, please.	请给我一杯水
I don't go to school.	我不去学校
There was no one in the room.	房间里没有人
It's true.	这是真的
Nice guys finish last.	男不坏
Do you speak French?	你会讲法语吗
I can do it without her help.	没有她的帮忙我也能做
Could we have a table outside?	我们在外面可以有一张桌子吗
He is making preparations for a trip.	他正在筹备一次旅行
Water boils at one hundred degrees.	水在摄氏
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.	人们看待事情的角度不同取决于他们是富裕或贫穷
Come here quickly.	快来这里
We sent out the invitations yesterday.	我们昨天发出了邀请
I like running.	我喜欢跑步
You're a wonderful woman.	你是位了不起的女性
You don't have to hide.	你不用藏著
You must look over the contract before you sign it.	你在签字前必须仔细看合同
You must've been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place.	在那种地方碰到你的老师
A cup of coffee cost 200 yen in those days.	那时候一杯咖啡要
What's in front of you?	在你面前是什么东西
When do you study?	你什么时候读书
I've never met such a kind man.	我从没遇到过那么好心的男人
A day has twenty-four hours.	一天有二十四个小时
Why don't you take the day off?	你为什么不请一天假
You should set a good example to your children.	你应该给你的孩子们树立好的榜样
Bring your children along.	把你的孩子带来
Would you please wait for a few minutes?	能不能请你等几分钟
How much do you have invested?	你投资多少
Our team scored the first goal.	我们队进了第一个球
Do you have any idea where Tom could be?	你知道汤姆能在哪里吗
We were faced with an unusual situation because of the accident.	那场事故让我们陷入了不寻常的局势
I really didn't even notice.	我真的根本没注意到
You'd better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.	以防下雨你最好带把伞
Was this wall built to keep people out or to keep them in?	建造这堵墙是为了把人隔在外面还是把他们留在里面
We're adults.	我们已是成年人了
Oil will float on water.	油漂浮在水上
I know how to make beef stroganoff.	我知道怎么做俄式炒牛肉片
There's no sugar.	没有糖
We're not late.	我们没迟到
She seems to have known the secret.	她好像已经知道这个秘密了
What in the world are you getting at?	你到底想暗示什么
It was Tom that saved the girl.	是汤姆救了这个小女孩
That river is dangerous to swim in.	在这条河里游泳很危险
I will badly miss you if you leave Japan.	如果你离开日本
No one came except Mary.	除了玛丽没有人来
Tom got tired.	汤姆累了
Divide the pizza in three.	把披萨分成三份
Do you want to get some lunch?	你想吃点午饭吗
Let's have a few drinks tonight.	让我们今晚喝几杯
It seems that he's happy.	看来
Don't make me stand here.	别让我一直站在这里
He sleeps during the day and works at night.	他白天睡觉
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light.	沿着这条路直走
I'm not accustomed to getting up early.	我不习惯早起
We had a heavy rain yesterday.	昨天下大雨
My home is far away.	我家很远
The girl tore the cloth.	那个女孩把布撕了
What happened to you yesterday?	你昨天发生了什么事
Tom is the tallest in his class.	汤姆是班上最高的
Flying is the quickest way to travel.	搭飞机是最快的旅行方式
Prices have dropped recently.	最近物价已经下降
I love her and she loves me.	我爱她
It is wrong to cheat at cards.	玩牌作弊是错误的
No one knows what'll happen in the future.	没有人知道未来会发生什么事
She is looking for her car keys.	她在找她的车钥匙
Let me come in.	让我进去
He loves her. She loves him, too.	他爱她
I'm leaving for Chicago next week.	我下周将离开去芝加哥
You didn't come to school yesterday, did you?	你昨天没来学校
We should approach this problem from different angles.	我们应该用各种不同的角度看待此问题
This is the room where the body was found.	这就是发现尸体的房间
We play football every Saturday.	我们每个星期六踢足球
I got up early enough to catch the first train.	我起了个大早为了赶第一班火车
You must take his age into account.	你该考虑他的年纪
We're boys.	我们是男孩
He had his socks on inside out.	他将袜子的里外穿反了
I noticed Tom was smiling.	我注意到汤姆在笑
The lock's broken.	锁坏了
He is living abroad at the moment.	他现在住在国外
She is graceful.	她举止优雅
We know that this is impossible.	我们知道这是不可能的
This is a bad thing.	这是件坏事
Preventive measures are much more effective than the actual treatment.	预防措施比真正的治疗更有效
Is there anything I can do?	有什么事我可以做吗
Please be careful when crossing the street.	过马路时请小心
Some say that China was like a Russian colony.	有人说中国像是俄国的殖民地
Because of the problem of air pollution, the bicycle may some day replace the automobile.	因为空气污染的问题
Do you understand?	懂了吗
He nodded encouragingly.	他点头以示鼓励
He was forced to sign the document.	他被迫在文件上签字
The motel can accommodate as many as 400 guests.	汽车旅馆可以接待多达
Tom turned red.	汤姆脸红了
I know everything that you've done.	我知道你做的所有事
Tom canceled his hotel reservation.	汤姆取消了他的酒店订单
I don't want to stir up old memories.	我不愿意勾起久远的回忆
I want to buy something to eat.	我想买点东西吃
We are badly in need of food.	我们非常需要食物
We've arrived.	我们已经到了
After she had read the letter, she tore it to pieces.	看了信之后
A fire broke out in my neighborhood last night.	昨晚我领居家着火了
He has made the same mistake twice.	他犯了两次相同的错误
That's the reason I bought this book.	那是我买这本书的原因
She has lost weight.	她的体重减轻了
Tom wore ripped jeans.	汤姆穿了破洞牛仔裤
You should've started by now.	你早就该开始了
I had a strange dream last night.	我昨晚做了一个奇怪的梦
Every dog has his day.	凡人皆有得意时
Tom got to Boston yesterday.	汤姆昨天到波士顿去了
I watched a great movie yesterday.	我昨天看了部很棒的电影
They can't hear me either.	他们也不能听见我说话
My son is taller than I am.	我儿子比我高
While I was reading in bed last night, I fell asleep with the light on.	我昨晚在床上看书的时候点着灯就睡了
We expect a lot from him.	我们对他期望很多
It's a waste of time.	这是浪费时间
This is a problem you have to solve by yourself.	这是一个你必须自己解决的问题
I've just published a new post on my blog.	我刚在我的博客上发表了一个新帖子
I'm daydreaming.	我在做白日梦
He studied hard in order to get into college.	他努力学习
I don't think Tom is serious.	我不觉得汤姆是认真的
Let's sit on the grass.	我们坐在草地上吧
My mother boiled ten eggs.	妈妈煮了十只蛋
Languages aren't his forte.	语言不是他的强项
Sorry, I don't have any change.	不好意思
I still need an answer.	我仍然需要一个答案
Put on some clothes.	穿上点衣服
We don't think it's serious.	我们认为这不严肃
Maybe next time.	也许下一次吧
They forgot to lock the door.	他们忘了锁门
You're taller than me.	你们比我还高
The world is just like a book, and every step you take is like turning a page.	世界就像是一本书
The sun sets earlier in the winter.	在冬天
Keep your elbows off the table.	不要再把你的手肘放在桌子上了
John took a key from his pocket.	约翰从他的口袋拿出了一把钥匙
I got off at the wrong station.	我下错了车站
Tom tore the ticket to bits.	汤姆把票撕成碎片
The library is closed on Sundays.	图书馆周日不开门
You could run.	你能跑
She visits the dentist on a regular basis, so she seldom gets toothaches.	她定期去看牙医
Please wait here a moment.	请在这儿等一会儿
The man is wanted for murder.	这人因谋杀被通缉
Mary wanted to marry a man with ambition.	以前
"How old are you?" "I'm sixteen."	「	你几岁
I must finish this work first.	我必须先完成这个工作
He is playing in his room.	他在自己房里玩
He works in a factory.	他在一家工厂工作
I signed the document.	我签了文件
Tom is out cold.	汤姆正昏迷不醒
You can pick out any book you like.	你可以选择任何你喜欢的书
My younger brother really likes to take photos of mountains.	我弟弟很喜欢拍山的照片
Anything else?	还有别的吗
Can you guess what I have?	你们能猜到我有什么吗
I expect you to be punctual.	我期待你能准时
They have their own troubles.	他们有他们自己的问题
You don't understand.	你不明白
What image did you have in mind as you painted this picture?	画这幅画的时候你脑海中浮现出了什么图像
How much money do you have hidden under your bed?	你在你的床下面藏了多少钱
I don't want to work under these conditions.	我不想在这些条件下工作
I'm cold.	我冷
She has been absent since last Wednesday.	从上周三起
I met Tom for the first time three days ago.	我三天前第一次见汤姆
What's your occupation?	您的职业是什么
Your nose is bleeding.	您流鼻血了
I think we should be able to go wherever we want to.	我认为我们应该能去我们想去的地方
Which one are you referring to?	你指的是哪个
They had a baby last week.	上周他们生了一个孩子
How about playing tennis?	打网球怎么样
Which is your favorite team?	你最喜欢哪一队
I want to learn standard English.	我想学标准的英语
Which is larger, Tokyo or Kobe?	哪一个比较大
The light suddenly went out.	灯突然灭了
Do you like cats?	你喜欢猫吗
I don't know when he came back from France.	我不知道他是什么时候从法国回来的
Do you want me to make coffee?	你要我煮咖啡吗
It's about time to go to school.	差不多该去学校了
I am not writing a letter.	我没在写信
I believe in you.	我相信你
You shouldn't break promises.	你不该违背你的诺言
That was years ago.	那是好几年前
Why don't you give it another try?	你为什么不再试一次
Tom should've been ready.	汤姆本该已经准备好了
I'm amazed at your audacity.	我对你的厚颜无耻感到惊讶
There was no water in the river.	河里没有水了
Tom wanted to leave.	汤姆想离开
Taxi fares will go up next month.	计程车费将在下个月涨价
Can you describe to me the difference between black tea and green tea?	你能告诉我红茶和绿茶的区别吗
This bus will take you to the airport.	这辆公交车能载你去机场
She took care of the children.	她照顾孩子
He used to meditate in the morning.	他过去时常在早上的时候冥想
There's a hair in my soup.	我的汤里有一根头发
You're my best friend.	你是我最好的朋友
My sister can play the piano better than I can.	我妹妹钢琴可以弹得比我好
She can't ride a bicycle yet.	她还不会骑脚踏车
What is on the desk?	桌子上有什么
Will you help me give out the programs to those people?	你能帮我给这些人分发节目单吗
Your tripod is in my office.	你的三脚架在我的办公室里
I think I'll be able to deal with that.	我认为我能做好
I don't like big dogs.	我不喜欢大狗
I got a phone call from him just as I was about to go to bed.	我正要上床的时候接到了他打来的电话
This lake is deepest at this point.	这里是湖最深的地方
When it stops raining, let's go for a walk.	等雨停了
I am familiar with this neighborhood.	我对这附近很熟悉
I know Tom is watching me.	我知道汤姆在看着我
Let Tom live.	给汤姆活路
Tom came to Boston three years ago.	汤姆三年前去了波士顿
I asked her to wait a minute.	我让她等了一分钟
He has access to the American Embassy.	他有权出入美国大使馆
I am Chinese.	我是华人
Water turns into steam when it is boiled.	水沸腾后变为蒸汽
He put his hands in his pockets.	他把手插进口袋里
I'm looking for you.	我在找你
He sells cars.	他卖车子
Great progress has been made.	已经取得巨大进展
Can you guess what I have here?	你能猜到我有什么吗
You should have completed it long ago.	你们很久前就应该完成了
Do you happen to know his name?	你说不定知道他的名字
People should be encouraged.	人们应该被鼓励
Did you tell Tom about your problems?	你告诉汤姆你的问题了吗
I fell asleep while reading a book.	我看书的时候睡着了
Tom is awfully sick.	汤姆非常虚弱
When listening to a lecture, you should be quiet.	听讲座时
Tom is drinking juice.	Tom	正在喝果汁
That's all I could find.	那是我所有能找到的
Please continue.	请继续
I'm sorry I didn't call.	我很抱歉我没有打电话
Why did she come home early?	为什么她早回家了
Please show your ticket.	请出示您的票子
Someone must've stolen your watch.	一定是有人偷了你的手表
Tell me you didn't do this.	告诉我你没有这么做
I am leaving next week.	我下个星期离开
I had to take shelter under a tree.	我不得不在树下躲雨
Drive carefully.	安全地驾驶
I did not expect it to be that big.	我没想到它有那么大
We talked over the plan with him.	我们和他谈了这个计划
What did you do with your camera?	你用你的照相机做了什么
This fish is not fit to eat.	这条鱼不能吃了
Are there many trees in the park?	公园里有很多树吗
They were both drunk.	他们两个都喝醉了
That's an original idea.	那是原创的想法
That thought crossed my mind.	这应证了我的想法
Will you take part in the ceremony?	你会参加这个仪式吗
Many accidents resulted from the icy conditions of the road.	道路结冰导致了很多起事故
You're an optimist.	你是个乐观主义者
How's everybody?	大家好吗
We lost sight of the man in the crowd.	在人群中
The rich sometimes despise the poor.	富人有时会看不起穷人
The Japanese military forces seemed too strong to stop.	日本军队看来强大得不可阻挡
I don't belong to any club.	我不属于任何社团
I have a home.	我有一个家
I spilled my coffee on the carpet.	我把咖啡倒翻在地毯上了
Please smile.	请笑一笑
You're just being ridiculous.	你就是荒唐
We've spent too much time here.	我们在这里花了太多时间
I can't work for this company anymore.	我没法再在这家公司里面工作了
Tom told me to take good care of myself.	汤姆告诉我要照顾好我自己
I paid him a visit yesterday.	我昨天去见他了
He has little confidence in himself.	他对自己没有多少信心
What kind of person is she?	她是怎样的人呢
I ate the meat.	我吃肉了
This is my own bike.	这是我自己的自行车
She gave us a vague answer.	她给了我们一个模糊的答案
I share a bedroom with my sister.	我跟我姐姐共用同一间卧房
Please keep this a secret.	请保密
I have a friend whose father is a teacher.	我有一个朋友
He really likes music a lot.	他真的很热爱音乐
She and I are brother and sister.	我和她是兄妹
He's a good lad.	他是个好人
He returned home for the first time in ten years.	他十年中第一次回家
The whole audience erupted in laughter.	哄堂大笑
Everyone in the class climbed the hill.	班上每个人都爬上了这个山坡
I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.	我会不高兴
I can't go.	我不能走
The river that flows through London is the Thames.	流经伦敦的河是泰晤士河
The tire leaks air.	轮胎漏气了
Give it another shot.	再试一次
Mt. Fuji as seen from Suruga Bay is beautiful.	从骏河湾看
This clock loses three minutes a day.	这个钟每天慢三分钟
Is it far from here?	离这儿远吗
I saw my reflection in the window.	我在窗户上看见了我的映像
There was only one warden on duty when the riot started.	暴动开始时只有一位监狱长值班
Certainly she is correct.	当然
Hurry up, or you will miss the last train.	再不快点你就要赶不上末班车了
I didn't know the city, and what's more, I couldn't speak a word of the language.	我不知道这个城市
I'm not as optimistic as you.	我不像你那么乐观
I can call Tom if you want.	如果你想要的话
America is a country of immigrants.	美国是一个移民国家
Let's stop at the next gas station.	我们在下个加油站停一下
I think Tom lied to us.	我觉得汤姆对我们撒谎了
I'm a nice guy.	我是一个好人
Their way of thinking is behind the times.	他们的想法太过时了
He entered my room without permission.	他未经允许进了我房间
Are you writing a letter?	你在写信吗
When I came home, Tom was studying.	当我回家的时候
Tom didn't like the idea.	汤姆不喜欢这个主意
This is Greek to me.	我对此一窍不通
How long have you been here?	你在这里多久了
I provided him with food.	我提供了他食物
She may be a nurse. I am not sure.	她可能是护士
Get down!	趴下
I'll be here tomorrow, I think.	看来我明天会到这里来
Who are those guys?	那些家伙是谁
Your composition has a few mistakes.	你的作文有一些错误
There's no more salt.	没有盐了
There were three uniformed police officers at the crime scene.	犯罪现场有三名穿制服的警察
It's our job to help you.	帮助你是我们的工作
They drink coke.	他们喝可口可乐
Save yourself.	拯救你自己
May I put it here?	我可以把它放在这儿吗
His wife is one of my friends.	他的妻子是我的一个朋友
How did you get to know him?	你是怎么认识他的
He died soon after the accident.	他在事故后不久就去世了
I'm using a new computer.	我正在用一台新电脑
When I opened the door, I broke the lock.	我开门的时候弄坏了锁
There are many fish in this lake.	这湖里有许多鱼
It's possible that you don't know this.	你有可能不知道这事
Keep the money in a safe place.	把钱保存在安全的地方
I'm very happy.	我很快乐
I hate my computer.	我恨我的电脑
I think that Tom has a crush on Mary.	我觉得汤姆爱上玛丽了
There's nothing else we can do.	我们没有别的事能做
You never told me you could speak French.	你从没告诉过我你会说法语
The Internet is an invaluable source of information.	互联网是一种无法估量的信息资源
When are you leaving?	你什么时候离开
Exercise is good for your health.	体育有益健康
By the way, what is your address?	对了
She went to Shanghai by train.	她是坐火车去上海的
They wanted a wedding picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.	他们想在艾菲尔铁塔前面拍张结婚照
I am not curious.	我不好奇
Give me some paper to write on.	给我一些纸来写字
I accepted the offer.	我接受了报价
I'd really like to go to Boston with you.	我不想跟你去波士顿
It soon began to rain very hard.	很快就会开始大雨了
You should've been more careful.	你应该要更小心的
My sister is playing with a doll.	我妹妹正在玩洋娃娃
This one's still alive.	这一个还活著
I belong to a tennis club.	我是网球俱乐部的会员
I'm exhausted.	困死了
Was he still here when you arrived?	当你到达的时候他还在这里吗
I wonder why I shouldn't do that.	我纳闷我为什么不该那样做
I gather that they'll agree with us.	我猜想他们会同意我们的
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius.	水在摄氏零度时结冰
Short skirts are already out of fashion.	短裙已经过时了
How could so many people go along with this?	怎么会有这么多的人同意呢
I don't remember where I bought it.	我想不起来我在哪儿买的了
I am in the habit of taking some exercise before breakfast.	我在吃早餐前有运动的习惯
Have you ever seen a koala?	您曾经见过考拉吗
Turn left at the next corner.	下一个街角左转
You used to smoke, didn't you?	你以前吸烟
I feel like my head is going to explode.	我感覚我的头要炸了
Everybody knows her.	每个人都认识她
Why don't you join our party?	你为什么不参加我们的派对
I don't like green onions.	我不喜欢葱
What would the world be like without women?	没有女人的话
On the whole, the Japanese are conservative.	总体上说
She is quiet.	她很安静
He is not what he used to be.	他不再是以前的那个他了
The landlord says he wants to raise the rent.	地主说他要提高租金
I completely agree with you.	我完全赞同你
I never answer email messages from people I don't know.	我从不回复陌生人发来的电子邮件
Is there a souvenir shop in the hotel?	旅馆里面有纪念品商店吗
Some gum stuck to his shoes.	口香糖粘到他的鞋子上了
After supper, she cleared the table.	晚饭后她清理了桌子
My father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was.	我爸爸对我的爱和照顾不比我妈妈少
I have a proposal.	我有个提案
She graduated from high school last year.	去年她从高中毕业了
Their contract is to run out at the end of this month.	他们的合同在这个月底到期
She speaks Chinese.	她讲中文
I always study hard.	我总是用功读书
You can't buy this medicine without a prescription.	那个药的话没有处方是买不到的
Here is a letter for you.	这儿有你的一封信
She's usually home on Sundays.	周日她通常在家
Do you think it's a trap?	你认为它是陷阱吗
My grandfather lived to be 90 years old.	我的祖父活到九十岁
That's what Tom requested.	那就是汤姆想要的
What did you do last night?	你昨晚做了什么
This book will be printed next year.	这本书明年要出版
Put the egg into boiling water.	把蛋放入沸水中
Do you have a pen on you?	你身上有铅笔吗
You are quite right.	你说得很对
I only wanted to forget.	我只想忘记
I got up early in the morning.	我早上很早起床
Release him.	放开他
He grew up to be an engineer.	他长大后成为了一名工程师
I can't see anything without my glasses.	我没带眼镜就什么都看不到
He looks young.	他看起来很年轻
He is an old friend of mine.	他是我的一位老朋友
We captured the thief.	我们抓住了小偷
I put the book down and turned on the light.	我把书放下来然后开灯
Please show me your notebook.	请给我看一下你的笔记本电脑
Let's drink coffee while we talk.	让我们边喝咖啡边谈
The cargo ship arrived four hours early.	货船早到了四小时
We will endeavour to finish the job by the end of the week.	我们会尽力在这礼拜结束前把工作完成
Everyone's laughing.	每个人都在笑
That house with a red roof is my uncle's.	红色屋顶的房子是我叔叔的屋子
Eggs are sold by the dozen.	蛋是按打卖的
I think you understand me.	我认为你了解我
I'm poor at swimming.	我不擅长游泳
He is entitled to receive the reward.	他有权得到奖励
He dropped his books on the floor.	他的书掉在地板上了
You swim better than me.	你游泳游得比我好
He is difficult to get along with.	他这个人很难相处
There was nobody in the garden.	花园里没有人
What did you do last Christmas?	去年圣诞节做了什么了
Old people get up very early.	老人们很早就起床
Would you like me to get you something from the supermarket?	你要不要我从超市给你带些什么
Who is that?	这是谁啊
These are our children.	这是我们的孩子
Tom isn't smiling.	汤姆没在笑
She is getting better day by day.	她一天一天地好转
Can this be eaten?	这个能吃吗
You look surprised.	你看起来很吃惊
My aunt made me a new skirt.	我舅母做了一条新裙子给我
He stopped for a quick cigarette.	他停下来抽根烟
Do you know how to eat with chopsticks?	你会用筷子吃饭吗
Do you want any of these flowers?	你要这些花中的任何一朵吗
The school needed a new teacher.	学校需要一个新的老师
Tom probably knew who I was.	汤姆可能知道我是谁
He said he did not know the man, which was a lie.	他说他不认识那个男人
Tom can't account for his whereabouts on the day that Mary was murdered.	汤姆不能说明玛丽遇害那天自己在哪里
After a storm comes a calm.	暴风过后是宁静
Don't worry about it.	别担心
He shut the door.	他关上了门
He is fluent in French.	他说法语说得很流利
The girl did not say anything.	这个女孩什么也没说
If you listen closely enough you'll be able to hear it.	靠近一点听
I found a beautiful shell on the shore.	我在海滩上发现了一个漂亮的贝壳
She thought that he was wasting electricity.	她认为他是在浪费电
Did you bring an umbrella with you?	你有带雨伞吗
This house is haunted.	这间房子闹鬼
These dirty socks stink.	脏袜子散发臭气
That's a hard question to answer.	那是一个很难回答的问题
We buy eggs by the dozen.	鸡蛋是论打买的
I gave Tom a going-away present.	我送给汤姆一份临别礼物
Money can't buy happiness.	钱买不到幸福
He told me to wash my face.	他叫我洗脸
Let's play tennis in the afternoon.	今天下午让我们打网球吧
I'm three years younger than you.	我比你小三岁
It was a quiet winter's evening.	这是个静谧的冬夜
I got him to polish my shoes.	我要他擦亮我的皮鞋
You might want to discuss it with Tom.	你或许想和汤姆讨论一下
Have you seen my glasses anywhere?	你曾在哪里看到过我的眼镜吗
What type of work do you do?	你做什么类型的工作
We got lost in the forest.	我们在树林中迷路了
She studied Japanese after dinner.	晚饭后她读日语
You should seriously consider working here.	你应该认真考虑在这里工作的事
He won't go on to graduate school.	他不会继续去上研究所
What do you want to do?	你想做什么
Tom can't speak French very well.	汤姆说法语说得不太好
Turn the TV off.	把电视关了
She asked me a question.	她问了我一个问题
That's exactly what I've been telling Tom.	那就是我告诉汤姆的
I've got a frog in my throat.	我的喉咙里有一只青蛙
Tom is trying to find Mary a job.	汤姆在尝试为玛丽找一份工作
Why don't you come visit us?	为什么你不来看我们
I'm famished.	我肚子饿极了
Tom admitted that he'd killed Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
It'll take too much time for Tom to get here.	汤姆到这里要花好长时间
Do you think animals have a soul?	你认为动物有灵魂吗
I am alarmed by your irresponsible attitude.	我对你不负责任的态度感到惊讶
My father goes jogging every morning.	我父亲每天早上去慢跑
We encountered a lot of difficulties on the expedition.	我们在探险的时候遇到了很多困难
That's not what I told Tom.	那不是我对汤姆说的
Many English words are derived from Latin.	许多英文单字源自于拉丁文
He cannot have done such a thing.	他不可能做那种事
Tom doesn't believe he could do that.	汤姆不相信他能做到
Is it large enough?	这么大的够用吗
We were crowded into the small room.	我们挤进了那间小房间里
Nobody's laughing.	没人在笑
Don't blame Tom for what Mary did.	别为玛丽犯的错责备汤姆
I dropped my fountain pen.	我的钢笔掉了
Tom told us this morning that he and Mary were moving to Boston.	汤姆告诉我今天上午他和玛丽要搬到波士顿
Tom just got divorced, too.	汤姆也刚离婚
I think it's very difficult.	我认为它很难
Be kind.	友好点
Tom never did that when he was younger.	汤姆年轻时从不那么干
Please wash it.	请清洗它
I promised Tom that I wouldn't say anything.	我对汤姆发誓我不会说任何话了
You're the one who must decide.	你是要做决定的人
She was only frightened, not injured.	她只是被吓到了并没有受伤
She is a charming woman.	她是个有有魅力的女性
He saw her and blushed.	他看到她就脸红了
Turn up the radio a little bit.	把收音机开大声一点
Give me something to drink.	给我点喝的
I'll give you this money.	我会给你这笔钱
I had sore legs the next day.	第二天我的腿很酸
Let's take a look.	让我们看看吧
You must hurry up.	您要赶快些
Have you read this book yet?	你读过这本书吗
I'll sue you.	我要告你
Can you give me a discount?	能给我打个折么
This is my favorite.	这是我最喜欢的
I finished reading the book last night.	我昨晚看完了这本书
It's just what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
He behaved as if he were crazy.	他表现的像个疯子
Tom seemed surprised.	汤姆好像很惊讶
I shouldn't have done that.	我不应该做那件事的
You've got to be joking.	你一定是开玩笑
He always leaves the window open when he sleeps.	当他睡觉时
Tom said that he was really jealous.	汤姆说他很嫉妒
Do they like oranges?	他们喜欢橙子吗
Has the bell rung?	钟响过了吗
He hid himself behind the door.	他把自己藏在门后面
I need some help with my work.	我在我的工作上需要一些帮助
Does anybody want coffee?	有人要咖啡吗
Tom found a new way to announce his news.	汤姆发现了一种宣布他新闻的新方法
Tom doubled his investment in a year.	汤姆一年内增加了一倍的投资
Do you know how far it is from the station to city hall?	你知道从火车站到市政府有多远
I'm not guilty.	我没有罪
It's so different now.	现在真是不一样了
Tom ate only one sandwich.	Tom	吃了唯一一个三明治
Are you picking me up at 7 tomorrow morning?	你明早
Can you do bookkeeping?	你会记帐吗
Here is your dog. Where is mine?	这是你的狗
Tom says he left a note.	汤姆说他留了张便条
My father's hobby is growing roses.	我父亲的嗜好是种玫瑰花
The mechanic assembled the engine.	这名技师组装了这台引擎
He bought her a sweater.	他买了一件毛衣给她
Her skin is as white as snow.	她的皮肤白得像雪
Who painted this beautiful picture?	谁画了这幅美丽的图画
They sleep in separate bedrooms even though they're married.	他们分房睡
Please let me try the game.	请让我试试这个游戏吧
Not knowing what to do, I asked the teacher for advice.	因为不知道做什么
I've promised Tom that I'd be there.	我答应汤姆我会去那里
It's been raining since last night.	从昨晚起一直下雨
Imagine that you have a time machine.	想象一下
I don't think he can help you.	我觉得他不能帮你
I feel relieved.	我感觉轻松了
I am looking forward to seeing you.	我期待见到你
He has a strong sense of responsibility.	他有强烈的责任感
You're blushing.	你脸红了
My room is three times as large as yours.	我的房间是你的三倍大
Where're the shoes?	鞋子在哪儿
You can stay here till the snow stops.	你可以在这里等到雪停
There's somebody in there.	有人在那里
We've decided not to fire you.	我们决定不开除你
Tom whispered something to Mary and she smiled.	汤姆小声对玛丽说了什么
Give me your opinion, please.	请给我你的意见
He died yesterday.	他昨天去世了
Are you all right?	你没事吧
Think about this.	你想想
What time does the play begin?	演出什么时候开始
I fed the dog.	我喂过狗了
Tom has been here since 2013.	汤姆从
Tom is ill.	汤姆病了
They told me it was your fault.	他们告诉我这是你的错
These shoes are too small.	这双鞋子太小了
Who are my real parents?	谁才是我真正的父母
They were buried in a mass grave.	他们被埋在一座大坟墓里
She is busy preparing for the trip.	她正忙著准备这次旅行
She got out of the car.	她下了车
Tom is in the kitchen making tea.	汤姆在厨房里泡茶
Your manners aren't very good.	你的举止不是很好
I'm afraid she may have the mumps.	我怕她可能得了腮腺炎
Would you lend me your pencil?	你可以借我你的铅笔吗
Where did you take your shoes off?	你的鞋脱哪儿了
Stop!	住手
He caught a cold.	他着凉了
We haven't lost hope.	我们没有失望
She's sure to succeed.	她理所当然的取得了胜利
Mary likes milk very much.	玛丽很喜欢牛奶
The cat is not dead.	那猫没死
The life span of a butterfly is short.	蝴蝶的寿命短
I went on reading.	我继续阅读
We should sit down.	我们应该坐下
She likes to go to the sauna.	她喜欢去桑拿
Say it in English.	用英语说
Tom didn't want Mary to know he didn't know how to do that.	汤姆不想玛丽知道他不知道怎么做
The garden was filled with flowers.	花园里充满了花朵
She looks blue for some reason.	由于某些原因
Her socks are gray.	她的袜子是灰色的
You can't get ahead if you don't work hard.	一分耕耘
He made his way through the crowd.	他设法穿过了人群
At first, I thought they were sick.	一开始
Will you drive me to the hospital?	你可以载我去医院吗
I'm still the boss here.	我仍是这里的老板
Is there any possibility of his resigning?	他有可能辞职吗
Is she a computer programmer?	她是个程序媛吗
He couldn't hold his temper any longer.	他再也忍不住气了
Why do you think that I'm thinking about you?	你为什么会认为我在想你
The pressure was tremendous.	压力很巨大
Maybe he will be a good teacher.	也许他会是一个很好的老师
We're all at risk.	我们都处于危险之中
I have a pair of shoes.	我有一双鞋
I'm sure Tom can't swim.	我确定汤姆不会游泳
The heater is broken.	暖气坏了
Between you and me, what is your opinion of her?	你就只告诉我一个人
Mary closed the door quietly.	玛丽悄悄地关上了门
These glasses are cool.	这眼镜真酷
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.	昨天的董事会会议是一个大成功
Do you have enough money?	你的钱够吗
This is an old building.	这是幢老楼
The man finally confessed.	那个男人最终供认了他的罪行
You should've come earlier.	你应该早点来的
She died of stomach cancer.	她死于胃癌
Thank you for your invitation.	感谢您的邀请
Yes, I have student ID.	是的
I simply don't understand this.	这件事我实在不懂
He hadn't eaten in two days.	他已经两天没吃东西了
I don't know where Tom was going.	我不知道汤姆往哪去了
"When will you come back?" "It all depends on the weather."	“	你什么时候回来
We have space for two beds.	我们有两张床的空位置
She went over the list to see if her name was there.	她走过去看看她的名字是否在清单上
She doesn't know how to play golf.	她不知道怎么打高尔夫球
You're in better shape than I am.	你的体型比我的好
If for some reason they come early, please tell them to wait.	如果他们由于什么原因早到的话
Her hair grew back.	她的头发长回来了
I use Firefox.	我使用火狐浏览器
We use a lot of water every day.	我们每天用很多的水
The population of London is much greater than that of any other British city.	伦敦的人口远远多于其他英国城市的人口
Our house has three bedrooms.	我们家有三个卧室
As long as good people do nothing, evil will triumph.	只要好人袖手旁观
The dolphin and trainer communicated much better than we expected.	海豚和驯养员交流得比我们所期望的好得多
You have three minutes to surrender.	限你三分钟内投降
I like your car.	我喜欢您的车
I rented a house with a garage.	我租了一间有车库的房子
This is none of your business.	跟你没半毛钱关系
You should take up golf.	你应该开始从事高尔夫
I canceled my hotel reservation.	我取消了我旅馆的预订
Your tie looks good.	你的领带不错
I have to reduce my expenses this month.	我这个月要减少开支
He is a teacher.	他是老师
You're not satisfied, are you?	你并不满意
I think that our living together has influenced your habits.	我觉得我和你一起住影响了你生活的方式
Thanks anyway.	还是要说谢谢的
What time did you get up this morning?	你今天几点起的床
That was the first time that a man walked on the moon.	那是人类第一次在月球上行走
He is a bad driver.	他是个糟糕的司机
Scary, isn't it?	是不是吓人
Just let Tom speak.	就让汤姆说吧
He is not as intelligent as his older brother.	他不像他的兄长那样聪明
The number of traffic accidents seems to be on the increase.	交通事故的数量似乎在增长
Come again next week.	下周再来
His house is somewhere around here.	他家在这儿某处
The old man is blind in one eye.	这个老人一只眼看不见了
What's Tom given us?	汤姆给了我们什么
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.	婚前张开眼
Tom chewed on his pencil.	汤姆嚼铅笔
I'll be able to assist you.	我能协助你
You deserve the prize.	你应该得到这个奖金
Let's take a bus.	让我们搭公车吧
What's the round-trip fare?	往返票多少钱
She pretended to be a student.	她假装是学生
Could you tell me?	您会告诉我吗
You must make up for the loss.	你必须弥补损失
I can do that for Tom.	我可以为汤姆做
I watched TV this morning.	我今天早上看了电视
You are safe here with me.	你和我在这里很安全
Tom didn't know what Mary was talking about.	汤姆不知道玛丽在说甚么
It is easy to swim.	游泳很简单
They went to the station by car.	他们坐车去车站
You can delete that now.	你现在可以删除它
Your answer is right.	您的答案是正确的
The boys' bicycle is in the garage.	男孩们的脚踏车在车库里
Please pull over.	请把车停下来
I will teach you to play chess.	我会教你下棋
Pour melted butter over the popcorn.	将融化了的奶油倒入爆米花中
Nobody knows the truth.	没有人知道真相
She banged the table with her fist.	她用拳头拍了桌子
Bee stings can be very painful.	蜜蜂螫人可以是非常痛苦的
You have to turn in the reports on Monday.	星期一你必须缴交报告
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.	除了汤姆以外任何人都知道他没必要这么做
Tom probably knows someone who can teach us French.	汤姆应该知道有谁可以教我们法文
Tom carefully wiped his fingerprints off the knife.	汤姆小心翼翼地把刀子上的指纹擦掉
How long have you lived in Boston?	你在波士顿住了多久
How about going out tonight?	今晚出去怎么样
I'd like you to go there.	我希望你去那里
This question is very simple.	这个问题很简单
Can you really not swim?	你真的不会游泳吗
That's the answer.	那就是答案
Maybe I should just tell Tom the truth.	可能我就该告诉汤姆真相
The couple had a son.	这对夫妇生了个儿子
I almost drowned.	我差点被淹死
I've never lived on a farm, but both of my parents grew up on farms.	我从没有在农场住
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.	科学家们还不知道怎么治疗癌症
Tom is boring.	汤姆是个无聊的人
There were risks.	有风险
I know I did an awful thing.	我知道
That's so perfect.	那是完美的
Will you go out tomorrow?	你明天出去吗
Does Tom know you work here?	汤姆知道你在这里工作吗
He plays golf every weekend.	他每个周末打高尔夫球
She pushed him out the window.	她把他推出窗户
I didn't tell anyone what time I'd be arriving.	我没跟别人说过我什么时候会到
I will finish it by tomorrow afternoon.	明天下午之前我会把它完成
Tom told me he didn't win.	汤姆告诉我他没赢
The two of you have ruined my life.	你们两个误了我一生
I envy the friendship Tom and Mary have.	我羡慕
Tom went to Boston three years ago.	汤姆三年前去了波士顿
I can't distinguish him from his brother.	我分不清他和他的弟弟
We took strong measures to prevent it.	我们使用了强大的措施来预防
I'm coming home, Tom.	我在回家路上
What do you want to get Tom for Christmas?	你们想送汤姆什么圣诞礼物
Now where did I put the key?	现在
I hope that Tom has learned his lesson.	我希望汤姆已经吸取教训了
It's already time for us to go.	到我们该走的时候了
He'll wait for you.	他会等你
I miss my children.	我想念我的孩子
Hang on!	坚持
Everybody wants to sit beside her.	大家都想坐在她旁边
You're an idiot.	你是一个笨蛋
It wasn't you who told me about this.	这件事情不是你告诉我的
A bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain.	如果你把自行车留在雨中
Tom is sitting on the grass.	汤姆坐在草地上
Get real.	醒醒吧
Write it down before you forget it.	在你忘记之前把它写下来
I'm interested in Asian history.	我对亚洲的历史很感兴趣
I hope I'll see you again soon.	我希望我会很快再见到你
The ladies' room is on the third floor.	女厕所在三楼
This pamphlet is free of charge.	这本小册子是免费的
This book has many pictures.	这本书有很多图片
You made it.	你做到了
These shoes are hers.	这些鞋是她的
I'm feeling good this morning.	我今天早晨感觉良好
He got his meaning across to me.	他把他的意思对我讲清楚了
Are you free tonight?	您今晚有空吗
It was not very cold yesterday.	昨天不是很冷
I'm a stranger here myself. I'm afraid I can't help you.	我对这里不熟
I'm praying.	我在祈祷
That wasn't my intention.	那不是我的本意
No words can express her deep sorrow.	她的悲伤无法言喻
You should be a diplomat.	你应该做一个外交官
Skating is one of my hobbies.	溜冰是我的嗜好之一
I thought Tom would win.	我以为汤姆会赢
To put it bluntly, he's mistaken.	坦率地说
It'll cost about 10,000 yen.	它将花费大约
I don't know my father's annual income.	我不知到我爸的年收入是多少
He's my Mr. Right.	他是我的如意郎君
The boy has learned to read.	男孩学会了阅读
You live in my heart.	你住在我心里
Tom wouldn't dare show his face around here again.	汤姆不敢再到这里露面
He gave me whatever help I needed.	他给了我任何我需要的帮助
My brother is now in Australia.	我哥哥现在在澳洲
I'll help you escape.	我会帮你逃跑的
He shot at me.	他枪击了我
Tom continued his investigation.	汤姆继续他的调查
You don't have to take an examination.	你不需要考试
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America?	有没有一个国家比美国更提倡爱国主义
He weighs a lot more than before.	他比以前重得多
I am convinced that things will change for the better.	我深信事情会往更好的方向转变
I was a student at that time.	我当时是学生
Ask her when she comes back.	等她回来的时候问问她
I like your way of thinking.	我喜欢你思考的方法
It is just your imagination.	这只是你的想象
He explained the literal meaning of the sentence.	他解释了句子的字面意思
Do you have a points card?	您有会员卡吗
He studied hard.	他努力学习
I am very concerned about his health.	我很关心他的健康
I'd bought it the week before.	我一周前已经买了
The music was very loud.	那音乐声音十分响
Is this your car?	这是你的车吗
That job paid well.	这份工作工资很高
I must've mistyped the number.	我一定是打错号码了
Tom loves hockey.	汤姆喜欢曲棍球
It's your favorite song.	它是你最喜欢的歌
He should have bought a used car.	他应该买一辆二手车的
The old man gave the child shelter.	这位老人收容了这个孩子
It's a little cold today.	今天有点冷
One language is never enough.	一种语言是永远不够的
I need a bigger box.	我需要个更大的箱子
He got a better score than us.	他得到了比我们还高的分数
I know life is short.	我知道生命是短暂的
I made him carry the suitcase.	我要他提行李箱
How are you all?	大家好吗
I arrived in London.	我到达伦敦了
We ordered Chinese food.	我们点了中餐
We want candy.	我们想要糖
Who's going to believe you?	谁会相信你
Do you offer any all-day tours?	你提供任何全日游吗
He sent a card to Mary.	他送了一张卡片给玛丽
One of the students didn't come today.	其中一个学生今天没来
Everybody knew Tom was good at French.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
This chair is uncomfortable.	这个椅子坐着不舒服
Why didn't you do it?	你为什么没做
Are you making fun of me?	你在嘲笑我吗
Your name has been crossed off the list.	你的名字已经从名单删除了
Tom is more active.	汤姆更活跃
You're lucky to have such a good job.	你很幸运能有这么好的工作
The market is big.	市场很大
It's a very serious illness.	这是很严重的病
You look the way your father did thirty years ago.	你看上去就像是三十年前你父亲的样子
It is hard to see the sights of Tokyo in a few days.	要看东京的景物只花几天时间是很难的
Do you deliver on Sundays?	你们周日送货吗
He visited his uncle yesterday.	昨天他拜访了他的叔叔
It's almost six.	差不多六点了
This is the best pizza I've ever eaten.	这是我吃过的最好的比萨
Tom wrote the report all by himself.	汤姆全靠自己写报告
Will you excuse us for a moment?	你可以等我们一下吗
Tom doesn't know what he should do now.	汤姆不知道他现在应该做什么
Prince William is second in line to the English throne.	威廉王子是英国王位第二顺位继承人
Tell me Tom's email address.	告诉我汤姆的邮箱地址吧
You've overdone it.	你太过分了
The boss has already approved of our plans.	老板已经批准了我们的计划
I am not married.	我没有结婚
Don't be so pessimistic.	不要感觉那么悲观
Did you go out last night?	你昨天晚上出去了吗
Will you show me your passport, please?	能否请您给我看一下您的护照
There will be snow tomorrow.	明天会下雪喔
There's a bank in front of the station.	车站前有个银行
The board unanimously decided to appoint her as CEO.	董事会一致决定任命她为执行总裁
They fought for the sake of their country.	他们为祖国而战斗
What are you doing, Dad?	爸爸
It looks like an orange.	它看起来像橙子
The recent coffee shortage brought about many problems.	近来咖啡的短缺造成了许多问题
I'll give you anything that you want.	我会给你任何你想要的东西
Have you finished your work?	你完成你的工作了吗
Don't let her go out after dark.	天黑后不要让她出门
This sentence doesn't make sense.	这句话没意思
Mary and I plan to have two children.	Mary	和我计划生两个孩子
What do tigers eat?	老虎吃什么东西
You need to pay extra for the batteries.	电池要额外付钱
I see a book.	我看到一本书
Do you want to go to the station with me?	要不一起到车站去
I read a book last night.	我昨晚读书
Ultraviolet rays can cause skin cancer.	紫外线可导致皮肤癌
How heavy is your suitcase?	您的行李箱有多重
The airplane took off on time.	这班飞机准时起飞
Go get your helmet.	戴上你的安全帽
Scary movies will frighten the children.	恐怖片会吓到小孩
I'm not sure, but I think I know where to go.	我不确定
Your room is big.	你们的房间很大
I once wanted to be an astrophysicist.	我曾经想过当个太空物理学家
She had scarcely finished speaking when he cut in.	她几乎没有说完话
You should go.	你最好去
Everybody laughed.	大家笑了
In case of fire, dial 119.	遇到火灾打
Please forgive me.	请您原谅
He is a waiter in a seaside restaurant.	他是一家海滨餐厅的服务员
What nonsense are you talking now?	你胡说什么呢
Are they both the same?	他们都是一样的吗
You can't use this washing machine.	您不能使用这台洗衣机
Can you turn the TV down?	您能把电视开小声点吗
How can I get to the police station?	我怎么去警察局
That wasn't the main reason why Tom needed to do that.	这不是汤姆要做那件事的主要原因
He owes his success both to working hard and to good luck.	他的成功要归结于他的辛勤工作和好运气
I have no books to read.	我没书可读
Whether he comes or not, the result will be the same.	他来还是不来
The train's here.	这班火车已经到了
Please wash my back.	请帮我洗背
Who told you Tom broke his leg?	谁告诉你们汤姆把腿摔断的
So what if that's true?	那如果那是真的呢
This medicine will give you some relief.	这药会让你舒服些
He earned as much money as possible.	他能赚多少就赚多少
I should have left earlier.	我应该要早点出发的
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible.	她试著举起箱子
Whose ring is that?	那是谁的环
Don't underestimate me.	别低估我
Apart from some fruit, he hasn't eaten anything.	除了水果
He is not religious.	他不信教
We must not laugh at the poor.	我们不能嘲笑穷人
Do you wish to complain?	你想抱怨吗
She knit him a sweater.	她给他织了件毛衣
Chocolate has more iron than spinach.	巧克力的铁质含量比菠菜还要多
He forgot that he bought her a present.	他忘记给她买过一个礼物了
Will the fine weather keep up till tomorrow?	好天气能持续到明天吗
He's younger than me.	他比我年轻
It is hardly worth discussing.	这几乎不值得讨论
You're an angel.	你真是个天使
I don't know if I still have it.	我不知道我还有没有
Get in touch with your agent right away.	立刻联络你的经纪人
She waited for you for two hours.	她等了你两个小时
He appeared on TV last night.	他昨晚上电视了
Isn't that good enough?	那不够好吗
I remember seeing you last year.	我记得去年看过你
Sorry, I've got my hands full now.	对不起
Thank you very much for everything.	非常感谢你所做的一切
Everything comes to those who wait.	成功属于耐心等待的人
Cover your head when you are in the sun.	当你在阳光下的时候
We still don't know why.	我们仍然不知道为什么
I admit that I was careless.	我承认我大意了
I know all my neighbors.	我认识我所有的邻居
We met in a coffee shop near the campus.	我们在校园附近的咖啡厅碰面
School will start next Monday.	下周一开学
I had a lot of fun last weekend.	我上周末玩得很开心
Tom didn't like spinach when he was a child.	汤姆小时候不喜欢菠菜
Mathematics is an easy subject for me.	数学对我来说是一个容易的科目
Give it back.	还回去
There's no time to tell you everything you need to know.	没时间告诉你一切你需要知道的事情
It must be around here somewhere.	我想应该在这附近
What do you want me to do, Tom?	你想让我做甚么
Korean food is generally very spicy.	韩国菜一般都很辣
Were you looking at him?	你在看他吗
He was willing to work for others.	他愿意为别人工作
It's not your style.	不是你的风格
Even though Tom is wealthy, he's not happy.	即使汤姆很有钱
I'm not very good at drawing.	我不擅长画画
I know where she is.	我知道她在哪里
Come again any time.	随时再来
She looks like a teacher.	她看起来像老师
Have you ever seen Tom mad?	你有看见过汤姆生气的时候吗
The two sides hold talks this week.	双方本周举行会谈
You should read many books when you are young.	当你年轻的时候
That really whets my appetite.	那很开胃
They aren't afraid of death.	他们不怕死
Laura Ingalls grew up on the prairie.	劳拉英戈尔斯是在草原上长大的
The teacher got quite well again.	老师再次恢复健康了
We have to think about it.	我们必须考虑它
Is that a coyote?	那是丛林狼吗
He was brought up by his uncle.	他被他的叔叔抚养长大
I've never met him.	我从来没有见过他
He likes oranges.	他喜欢橙子
She doesn't like to sing sad songs.	她不喜欢唱悲伤的歌
Do you know anybody who's been to Australia?	你知道谁去过澳大利亚的吗
Could you tell me what my choices are?	你能告诉我我的选项是甚么吗
I didn't pass.	我没通过
I found this at the risk of my life.	我冒著生命危险找到了这个
It looks like Tom has a crush on Mary.	看来汤姆热恋着玛丽
When did Tom ask you to do that?	汤姆是甚么时候让你去做的
My laptop crashed.	我的笔记本电脑发生故障了
The meeting has been postponed until tomorrow.	会议已经被延迟到明天了
Every day I waited for her at the bookstore after school.	我每天放学后都在书店那里等她
I'd like to exchange this shirt that I bought yesterday.	我想去换我昨天买的这件衬衫
He asked me questions similar to those asked by many others.	他和许多其他人一样问了我同样的问题
We know our rights.	我们知道我们的权利
I don't accept it.	我不接受
The American flag has fifty stars.	美国国旗有五十颗星
I had my composition corrected by the teacher.	我把我的作文拿给老师订正
He sat next to the stream.	他坐在河边
I have absolute trust in you.	我绝对信任你
Do you want something to eat?	您想吃点什么吗
She asked him questions.	她问了他问题
Please choose one person.	请选择一个人
You must not jump to conclusions.	你不可以妄下结论
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.	说英语的时候不要怕犯错
Tom is coming next week.	汤姆下周会来
Tom was so drunk that he didn't even recognize me.	汤姆醉得连我都认不出来了
The senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee.	议员受到了议会道德委员会的谴责
I'd better get back home.	我回家比较好
Children really like playing on the beach.	孩子们非常喜欢在海滩上玩耍
Speaking English isn't easy.	说英语是不容易的
I really do want that.	我真的很想要它
That mountain is easy to climb.	那座山很容易爬
Please shuffle the cards carefully.	请仔细洗牌
We played poker the entire day.	我们用了一整天打扑克
That's my sole concern.	这是我唯一关心的
How many blankets are there on the bed?	床上有多少张毯子
They knocked down a part of the wall.	他们拆掉了一部分墙
We were astonished to hear what had happened.	我们听到所发生的事
Tom is a little drunk, isn't he?	汤姆是不是有点醉了
The contract is in the bag, so let's go out and celebrate.	合同已经到手了
Tom came home drunk from the party.	汤姆从派对上醉醺醺地回家了
I swear I didn't do anything.	我发誓我什么也没做
Tom got to the station in time to catch the train he wanted to catch.	汤姆及时赶到了车站搭上了他想搭的那列车
That medicine isn't going to help.	那药不会管用
That's thirty meters long.	那个长
I study at school.	我在学校读书
I have asked him.	我问过他
You should do that soon.	你应该很快那样做
I got my friends to help me.	我请我的朋友来帮助我
You're the smartest person I know.	你是我所知道的最聪明的人
What will you have?	你将拥有什么
I don't plan to stay very long.	我没有打算停留太久
They kissed each other.	他们亲吻了
Black suits you.	黑色很衬你
Would it be ethical to sacrifice one person to save many?	为了救许多人牺牲一个人是否道德
Did Tom win?	汤姆赢了吗
Tom will do that.	汤姆会做
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.	聚会上我和他谈得很愉快
He went to the United States to study medicine.	他去美国学医了
I was very relaxed.	我很放松
I think Tom can't win.	我认为汤姆不会赢
Tom smiled at Mary, and she smiled back.	汤姆对玛丽笑了笑
May I ask a few questions?	我能问一些问题吗
He is always with me.	他一直与我同在
He took a picture of the koala.	他为无尾熊拍照
Do you plan to eat all of that yourself?	你打算自己一人把它全部吃了吗
We are a family of five.	我家有
I think so, too.	我也是这么想的
Tom is very much alone.	汤姆非常孤单
Tom's bicycle was stolen yesterday.	汤姆的自行车昨天被偷了
His house is across the street.	他的房子在街对面
Don't speak unless you have something worth saying.	除非你有什么值得说的话要说
His brother goes to school by bus.	他哥哥搭公车去学校
I like this picture, not just because it's famous, but because it really is a masterpiece.	我喜欢这幅画
Why do you ask?	你问这个干什么
Both of them are in the room.	他们俩都在房间里
I think my French isn't very good.	我认为我的法语不太好
Did you have to get up very early this morning?	你今天必须起得很早吗
I don't know when he will come.	我不知道他什么时候会来
They're watching a movie.	他们在看一部电影
He complains all the time.	他总是在抱怨
Hang that picture on the wall.	把那幅画挂到墙上
The kidnapper told me he'd kill Tom if I didn't show up alone.	绑匪告诉我我如果不独自出现他就会把汤姆杀了
She's good at getting around rules.	她擅于逃避规则
Definitely!	必须的
She was obliged to marry the old man.	她不得不和这个老男人结婚
We have so many things left to do.	我们有许多未完成的事
Fresh food is wonderful.	新鲜的食物最棒了
This isn't difficult.	这个不难
I studied for one hour.	我读了一个小时的书
I'm really looking forward to it.	我很期待哦
Tell me.	告诉我
Where does your grandfather live?	你爷爷住在哪里
She decided to resign from her job.	她决定辞去她的工作
I wanted to thank you for what you did today.	我想为你今天所做的事感谢你
We don't have time to debate.	我们没有时间来辩论
Is it tasty?	好吃吗
I've been wanting to see you.	我一直想见你
Where are your things?	你的东西在哪里
Mary said she would do her homework.	玛丽说她会做她的功课
Tom clapped.	汤姆拍了手
I have a lot of regrets.	我觉得太遗憾了
I miss her so much.	我那么想念她
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.	比萨是种适合现在的生活方式的食物
I'm afraid you can't marry her.	我怕你没法跟她结婚
I'm content with my job.	我对我的工作感到满意
I am in the house.	我在家里
It isn't necessary for us to attend the meeting.	我们没有必要参加会议
We haven't finished eating the watermelon yet.	我们还没吃完这个西瓜
The thief ran away.	小偷跑了
Put your hands up!	把手举起来
A year has passed, but it's as if we saw each other only yesterday.	一年过去了
I wonder which way is the shortest.	我想知道哪一条路是最短的
I don't need your help.	我不需要你的帮助
I am going to play tennis tomorrow.	我明天会去打网球
Maybe we should talk.	大概我们需要交谈
Life would be impossible without the sun.	没有太阳就没有生命
Cities are exciting places, but also stressful.	城市是令人兴奋的地方
He graduated from Tokyo University.	他毕业于东京大学
He can read English easily.	他能轻松地读英语
Can you ride a horse?	您会骑马吗
The cough syrup has a licorice flavoring.	咳嗽糖浆有股甘草的味道
She was seen at a restaurant with her lover.	有人看见他和情人在饭店吃饭
In my room, there are no clocks.	我的房间里没有时钟
Do you live here?	你住这里吗
I've never been abroad before.	我以前从没去过国外
You could be right, I suppose.	我猜想你可能是对的
Here's your pudding.	这是你的布丁
My father is in his room.	我父亲在他的房间里
Will it rain tomorrow?	明天会下雨吗
My mother hates writing letters.	我妈妈讨厌写信
I know the man sitting over there.	我认识坐在那里的那个男人
I prefer walking to cycling.	我更愿意走路
She hopes to become a designer.	她希望成为一名设计师
Tom lost his balance and fell down.	汤姆失去了平衡摔落下来
Does Tom still want to go to Australia?	汤姆仍然想去澳大利亚吗
Do you really think I look like Tom?	你真的觉得我长得像汤姆吗
I have a daughter.	我有一个女儿
Industry was growing quickly.	工业发展迅速
He is the man you met the other day.	他是前几天和你见过面的那个人
You'd better hurry.	你最好快点
Am I overreacting?	我反应过度了吗
The girl brought me a red and a white rose.	女孩给了我一枝红玫瑰和一枝白玫瑰
This probably means war.	这很可能意味着战争
His memory never ceases to astonish me.	他的记忆力总让我吃惊
Don't move.	不要动
He often goes with her to watch movies.	他常和她一起去看电影
There are 30 students in our class.	我们班有三十名学生
Tom has Mary's address.	汤姆有玛丽的地址
Tom has already hired a new lawyer.	汤姆已经雇了新律师
Which road goes to city hall?	哪条路通往市政厅
Sometimes that happens.	那有时会发生
He doesn't know any of us.	他不认识我们中的任何一个
They're talking.	他们在说话
She is wearing a white dress today.	她今天穿著白色的衣服
Tom was bullied.	汤姆被欺负了
I was caught in a shower and got drenched to the skin.	我遇上了阵雨被淋得全身湿透
She spent a good deal of money on her vacation.	她休假期间花了一大笔钱
What time did your friend go home?	你朋友几点钟回家
I built this for you.	我为你建了这个
She translated it word for word.	她逐字地翻译它
I met an old woman.	我遇见了一位老妇人
My mother made us cheese sandwiches for lunch.	妈妈为我们做了乳酪三明治当午餐
She should have been more careful.	她本来应该更小心的
Tom is interested in math.	汤姆是对数学感兴趣
Rome was not built in a day.	冰冻三尺
May I go to the movies tonight?	我今晚可以去看电影吗
I'm so proud of my boys.	我为我的孩子们感到很骄傲
According to the radio, it will snow tomorrow.	据广播里讲
Where's the closest pharmacy?	最近的药房在哪里
I'm reformed.	我改过自新了
"Do you speak German?" "No, I don't."	"	你说德语吗
I don't have a dog.	我没有狗
She didn't tell me her secret.	她没有告诉我她的秘密
I need help.	我需要帮助
Tom is crying outside right now.	汤姆现在正在外面哭
Don't sign the contract in pencil.	别用铅笔签合同
Can he speak English?	他会讲英语吗
Where are you going?	你要去哪里
A ball is floating down the river.	一个球正顺流而下
You're lying, aren't you?	在撒谎吧
Tom is sure to succeed.	汤姆一定能成功
I don't know any of them.	他们中的任何一位我都不认识
I didn't study at all yesterday.	我昨天都没读书
Tom cut down the tree that was in front of his house.	汤姆砍了他门前的树
I take care of my grandfather.	我照顾我的爷爷
Tom began to talk.	汤姆开始说话
This is my sister.	这是我的妹妹
My father has five siblings.	我父亲有五个兄弟姐妹
Why didn't you do that?	你为什么没做
He towers above the rest of the class.	他在班上出类拔萃
We don't have any secrets.	我们没有秘密
He thought that it was like a bird cage.	他认为这像个鸟笼
Where's Tom's stuff?	汤姆的东西在哪里
You're really something.	你太能干了
We know it was you that killed Tom.	我们知道昰你杀了汤姆
When does that start?	什么时候开始
She's only a child.	她只是个孩子
I have a friend whose father is a famous novelist.	我有一位朋友
I'm going to major in French.	我将主修法文
Don't make me wait.	别让我等著
My business has at last gotten on the right track.	我的生意终于上了轨道
It's very simple.	这很简单
She was absorbed in the video.	她迷上了视频
I've just been to the post office.	我刚刚去了邮局
Please wait a moment.	请稍等一会
Tom didn't need to finish that work by today.	汤姆不必今天就完成那工作
You're apt to be forgetful.	你很健忘
Do you have a cellphone?	你有手机吗
I remember hearing that music somewhere.	我记得在哪儿听到过那首音乐
My father has been dead for ten years.	我爸爸去世有
Maybe you could draw me a picture.	你可以给我画张画
I can't let you give me your last ten dollars.	我不能让你把你最后的十美圆给我
You really are lucky, aren't you?	你真的很幸运
I'm not too smart.	我不太聪明
Mary reminds me of my mother.	玛丽让我想起我母亲
I managed to catch the last train.	我设法赶上了最后一班火车
He and his friend sat on the bench.	他和他朋友坐在长凳上
They have been here since 1989.	他们自
Who teaches you French?	谁教你们法语
He came to my house on the pretext of seeing me.	他打着见我的幌子来了我家
According to the weather forecast, it'll snow tomorrow.	天气预报说明天会下雪
I am an honest person.	我是个老实人
Tom and Mary went camping in the mountains.	汤姆和玛丽去山里露营
We haven't yet been told what we need to do.	还没人告诉我们要做甚么
That feels good.	那看来很好
He's American.	他是美国人
I'm not at all tired.	我根本不累
Tom looked around and realized he was lost.	汤姆环顾四周
Can I eat this?	我可以吃这个吗
I had nothing to do with that incident.	我跟那个事件没有什么关系
They became close friends.	他们成了密友
I've already finished reading this book.	我已经读完了这本书
Coal and natural gas are natural fuels.	煤和天然气是天然燃料
Can I stay here with you?	我可以和你一起呆在这里吗
This book is yours.	这本书是你的
She was accepted to Harvard.	她被哈佛大学录取了
I still prefer to write letters by hand.	我更喜欢用手写信
I can't think of any other way of getting him to accept our proposal.	我看不出有其他方法能让他接受我们的提议
In front of the train station there's a bank.	车站前有个银行
I'm sorry, could you say that again?	抱歉
The carrots cost three dollars.	胡萝卜要三美元
Can you give me a ride to the office on Wednesday?	周三你可以载我到办公室吗
Tom said that Mary should do that now.	汤姆说玛丽应该现在行动
Would you like something to drink?	你想喝点什么吗
Anyone may participate.	谁都可以参加
Tom is looking for someone to take Mary's place.	Tom	正在找其他人代替
The leaves fell.	叶子落了
Everything's changing.	一切都在变
You need a haircut.	你该去理发店了
We're having a party next Saturday.	我们下个星期六将举行派对
She tends to be late for school.	她往往会上学迟到
You seem to be prejudiced against ideas that come from foreign countries.	你似乎对来自国外的想法有偏见
You need to let me handle this.	你要让我来解决
I'm not picky. I'll eat anything.	我不挑剔
What do you want to be when you grow up?	你长大后想成为什么
I want to sleep.	真想睡过去啊
She can play the drum.	她会打鼓
My handwriting is illegible.	我的字迹难以辨别
She is absorbed in rock music.	她沉迷于摇滚乐
Pork doesn't agree with me.	猪肉不适合我
Tom wants to know if you have time to help him.	Tom	想知道你是否有时间帮助他
She went into her room to change her dress.	她进了她的房间换裙子
What do you think about this?	你对这件事有什么看法
It wasn't very hot last night.	昨晚不是很热
I don't want to hear any more excuses.	我不想再听到其他借口了
Jeans are now in fashion among girls.	现在女生穿牛仔裤很流行
There's no need for you to study.	你没有读书的必要
Do you take MasterCard?	可以用万事达信用卡吗
Do whatever you think is right.	做你认为正确的事
Tom told me that he won't come to school tomorrow.	汤姆告诉我他明天不来上学
The answer misses the point.	回答偏了
We're not afraid of any difficulties.	我们不畏惧任何困难
I had lost my pen.	我把我的钢笔弄丢了
I'm sure they'll win.	我相信他们会赢
The telephone is ringing.	电话正在响
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden.	斯德哥尔摩是瑞典的首都
He gathered his toys together.	他收起了他的玩具
His bicycle is blue.	他的自行车是蓝色的
Check Tom's pulse again.	再检查一下汤姆的脉搏
It is essentially a question of time.	它本质上是一个时间的问题
He showed me the manuscript of his new play.	他给我看了他最新剧的底稿
Japan has a high population density.	日本的人口密度很高
The workers are on strike.	工人罢工
He is a big eater.	他是个大胃王
How horrible!	真糟糕
I think we should lower the price.	我觉得我们得调低价格
That's a dumb question.	这是一个愚蠢的问题
Have you chosen a major yet?	你选好专业了吗
We're good friends.	我们是好朋友
I want to see this movie.	我想看这部电影
Let's not discuss it.	我们不要讨论它
No one came.	没有人来了
I should've paid closer attention.	我应该多加注意
I have no friends to play with.	我没有朋友一起玩
I don't like to go out when it's dark.	我天黑后不喜欢出门
The police arrested him for smuggling.	警察以走私为由逮捕了他
Which club do you belong to?	你属于哪个社团
Can we do it?	我们能做到吗
You've got something in your teeth.	牙齿卡了点东西
What will we be doing this time next week?	我们在下周的这个时候要做些什么呢
Are you planning to be at Tom and Mary's wedding?	你打算参加汤姆和玛丽的婚礼吗
She has a rose in her hand.	她手里拿着一朵玫瑰
Tom has blue eyes.	汤姆的眼睛是蓝色的
I don't agree with you.	我不同意你的看法
When you pose a question, you expect an answer.	当你提出一个问题
How's school?	学校怎么样
It seldom snows here in the winter.	这里的冬天很少下雪
Leave more space between the lines.	行与行之间多留些空间
Tom saw Mary crying.	汤姆看见玛丽在哭
Shouldn't you still be in bed?	你不该还在床上吗
Those were difficult times.	那是困难时期
I took a shower.	我洗了澡
There were no hats in that store that fit me.	那个店里没有合我尺寸的帽子
Deal us the cards.	发牌给我们
The nearest star to our solar system is Proxima Centauri.	离我们太阳系最近的恒星是比邻星
When would you like to see him?	你想要什么时候见他
Where in Australia did you grow up?	你在澳洲的哪里长大
Five gallons of regular, please.	请照平常一样五加仑
We have lots of catching up to do.	我们有很多事情要做
There are 50 members in the club.	这个俱乐部有
The fire broke out after the staff went home.	在全体职员回家后
Tom is still uncertain about whether to go to college or not.	汤姆还不清楚要不要上大学
I don't like early morning meetings.	我不喜欢在清晨开的会议
Everyone is talking about Tom.	每个人都在谈论汤姆
Have you ever written a blog?	你写过博客吗
He's my older brother.	他是我的哥哥
You ought to listen to your mother.	你该听妈妈的话
She didn't try to hide the truth.	她没有试图掩盖真相
The skin of a shark is much rougher than that of a tuna fish.	鲨鱼皮比金枪鱼皮粗糙多了
I don't go to school by bus.	我不乘公交去学校
The food's ready.	饭做好了
I was mistaken.	我想错了
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.	我穿著我的睡衣吃早餐
You have beautiful lips.	你的嘴唇很漂亮
This is only one of the things we found.	这只是我们发现的东西之一
Green suits you.	绿色适合你
You hate Tom, don't you?	你恨汤姆
My father has been to Australia twice.	我父亲曾经去过澳洲两次
What do you eat for breakfast?	你早餐吃什么
That's logical.	那符合逻辑
He's popular with the students.	他受到学生的欢迎
He's always at home on Mondays.	他星期一总是在家
They left one after another.	他们一个接着一个地离开了
The bottle is filled with water.	这个瓶子装满了水
The horse trotted down the road.	马在路上小跑着
We had a heated discussion about it.	我们激烈的讨论了这个问题
We must not break our promise.	我们不能违背我们的承诺
This old house is haunted.	这个老房子闹鬼
I understand.	我懂
I guess most of them went home.	我猜他们大多数回家了
It's cold.	天很冷
I think you've mistaken me for somebody else.	我想你将我认成别人了
It was a terrible day.	这是糟糕的一天
It's six o'clock already.	已经六点钟了
You're drinking out of my cup.	你正在把我杯子里的东西喝掉
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday.	我从昨天起没有吃任何东西
The swimmers were numb with cold.	游泳选手们冻僵了
Is it true that you built this house by yourself?	你真是自己造了这栋房子吗
Get me the newspaper.	去拿一下报纸
How long have you known her?	你认识她多久了
Tom worries a lot about money.	汤姆很担心钱的问题
It wasn't as expensive as I expected.	它没有我想像的那么贵
I've heard the French version of this song.	我听过这首歌的法语版
They'll try again.	他们会再尝试的
What are you girls doing?	你们这些姑娘在做甚么
My train left at 7 and arrived in New York at 10.	我乘的火车
She is good at playing tennis.	她擅长打网球
Could you show me this bag?	你能给我看看这个包吗
The wall is partly covered with ivy.	墙被常青藤覆盖了一部分
I have a lot of friends to help me.	我有很多朋友帮我
There's nobody in the building now.	现在楼里没人
What time is the next performance?	下一场表演在几点钟
I want a map.	我想要一张地图
Tom passed away on October 20th, 2013.	汤姆逝世于
She was a tall, thin girl with long, soft brown hair.	她是个又高又瘦
Once in a while, we should take a step back and think.	有时候
The bird was covered with white feathers.	鸟儿身上铺满了白色的羽毛
Tom looked at his notes.	汤姆看了看笔记
They tied the thief to the tree.	他们把小偷绑到了树上
There's nothing important in the paper.	报纸上没什么重要的东西
Do you think Tom is already retired?	你认为汤姆退休了吗
Will the train leave on time?	这班火车会准时出发吗
Tom doesn't even have a driver's license.	汤姆甚至没有驾驶证
I'd like you to keep this a secret.	我希望你对此保密
Please give me a cup of water.	请给我一杯水
One hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race.	150	个人参加了马拉松比赛
This could be fun.	这可能很好玩
My neighbor renovated her house completely.	我的邻居把她的屋子翻新了一遍
My parents usually speak to each other in French, even though my mother is a native English speaker.	我父母通常用法语对话
Mt. Fuji can be seen from here.	从这里可以看到富士山
You should've been more prudent.	你应该更小心的
Please come.	请来吧
Tom is such an idiot.	汤姆真是个大笨蛋
I don't smoke anymore.	我不会再抽烟了
Wild animals live in the forest.	野生动物住在森林里
Don't worry, I'll help you.	不要担心
A little learning is a dangerous thing.	一知半解很危险
Are you good at speaking French?	你法语说得好吗
See you again.	再见
I wrote down his phone number.	我记下了他的电话号码
Could I see you a minute, please?	让我看你一会儿好吗
Tom spoke about the problem with Mary.	汤姆跟玛丽说了这问题
Are you angry at Tom?	你在生汤姆的气吗
Tom was all worn out.	汤姆完全筋疲力尽了
He admitted his mistakes.	他承认了自己的错误
Because of heavy snow, the plane from Beijing arrived 20 minutes late.	由于下大雪
I'm hoping that that'll happen.	我希望那会发生
Tom sits at his computer eight hours a day.	Tom	每天在电脑前工作八小时
Are you planning on eating that all by yourself?	你打算自己一人把它全部吃了吗
My house is close to a bus stop.	我的房子靠近一个公车站牌
What are you doing?	你在做什么
I had her sweep my room.	我让她打扫了我的房间
Many schools are closed today because of the storm.	今天许多学校因为风暴停课
She covered the mouthpiece of the phone with her hand.	她用手捂住了电话的话筒
We want two taxis.	我们要两辆出租车
Tom has always been a bachelor.	汤姆一直都是单身汉
I just don't like it.	我就是不喜欢它
Ten minutes remained until the end of the lesson.	离下课还有十分钟
Yes, I have a good idea.	是的
That toy is made of wood.	这个玩具是用木头做的
What is the ultimate purpose of education?	教育的最终目的是什么
I'm not really prepared.	我没有真的准备好
I do not agree with you at all.	我完全不赞成你的意见
Today I'm feeling melancholic.	今天我很忧郁
Do I need surgery?	我需要做手术吗
Who is the author of this book?	这本书的作者是谁
Tom repaired his bicycle.	汤姆修好了他的自行车
He wants to go to Africa.	他想要去非洲
I am quite ignorant of their plan.	他们的计划我一无所知
When will your new store open?	你的新商店什么时候开张
I remember writing to her.	我记得给她写过信
The file is corrupt.	文件已损坏
You must finish this by 2:30.	你必须在两点半之前完成它
My best friend dances really well.	我最好的朋友舞跳得很好
Don't kid around.	别开玩笑了
Who were you talking with?	你和谁说话呢
I go to the library two or three times a week.	我一周去图书馆两
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.	亲吻一个抽烟的人就像在舔烟灰缸
Nature is full of mysteries.	自然充满了神秘
They're already here.	他们已经在这里了
Don't point at others.	不能用手指人
Tom is late as usual.	汤姆像往常一样来晚了
I can't take this pain anymore.	我不能再忍受这种痛苦了
We'll be late if we don't hurry.	再不快点就迟到了噢
Are you looking for work?	你在找工作吗
I would like to speak English fluently.	我想把英语说得很流利
This food is too salty.	这个食物太咸了
From what school did you graduate?	您是从哪个学校毕业的
Will you please let me go now?	可否请你现在让我走
He's a talented young director.	他是个富有才能的年轻导演
We help each other out.	我们互相帮忙
If you do it this way, you can save several hours.	这样做你能节约几个小时
She told him that she believed in astrology.	她告诉了他自己相信占星术
I want to go to Africa someday.	有一天我要去非洲
He pressured me.	他向我施压
She cried as she read the letter.	她一边读这封信一边哭
She introduced me to her brother.	她把我介绍给她的弟弟认识
I guess I'm never going to get married.	我想我会一辈子单身
You certainly play the piano well.	你一定钢琴弹得很好
What have I got to lose?	我要失去什么
You're quite right.	你是对的
My plan is to buy a car.	我打算买辆车
They won't hurt us.	他们不会伤害我们
You look pale today.	你今天看上去很苍白
I made efforts to improve my grades.	我努力地改善我的成绩
We don't need to attend that meeting.	我们不必参加那场会议
If you hurry, you will catch up with him.	如果你快一点
I agree with you to some extent.	我在一定程度上同意你的意见
Don't play in the street.	别在马路上玩
I'm looking for my pen.	我在找我的钢笔
This book was easy.	这本书很容易
Tom is drunk.	汤姆醉了
He had kept the secret to himself.	他保守著这个秘密
Do you like orange juice?	您喜欢橙汁吗
I make a point of being punctual.	我重视准时
How soon can we leave?	我们过多久才能离开
We have many rainy days in June.	六月下了很多天的雨
How far is it from the airport to the hotel?	从机场到旅馆多远
He is old enough to drive.	他年纪够大可以开车
Thanks for agreeing to come.	谢谢您答应到来
Please write to me about conditions at your school.	请写信告诉我你们学校的情况
Tom doesn't have any idea why his wife left him.	汤姆根本不明白为甚么他的妻子离开了他
The lake is deep here.	这个湖在这个地方很深
Tom is likely to win tomorrow.	汤姆明天可能要赢了
Better late than never.	迟到总比不到好
She plays tennis every day.	她每天都打网球
How many hours a day do you sleep?	你每天睡几个小时
He carried six boxes at a time.	他一次搬
Break it up!	停手
It rained hard yesterday morning.	昨天上午下大雨
The meeting ended earlier than usual.	会议比往常早结束
I'm serious.	我是认真的
Tom is in bed with the flu.	汤姆得了流感躺在床上
He complained about the noise.	他抱怨这个噪音
You can come in.	你可以进来
Has he met them today?	他今天见他们了吗
It's not necessary for us to attend this lecture.	我们没有必要出席这个讲座
You seem to ask Tom a lot of questions.	你看来问了汤姆很多问题
No comment.	无可奉告
Please tell me.	请告诉我
I played here last week.	我上星期在这里玩
The train came on time.	火车准时到了
I have not seen him for a long time.	我很久没见过他了
You must be joking.	你一定是开玩笑
Tom nearly died tonight.	汤姆昨晚差点死了
We did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time.	我们没指望过他在那么短的时间里完成工作
That kind of person will fail for sure.	这种人注定惨败
Would you care for something to drink?	你想喝点什么吗
He suddenly became very happy.	他突然变得非常开心
He sometimes makes dinner for us.	他有时煮晚饭给我们吃
The boy got in through the window.	这个男孩从窗户进去了
He doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.	他似乎不知道我父亲和我之间的纠葛
What Tom really wanted was enough money to buy Mary some flowers.	汤姆真正想要的是有足够的钱给玛丽买一些花
It's not my size.	这不是我的尺码
I'm chewing gum.	我嚼口香糖
I can't think of life without you.	我无法想像没有你的生活
Tom can't cross the border.	Tom	没办法穿过边界
The two men were business partners.	这两个男人是生意上的合作伙伴
You have no sense of direction.	你一点方向感都没有
Don't underestimate your own strength.	不要低估自己的实力
Prices depend on supply and demand.	价格取决于供给和需求
Which do you prefer, dogs or cats?	狗和猫你更喜欢哪一个
Silence gives consent.	沉默就意味着同意
Lightning is usually followed by thunder.	闪电常常伴随著雷鸣
I know where he comes from.	我知道他来自哪里
Do you really believe in ghosts?	你真的相信鬼吗
Shut the door, please.	请关门
How did you get out of your room?	你怎么从你的房间里出来
I need a friend.	我需要个朋友
You're mine.	你是我的
Could you please repeat what you just said?	您可以再重复一遍刚才说的话吗
Who took the money?	谁拿了钱
The show was wonderful, but the tickets were too expensive.	这场秀棒极了
Come here, all of you.	你们全都过来
I like that person.	我喜欢那个人
I like spring better than fall.	我喜欢春天胜过秋天
She freshened herself up before supper.	她在晚饭前把自己梳洗打扮了一下
He gave her a piece of advice.	他给了她一个忠告
I'm Tom's grandfather.	我是
How strange!	真奇怪
What do you usually do in your free time?	你在闲暇的时候一般做什么
I met her in London for the first time.	我第一次遇见她是在伦敦
Tom got very hungry.	汤姆很饿
When are you coming home?	你什么时候回家
The new medicine saved his life.	这个新药救了他的命
He could not forsake his friend in trouble.	他不会抛下落难的朋友不管
The sky became darker and darker.	天空变得越来越暗了
They got here yesterday.	他们昨天到这里的
Tom wanted to see me.	汤姆想见我
She left her son alone in the car.	她把她儿子独自留在了车里
I cannot put up with his arrogance.	我不能忍受他的傲慢
I'm not your mother.	我不是你们的妈妈
The ball is that boy's prized possession.	这个球是那个男孩的宝贝
I thought you were listening.	我以为你在听
Where is your house?	你家在哪里
I don't know anybody here.	我不认识这里的任何人
Is there anything else you can tell me?	你还能告诉我甚么
Are you a senior high school student?	你是个高中生吗
Is his story true?	他的故事是真的吗
I shouldn't have eaten the whole bag of potato chips.	我不该把一整包薯片都吃完的
What's your natural hair color?	你的头发自然发色是什么颜色
Welcome to your new home.	欢迎来到你的新家
I forgot to ask him.	我忘记问他了
Turn on the radio.	打开收音机
Tom waved his hand.	汤姆挥手了
There's still blood on the wall.	墙上还是有血
Tom can swim pretty well.	汤姆能游得很好
Tom looks pale.	汤姆看起来很苍白
Those two are arguing again.	他们俩又在吵架了
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive a car.	我母亲有驾照
I listen to the radio every night.	我每晚都听收音机
We went to Boston.	我们去了波士顿
I have more experience than Tom.	我比汤姆更有经验
When did you begin studying English?	你什么时候开始学英语的
I have no idea what I'm going to wear.	我不知道穿甚么好
What does your father do?	你父亲是做什么的
Is there a hospital nearby?	这附近有医院吗
Humor me.	你就随了我的意吧
The people were evacuated because of the flood.	人们因为洪水被疏散了
How about you?	您呢
Let's get to work on that problem.	我们研究这个问题吧
To make matters worse, he isn't even conscious of annoying his neighbors.	让事情更糟糕的是
Why aren't you married yet?	你为啥还不结婚
Let the bird fly away.	放飞鸟儿
He's gone to Nagoya on business.	他因公出差到名古屋
Come in, it's open.	进来
I was late for school this morning.	我今天早上上学迟到
Today is Saturday and tomorrow is Sunday.	今天是周六
This is a test.	这是一个测试
Do you like it?	你喜欢吗
Will you listen to me for a few minutes?	您愿意听我说几分钟话吗
She couldn't answer the question.	她无法回答这个问题
Whatever she says is true.	她说的每句话都是事实
I am not good at mathematics.	我的数学不好
I told you not to mention that in her presence.	我跟你说过她在的时候不要说这件事
Stop talking loudly.	停止大声说话
You have to obey the law.	你必须遵守法律
I saw tears in her eyes.	我在她的眼睛里看到泪水
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is telling the truth or not.	汤姆不知道玛丽说的是真话还是假话
My name doesn't appear on the list.	我的名字没有出现在名单上
An apple fell to the ground.	一个苹果落到了地上
What's your favorite iPad app?	你最喜欢的
Will you have time to have lunch with me?	你有时间跟我吃午饭吗
How do you spell your name?	你怎么拼你的名字的
What's your advice?	你有什么建议呢
Tom didn't think that anybody would recognize Mary.	汤姆不认为有人会认出玛丽
Yesterday I played soccer.	我昨天踢了足球
If I'd known the truth, I'd have told you.	如果我知道真相
Everybody will die.	人固有一死
Mary came on her own.	Mary	自己一个人来
Are you afraid?	你害怕吗
Please open the door.	请开门
You must put an end to this foolish behavior.	你该结束这种愚蠢的行为了
Tom doesn't like to wear a watch.	汤姆不喜欢戴手表
Your friendship means a lot to me.	你的友谊对我来说意义重大
He began to feel afraid.	他开始害怕了
I paid him the money.	我付了他钱
He has a large family.	他有一个大家庭
We talked about a variety of topics.	我们谈了各种话题
He is not interested in art at all.	他对艺术一点也不感兴趣
London is small compared to Tokyo.	和东京比
She got married in her teens.	她十几岁时就结婚了
She identified him as the murderer.	她确认他是杀人凶手
Everybody's here.	每个人都在这里
"What's in that box?" "Nothing."	“	盒子里有什么
There was little water in the well.	这口井里的水很少
Let's discuss the matter right now.	让我们马上讨论这个问题吧
Everybody is immune to smallpox nowadays.	现今每个人都对天花免疫了
Tom is clean.	汤姆是干净的
Did you have a good time?	你度过愉快的时光了吗
Tomorrow is my day off.	明天是我的休息日
Are you good at cooking?	你擅长烹饪吗
He described the incident in detail.	他详细地描述了事故状况
Is it difficult eating with chopsticks?	用筷子吃饭难吗
He participated in the debate.	他参加辩论
Tom is quite likely to be late.	汤姆很可能迟到
I can't get my tractor started.	我发动不了我的拖拉机
Who's going to believe that?	谁会信呢
Fish and red wine don't go together.	鱼和红酒不合
Close your eyes.	闭上你的眼睛
She's correct for sure.	她的确是正确的
Where do I pay for the gas?	我该在哪儿付煤气费
There's a book about dancing on the desk.	桌子上有一本关于舞蹈的书
Those tulips are beautiful.	那些郁金香很美丽
I like to drink natural mineral water.	我喜欢喝天然的矿泉水
We had a good conversation.	我们谈得不错
Tom stayed in Australia for three years.	汤姆在澳大利亚呆了三年
How many times have you seen this?	你看这看了多少次
He would not listen to my advice.	他不肯听我的劝告
Don't ever touch my things again.	不要再碰我的东西
He loves music.	他非常喜欢音乐
Indigenous Australians have eaten kangaroos for millennia.	澳大利亚土著已经吃了上千年袋鼠
She has beautiful handwriting.	她的笔迹很美
Tom helped us all.	汤姆帮了我们
I had a pleasant dream last night.	我昨晚作了一个好梦
Tom is a good person.	汤姆是个好人
This book is very thick.	这本书非常厚
My father will retire at the age of sixty.	我父亲六十岁就要退休了
There isn't a cloud in the sky.	天上没有一片云
I want a lot more.	我要多很多
Do you have a red pencil?	你有红色的铅笔吗
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.	因为这份工作的关系
Are you going to be in Boston this weekend?	你这周末在波士顿过吗
What is the matter with you?	你怎么了
Our refrigerator isn't working.	我们的冰箱坏了
He behaved like a madman.	他表现的像个疯子
Tom didn't go.	汤姆没走
I was already tired.	我已经累了
They live in peace.	他们过着和平的生活
I didn't know who Tom was at first.	我一开始不知道汤姆是谁
I'm in love with her.	我爱上她了
I'll buy this.	我要买这个
This school has many students.	这个学校有很多学生
You're safe.	你是安全的
There will be a math test tomorrow.	明天有一个数学测验
He isn't at home.	他不在家
I live in Boston, but I was born in Chicago.	我住在波士顿
Let me ask a stupid question.	我来问个有点傻的问题
I saw a horse pulling a cart.	我看见一匹马拉著一架马车
Brush your teeth before going to bed.	上床睡觉前要刷牙
Few people think so.	很少人这么认为
I forgot to bring my I.D. card.	我忘了带我的身份证
The school is on the hill.	学校在小丘上面
Tom likes cheese.	汤姆喜欢芝士
Just at that time, the bus stopped.	就在那时
The dog always barks at me.	狗总是对著我嚎叫
I think it's worth asking.	我觉得这值得一问
You should do that right away.	您应该马上做
Where are you planning to stay?	你打算在哪里留宿
Mary helped her mother cook.	玛丽帮她妈妈做饭
How dare you say that to me!	你怎么能这么对我说话
I couldn't stand looking at it.	我不能忍受就这样看著它
Tom is unsatisfied with the result.	汤姆对结果不满
We probably don't have enough time to finish doing that today.	我们应该不够时间在今天之内完成它
You stink.	你身上发臭了
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.	当我在你这个年纪时
Only a few people understood me.	只有一些人了解我
I want to go wherever you're going.	我想去你要去的地方
Who is your favorite TV star?	谁是你最喜爱的电视明星
She made a mess of the work.	她工作做得乱七八糟
Why did you marry Tom?	你为甚么跟汤姆结婚
You're the boss.	服了你了
Tom found a dead body on the beach.	汤姆在海边发现了具尸体
Which book is yours?	哪本书是你们的
He was not at all satisfied.	他完全不满意
They believe in a life after death.	他们相信来世
I don't often do that by myself.	我不经常自己去做
She refused my offer to help her.	她拒绝让我帮助她
You're sick. You have to rest.	你病了
There is a basket under the table.	桌子底下有一个篮子
I'm pretty sure Tom is the only one who can't do that.	我确信汤姆是唯一不会那么做的人
He seldom gives his wife presents.	他很少给他的妻子礼物
I had chicken pox when I was a kid.	我小时候发水痘
We're confident of victory.	我们有信心获胜
I am glad that you have succeeded.	我很高兴你们成功了
They gave us very little trouble.	他们几乎不给我们添麻烦
What'll you give Tom?	你要给汤姆什么
We'll be here for three more days.	我们还要在这里待三天
There are many people in the park.	公园里有很多人
Everything matters.	任何事情都是重要
I'm a man.	我是个男人
Don't play baseball here.	不要在这里打棒球
He congratulated me on my success.	他为我的成功恭贺我
Feel this.	来感受一下这个
He left Africa forever.	他永远地离开非洲了
Is there any mail for me today?	今天有给我的邮件吗
I know her very well.	我非常了解她
I usually get up at six.	我一般六点起床
Tom, be careful!	汤姆
See you tomorrow in the library.	明天图书馆见
If you can't make it, call us as soon as possible.	如果你做不到
I made several mistakes in the exam.	在这次考试中我犯了几个错误
They love that.	他们喜欢那个
Say no to drugs.	对毒品说不
I don't know what I'd do without you.	我不知道如果没了你我还能做什么
Say which you would like.	说你想要哪个
Tom has already gone to sleep.	汤姆已经睡了
We saw Tom talking to Mary.	我们看见汤姆跟玛丽说话
She looks as if she were drunk.	她看起来好像喝醉了
Have you cleaned your room yet?	你打扫你的房间了吗
What time does your class end?	您几点下课
I'm glad I could be of service.	能够出一份力太好了
Let me think for a minute.	让我想想
Russia is facing great financial difficulties.	俄罗斯面临着严重的财政困难
How much are a dozen eggs?	一打鸡蛋多少钱
They didn't like you.	他们不喜欢你
You're making progress.	你在进步
How frequently do you check your mail?	你多久看一次邮箱
I went camping with my family.	我和家人去露营
Can you tell silver and tin apart?	你能分辨银和锡吗
What souvenir do you think she would like most?	你觉得她最想要什么纪念品
A fire broke out at the inn where they were staying.	火警发生在他们住的旅馆
I'm in a desperate situation.	我处在绝境
What was that you just said?	你刚说了什么
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.	进教室时请脱下帽子
I am willing to take your offer.	我愿意接受你的报价
We have to come to some agreement.	我们要达成一些协定
Tom was crying.	汤姆当时在哭
For what purpose did he come here?	他来这里的目的是什么
Is this your notebook?	这是你的笔记本吗
I relaxed at home last Sunday.	我上个星期天在家里放轻松
He came home late last night.	他昨晚很晚回家
The bride looked very beautiful.	新娘看起来非常漂亮
Tom talked about his school.	汤姆谈了他的学校
I cannot speak Mandarin well.	我的中文说得不好
Is it true or did Tom make that story up?	这是事实还是
I'm afraid that there isn't any coffee left.	恐怕已经没有咖啡了
I got up at seven this morning.	我今天早上
I talked to her.	我跟她谈了话
You're looking tired.	你看起来很困了
She is a noted singer.	她是一个著名的歌手
You can rely on him.	你可以依靠他
I bought her a nice Christmas present.	我给她买了一个不错的圣诞礼物
Why is the sky blue?	为什么天是蓝的
Has the mailman already come?	邮差已经来过了吗
According to my calculation, she should be in India by now.	根据我的估计
It's not a dream at all.	它根本不是梦
You're doing it the wrong way.	你这样做是错的
I'm fine.	我很好
What does this key unlock?	这钥匙能打开什么
I think that Tom might not want to do that.	我认为汤姆可能不想那样做
The building has 20 floors.	大楼有
None of those books are useful.	这些书都没有用
The less you know, the better, OK?	你知道的越少越好
She's younger than him.	她比他年轻
I am a student.	我是学生
He went there ten years ago.	他十年前去了那里
Could you please repeat it once again?	请您再说一遍好吗
They don't seem to be Americans.	他们似乎不是美国人
Tom is so hot.	汤姆非常性感
Is this your bicycle?	这是你的自行车吗
The teacher gathered his students around him.	老师把他的学生们聚集在他周围
I'm sorry that I hurt you.	很抱歉我伤害了你
Tom might be a vegetarian.	汤姆可能是素食者
Please close the door.	请关上门
Oh please!	噢拜托了
He left in the blink of an eye.	他一转眼就跑了
I was glad to hear of your success.	我很高兴知道你成功了
Tom only wears a suit on special occasions.	汤姆只在特殊场合穿西装
I've never played golf.	我从没玩过高尔夫
You can't have your cake and eat it too.	既要马好
We found the boy fast asleep.	我们发现这个男孩睡得很沉
It was raining heavily when I got up this morning.	我今天早上起来的时候雨下得很大
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read it.	我会说中文
When will it begin?	什么时候开始
Got it?	知道了没有
You look tired.	你看起来很困了
I heard the children's happy voices.	我听到孩子们开心的声音
He made a speech in plain English.	他用浅显的英语演讲
You haven't asked me anything.	你什么都没问我
Who's the boy that's swimming over there?	在那边游泳的男孩是谁
I am not going anywhere on Sunday.	我周日哪里也不去
That's a nice car you're driving.	你开的那辆车很不错
She had a little money.	她有一点钱
The Cold War ended when the Soviet Union collapsed.	冷战以苏联解体结束
This is worth one million yen.	这值
She asked him to open the window.	她要求他打开窗户
Tell me more about Tom.	告诉我汤姆的情况
Tom's sick.	汤姆病了
Tom broke into Mary's hotel room.	汤姆闯进了玛丽的酒店房间
I'm afraid of spiders.	我怕蜘蛛
What're you writing?	你在写什么
Time is the most precious thing in the world.	时间是世界上最宝贵的东西
I expect your help.	我期待你的帮助
Maybe you should study harder next time.	你可能下回要更努力地学习
Some people eat sushi with their hands.	一些人用手吃寿司
Would you like to go abroad?	你想出国吗
He has a bath every morning.	他每天早上洗澡
This is the best restaurant in the city.	这是镇上最好的餐厅
It's because of you that we were late.	因为你我们才迟了
She was married to a rich man.	她嫁给了一个有钱的男人
Are you happy?	你快乐吗
I cannot speak Japanese.	我不说日语
Is there any salt left?	还有多余的盐吗
The bus will take time.	乘公交车费时
That's an interesting piece of information.	这是条有趣的信息
This lake is the deepest lake in Japan.	这片湖是日本最深的
The clock has stopped.	时钟已经停止了
There's always someone talking.	总是会有人说话
Sometimes the Allies could not avoid battle.	有时候盟军无法避免战争
Will you have another slice of pie?	你要再来一块馅饼吗
He had hoped to succeed, but he didn't.	他本希望可以成功
I have a headache.	我头痛
Can we go now, please?	请问我们现在能走吗
Why don't you do it?	你为什么不做
He got accustomed to the new way of living.	他适应了新的生活方式
Her oldest daughter got married.	她的大女儿结婚了
Happy is the man who is contented.	知足常乐
Who told you that Tom and I are dating?	谁告诉你我和汤姆在交往的
It was raining when we arrived.	我们到的时候正在下雨
I have a map.	我有一张地图
Speaking English is a lot of fun.	说英语很有趣
Tom expected this to happen.	汤姆预料这会发生
Go away before they see you here.	在他们看见你之前离开这儿
The policemen arrested the burglar.	警察逮捕了窃贼
Can I speak to the head nurse?	我能跟护士长说话吗
I got up while it was still dark.	我起来的时候天还是黑的呢
She stopped to smoke a cigarette.	她停下来抽了根烟
I have to get to the hospital.	我得去医院
He has a large family to support.	他有一大家子要养
I'm not so sure Tom is wrong.	我不太确定汤姆错了
I didn't think this was your seat.	我不认为这是你的座位
This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve.	这个问题让小学生解决太难了
What an idiot I am!	我真是个白痴
I want to meet your older sister.	我想认识你姐姐
I wholeheartedly agree.	我完全赞同
He was accused of murder.	他被控告杀人罪
I'm glad you could come to the party.	我很高兴你能来参加派对
No matter how much I think about it, I don't understand it.	无论怎么去想我都搞不清楚
Tom hopes you're able to attend his party.	汤姆希望你能参加他的派对
We were very sorry that we couldn't help them.	我们很遗憾无法帮助他们
Butter and cheese are made from milk.	奶油和乳酪是由牛奶做成的
You may be late for school.	您上学可能会迟到
I often go downtown on Sunday.	我星期天经常去市中心
I thought that Tom would win.	我以为汤姆会赢
Tom worries about making mistakes at work.	汤姆担心工作出错
This is the house where he lives.	这是他住的房子
After several delays, the plane finally left.	经过数次延迟之后
I'll explain it in detail next week.	我下周会详细说明的
Tom gave a different answer.	汤姆给出了不同的答案
Tom has been expecting Mary.	汤姆预计玛莉会来
He pushed the emergency button.	他按下了紧急按钮
I made a mistake.	我搞错了
Let me in.	让我进去
I'm a loser.	我是个输家
I can't focus on two things at the same time.	我不能同时注意两件事
He went to New York on business.	他去纽约出差了
A mile is about 1,600 meters.	一英里大约是
Where are my glasses?	我的眼镜在哪里
I'll wait a day or two.	我会等一两天
Tom wasn't injured.	汤姆没受伤
Why can't ostriches fly?	为什么鸵鸟不会飞
I do all the work.	工作都全由我做
Love is blind.	爱情是盲目的
I'm very happy.	我好高兴
You'll get lost.	你会迷路的
I prefer to remain seated.	我更想继续坐著
Your room is big.	您的房间很大
How much money do you want?	你要多少钱
Tom asked Mary some questions, but she refused to answer them.	汤姆问了玛丽一些问题
How long would it take to swim across the river?	游过这条河要多久
You're never satisfied with anything I do.	你对我做的任何事都不满意
This piano is really cheap.	这钢琴真便宜
It's hard to say what the weather will be like tomorrow.	很难说明天的天气将会怎样
She was almost hit by a car.	她几乎被车撞到
Where are the strawberries?	草莓在哪里
We played basketball yesterday.	我们昨天打篮球
I shouldn't have told you anything.	我本不该告诉您什么的
The food tasted slightly of garlic.	这个食物尝起来有一点大蒜味
I can talk about anything with my best friend.	我能跟我最好的朋友说任何事
My uncle gave his car to me.	我叔叔把他的车给我
How about a drink after the game?	比赛结束后喝一杯怎么样
Tennis is my favorite sport.	网球是我最喜欢的运动
I thought we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.	我以为我们发现了绝妙的藏身之处
What's the spelling of your family name?	你的姓怎么拼
I swear that I'll never do such a thing.	我发誓我不会做这种事
I think Tom is very cool.	我认为汤姆很酷
The dictionary comes in two volumes.	那本词典分为两卷
I'll give you a ride.	我会让你搭个便车
I'm as tall as you.	我跟你一样高
We were poor, but we were happy.	我们从前很穷
I love you.	我爱您
You're very brave, aren't you?	你很勇敢
They became friends in elementary school.	他们在小学时就是朋友了
They live on the other side of the road.	他们住在路对面
It's going to rain soon.	天快要下雨了
He was sleeping under the tree.	他在树下睡觉
I helped my mother in the kitchen.	我在厨房里帮妈妈
Tom has been gaining weight.	汤姆胖了
She spoke scarcely a word of English.	她几乎不说英语
Why didn't you follow my advice?	你为什么不听我的忠告
Tom's mother is a nurse at the hospital that's across the street from where Mary lives.	汤姆的妈妈是一名护士
My elbow still hurts.	我的手肘还在痛
Work harder if you plan to succeed.	如果你计划要成功
I'll never tell anyone where I've hidden the treasure.	我不会告诉任何人我藏宝的地方
I saw a group of foreigners on my way to school this morning.	今天早上在去学校的路上
Tom said he wasn't ready, but Mary said she was.	汤姆说他没准备好
It takes us a long time to master a foreign language.	精通一门外语需要很长时间
She went to the hospital yesterday.	她昨天去了医院
Stop resisting!	停止抵抗
"What time is it?" "It is ten-thirty."	"	几点了
There used to be a prison here.	这里以前有一座监狱
Will you all be here tomorrow?	明天你一整天都会在这里吗
You had better go to the dentist's.	你最好去看牙医
He crossed the street.	他穿过公路
The bus stop is across the street.	公车站牌就在街对面
That just doesn't make sense to me.	那只是对我来说没有意义
They all searched for the lost child.	他们都在寻找这个走失的孩子
It's hard to say.	难讲喔
Carelessness can lead to a serious accident.	粗心大意可能导致严重的事故
Everybody admired his courage.	每个人都佩服他的勇气
This is the best restaurant that I know.	这是我知道的最好的餐馆
Since I had a cold, I didn't go visit him.	我没有拜访他
It only costs $10.00!	只要十元
I work every day but Sunday.	除了星期天我每一天都工作
I know that everything I need is here.	我知道这里有我想要的一切
Please tell me about your problem.	请告诉我你的问题
Shut the door.	不要把门开着
Do you want to eat anything?	你想吃点东西吗
Come to my house whenever you like.	只要你喜欢
He did not answer the phone, so I sent him an email.	他没有接电话
I'm not always at home on Sundays.	我星期天并不总是在家
They went on an expedition to the Antarctic.	他们出发去南极探险
When was the last time you watered the garden?	你最后一次给花园浇水在什么时候
I have to change into my work clothes.	我得换工服了
Life begins when we realize who we really are.	当我们明白真正的自己时
For some reason the microphone didn't work earlier.	刚才我的麦克风没起作用
Did you see yesterday's eclipse?	你看了昨天的月蚀了吗
Do you know what I mean?	你知道我的意思吗
I am amazed at your audacity.	我对你的大胆感到很惊讶
Tom doesn't like this color.	汤姆不喜欢这种颜色
She's dieting.	她在节食中
I wonder what will happen.	我不知道会发生甚么
They are leaving Japan tomorrow.	明天他们将离开日本
You should always do your best.	你应该永远尽力而为
Is someone there?	那边有人吗
He's afraid that he might be late.	他担心他可能会迟到
People of your age often have this problem.	您这个年龄的人经常有这个问题
He received quite a few letters this morning.	今天早上他收到好多信
He lacks common sense.	他缺乏常识
Don't mix ammonia and bleach together.	别把氨水和漂白剂混在一起
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any money.	汤姆不想给玛丽一分钱
My brother's room is always a mess.	我弟弟的房间总是很乱
Why exactly did you need to do that?	你到底为什么要这么做
Are there any English magazines in this library?	这间图书馆有任何英语杂志吗
Yours is over there.	你的在那儿呢
Tom respects his elders.	Tom	尊敬他的长辈
She is what we call a bookworm.	她就是所谓的书虫
I've been wanting to see that movie for a long time.	我想看那电影想好久了
I'll finish it as quickly as I can.	我会尽快完成的
It's a crying shame that they weren't insured against fire.	这简直是太可惜了
I actually didn't say that.	我其实没那么说
Why are you still at school?	你为什么还在学校
All that I know is that he gave up the plan.	我所知道的是他放弃了这个计划
Tom is speaking French.	汤姆在说法语
Who were you talking to?	你跟谁说话呢
Tom ran and ran, until at last he saw the telephone booth.	汤姆跑啊跑
Tom is able to swim well.	汤姆游泳可以游得很好
Japan is in Asia.	日本在亚洲
When we are told not to come, we become all the more eager to go.	让我们别来
He makes three times more money than I do.	他赚的钱比我多三倍
Anything you say may be held against you in a court of law.	你所说的一切都将成为呈堂证供
I feel like taking a bath now.	我现在想洗澡
They work only during the day.	他们只在白天工作
My aunt made me a new skirt.	我婶婶做了一条新裙子给我
I don't know a thing about her.	我对她一无所知
"What should I do?" I said to myself.	“	我该做什么呢
The space race was an exciting time in history.	太空跑步是历史上激动人心的时刻
You're too suspicious about everything.	你对什么都太怀疑了
I am studying now.	我现在正在学习
The bridge will be completed by the end of this year.	大桥将在年底完工
Do you want anything to eat?	你想要吃任何东西吗
Tom doesn't like any kind of spicy food.	汤姆不喜欢任何辣的食物
Have you gotten used to living in the dorm?	你习惯在宿舍生活了吗
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.	该由你来决定我们去不去那儿
I created an archive of my emails.	我给自己的邮件做了一份档案
I wonder why he did that.	我不知道他为什么那样做
I think that Liszt's "Forgotten Waltz No.3" is a hidden masterpiece.	我觉得李斯特的
He didn't show up at the party.	他没有在派对上出现
Tom likes it hot.	汤姆喜欢热的
What's the name of this tune?	这首曲子叫什么名字
My camera is different from yours.	我的相机跟你的不同
I'm humble.	我是谦虚的
That student runs fast, doesn't he?	那个学生跑得很快
You don't look so good.	你看上去不太好
Let's order two bottles.	咱们点两瓶吧
She is a computer programmer.	她是程序员
Tom didn't attempt to reply.	汤姆不企图回应
Tom is a strange person.	汤姆是个怪人
That wasn't my intention.	这不是我的初衷
Are you nuts?	你不要命啦
You're not supposed to be here now.	你现在不应该在这里
May I have a road map, please?	请给我一张路线图
I saw Tom almost every day last week.	我上周几乎天天见到汤姆
I entered the room and shook hands with him.	我走进了房间与他握手
She turned eighty-one.	她八十一岁了
Are you allergic to any medicine?	你对任何药物过敏吗
I'm just kidding.	我开玩笑
Tom's answer was very evasive.	汤姆的回答很含糊不清
It seems we are in the same boat.	看起来我们是在一条船上
Who can do this work?	谁能做这件工作
In that case, let's go.	那么
I've found a place to live.	我找到了个住处
This is a great day.	真是美好的一天
He will be at home tomorrow.	他明天会在家
You've grown up.	你长大了
Please go to the bank.	请去银行
Why does no one believe me?	为什么没有人相信我
I phone him every day.	我每天都给他打电话
Why didn't you call me last night?	怎么你昨晚没有给我打电话
You may use my new car.	你可以使用我的新车
Mail this letter.	把这封信寄了
This is too big.	这个太大了
I don't think we should wait.	我认为我们不应该再等
Am I a good teacher?	我是一个好老师吗
Nothing is as important as peace.	没有什么和和平一样重要
Why do people commit suicide?	为什么人们会自杀
He was born on July 28th, 1888.	他出生于
You had better read a lot of books while you are young.	你最好在年轻的时候多读点书
Stay still.	别动
She walked around looking for him.	她走来走去地找他
This place has a mysterious atmosphere.	这个地方有一种神秘的气氛
So far, so good.	迄今
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.	不入虎穴
She helped me to clear snow away.	她帮我清除积雪
Tom knows many French songs.	汤姆知道许多法语歌
I was tired today so I went to bed early.	我今天累
Tom is intoxicated.	汤姆醉了
Do you think he did the job on his own?	你认为他是自己独立完成这份工的吗
She's practicing English so she can get a better job.	她练习英语以找更好的工作
He asked me if I knew her telephone number.	他问我
How is your work coming along?	你的工作进行得怎么样
I have a dictionary.	我有一个字典
It's not going to be long.	不会花很多时间的
What woke you up?	什么吵醒你了
Mary spoke Japanese slowly.	玛丽日语说得很慢
I can't stand the noise.	我不能忍受这个噪音
Don't pay any attention to Tom.	千万别理汤姆
Don't be a penny-pincher.	别当守财奴
Can I be of any service to you?	我能帮你什么忙吗
She took the entrance exam yesterday.	她昨天参加了入学考试
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll kiss you.	如果你买给我冰淇淋
You're not trying to trick me, are you?	你没打算耍我
The bread is not fresh.	面包不新鲜
You ought to tell Tom that you'll likely be late.	你应该告诉汤姆你可能会迟到
What do you think I've been doing?	你觉得我之前在做什么
I smell something here.	我在这里闻到了什么
Thank you for your advice.	谢谢你的建议
I hate being alone on Valentine's Day.	我讨厌在情人节一人独处
He likes to sing in the bathtub.	他喜欢在浴缸里唱歌
I didn't want this.	我不想要这个
Other than Sundays, I work every day.	除了星期天我每一天都工作
Good luck on the test!	祝考试好运
Tom is doing what he loves.	汤姆在做他喜欢做的事
The doctor advised him to do more exercise.	医生建议他多做运动
I got your letter yesterday.	我昨天收到了你的信
He said that it would probably rain.	他说很可能会下雨
You'd better check this out.	你最好检查一下这个
You don't know who I am.	您不知道我是谁
We're people.	我们是人
Cheers!	干杯
I can do it by myself.	我可以独自做
I'll never forget going to Hawaii with her.	我永远不会忘记那次跟她一起去夏威夷
Look at my new car.	看看我的新车
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed.	他给我们讲了一个有趣的故事
She is progressing in Chinese.	她中文有进步
Lend me your dictionary, please.	请把你的字典借给我
She may be cute, but I don't like her.	她倒很可爱
There's no membership fee for joining.	参加不用会员费
Tom doesn't seem to be a Canadian.	汤姆看来不是加拿大人
We have two kids.	我们有两个孩子
Her mother knocked on the door.	她的母亲敲门
Tom doesn't want anything to drink.	汤姆什么都不想喝
It's freezing.	天气好冷
Keep it.	留着吧
Tom said he'd think about my suggestion.	汤姆说他会考虑我的问题
I will see them next week.	我下周会去见他们
Will you explain the rule to me?	你能帮我说明一下规则吗
She showed me her album.	她给我看她的相簿
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother's love is.	直到我自己有了孩子我才明白了什么是母爱
Keep an eye on the bags.	把包包看好
Why did you cry?	你为什么哭
Do you know where Tom is waiting for us?	你知道汤姆在哪里等我们吗
Tom couldn't conceal his disappointment.	汤姆不能掩饰他的失望
Don't add too much salt.	别放太多盐
She called out to us for help.	她向我们大声求助
Where's the checkout counter?	结帐柜台在哪里
You're an excellent journalist.	你是个优秀的记者
We enjoyed watching the baseball game.	我们喜欢看棒球比赛
Tom doesn't like cheese.	汤姆不喜欢乳酪
It's up to you.	这就要看您了
They are leaving in three days, that is to say June 10th.	他们将在三天后离开
We forgive you.	我们原谅你
He makes friends with everybody he meets.	他跟所有他遇见的人交朋友
This is a kind of watermelon.	这是一种西瓜
I guess it was our bad luck.	我猜这是我们的运气坏
By the way, what's your address?	对了
Tom is always tired.	汤姆经常累
I can't remember.	我记不得了
Have a good weekend!	周末愉快
She wrote to her parents at least once a week.	他给父母写信至少一周一次
Where will the bus pick us up?	巴士会在哪里接我们
We've decided to remain silent.	我们决定要保持沉默
Speaking English is very difficult for me.	说英语对我来说很困难
All the guests were touched by her hospitality.	所有的客人都被她的好客感动了
We gather here once a week.	我们每周在这儿聚一次
She was elected chairman of the committee.	她当选为委员会主席
Don't miss the bus.	不要错过公车
Please tell me where to go next.	请告诉我下一步去哪里
Are you busy today?	你今天忙吗
Is he breathing?	他在呼吸吗
I had to work overtime yesterday.	我昨天必须加班
He was the strongest candidate for the position.	他是那个职位最有希望的候选人
Why don't you grow up?	你为什么长不大呢
I have so many clothes I don't know what to wear tomorrow.	我有那么多衣服
That wasn't too bad.	那不太坏
Tom is a man, and I'm a woman.	汤姆是男人
Mary doesn't usually wear jewelry.	玛丽通常不戴首饰
School begins at half past eight.	学校
Tom was in Boston last weekend.	汤姆上周末在波士顿
Tom bought this camera for a reasonable price.	Tom	用合理的价格买了相机
The park is filled with children.	公园里都是孩子
If I were invisible, I wouldn't have to wear anything.	若我是隐形的
Can I ask you some questions?	我能问你们一些问题吗
Nothing ever makes him angry.	没有什么事曾让他愤怒
I have a cold.	我感冒了
Tom is a fluent speaker of Japanese.	汤姆日语说得很流利
Let them have their fun.	让他们闹去
I'll miss you, too.	我也会想你的
It's not raining.	不在下雨
I hired someone today.	我今天雇了个人
These pants fit me well.	这些裤子我穿起来很合身
I need to go to the bathroom.	我要上厕所
He was an honest man.	他以前是个诚实的人
He was the first to come.	他是第一个来的
The children were flying kites.	孩子们在放风筝
I made the decision by myself.	我自己做了决定
I left it on the table.	我把它留在桌上了
We used to go skating every weekend.	过去我们每个周末都去溜冰
I'm proud of my son.	我为我儿子感到骄傲
The audience was largely made up of very young children.	大部分观众是年幼的儿童
I can't understand why he did that.	我不明白他为什么要做那种事
What Tom said wasn't true.	汤姆说的不是真的
She warned him not to go alone.	她警告了他不要一个人去
Tom has just remodeled his kitchen.	汤姆刚改建了他的厨房
Tom got angry at the children.	汤姆对孩子们生气
You always work hard.	你一直努力工作
Where am I?	这是什么地方
I suppose you like him.	我猜想您喜欢他
They will hold a meeting at 2 o'clock this afternoon.	他们今天下午
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.	摇篮里学的带到坟墓
Close the door when you leave.	出去的时候把门关上
I'm too excited to eat anything.	我兴奋得吃不下任何东西
Pass me the salt, please.	请给我盐
I don't know how to handle children.	我不知道如何对待孩子
It may occur at any moment.	它随时有可能发生
You can visit me whenever you want.	只要你喜欢
The ticket is good for three days.	这张票三日有效
Only six people came to the party.	只有六个人参加了派对
I'm very lonely.	我很寂寞
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give him money.	就算我富有
It will be fine this afternoon.	今天下午天气会很好
I might be a few minutes late.	我可能要迟到几分钟
Please fill this bottle with water.	请把这个瓶子装满水
Tom tried to convince Mary to knit him a scarf.	汤姆想说服玛丽给他织一条围巾
Tom was humble.	汤姆曾是谦逊的
We can rely on his judgement.	我们可以信赖他的判断
Let's wait until it stops raining.	我们等雨停吧
Have you found what you were looking for?	你找到你要找的东西了吗
This tea tastes good.	这茶味道不错
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.	他好心地把我送到医院
There are many birds in this forest.	这个森林里有很多小鸟
Come whenever you want.	什么时候想来就过来吧
It seems that I've lost my keys.	我好像丢了我的钥匙
I'm blessed with good health.	上帝赐予我健康的身体
I sometimes break the rules.	我有时候打破规矩
He advertised his house for sale.	他登广告出售他的房子
That's impossible.	这不可能
The clock is above the fireplace.	时钟在壁炉的上方
He acknowledged his faults.	他得知了他的错误
He was laughed at by his friends.	他被他的朋友嘲笑了
Please wrap it up.	请包起来
Tom isn't a fool.	汤姆不是白痴
I won't need any help.	我不需要任何帮助
That was what I thought, too.	我也是这么想的
I shouldn't have sold my house.	我不该把我的房子卖了的
Please hold on a moment.	请稍等一下
It's no longer snowing.	雪停了
We know this.	我们知道
The house isn't occupied now.	房子现在没被占住
There is a fence around the house.	这栋房子的周围有篱笆
Hide in the closet.	你藏进柜子里去
Let me help you with your luggage.	让我帮您提行李
He is my brother, not my father.	他是我哥哥
I'll gladly pay you anytime.	我随时乐意付钱给你
I was at home most of the day yesterday.	我昨天大部分时间在家
Do I have to take off my shoes here?	在这里我必须脱鞋吗
I always cry when I see this picture.	当我看到这张图片的时候总是哭
He is unsociable.	他太不合群
Tom doesn't like doing homework.	汤姆不喜欢做作业
Without you, I'm nothing.	没有你
You should follow the doctor's advice.	你应该遵照医生的忠告
Where can I get a taxi?	我在哪里可以搭到计程车
He is armed to the teeth.	他武装到牙齿
The people here are used to the cold.	这里的人习惯了寒冷
I saw her clean the room.	我看见了她打扫房间
I bet ten dollars on that horse.	我在那匹马下十美元的赌注
Please leave everything to me.	请把所有的东西留给我
I talked him out of the idea.	我说服他放弃了这个主意
Do you believe in God?	你相信上帝吗
Don't touch these.	不要碰这些
I want him to read this.	想让他读这个
What's done is done.	事已至此
I love her.	我爱她
Do you know how to open this box?	你知道如何打开这个箱子吗
Does anybody have a pencil?	有谁有铅笔吗
No one man could do it.	没有一个人能做到这一点
I invited them to the party.	我邀请了他们参加派对
I want to eat pizza tonight.	我今晚想吃些批萨
Tom's passport has expired.	汤姆的护照过期了
Who will look after your dog?	谁要照顾你的狗
That white dress looks good on you.	你穿那件白色的衣服很好看
What's the point in doing that?	那样做有什么用
Teachers also make mistakes.	老师也会犯错
I can't find my keys anywhere.	我到处都找不到我的钥匙
He's new in town.	他刚来这镇上
My computer's acting strange.	我的电脑好诡异
Tom is living in Boston now.	汤姆现在住在波士顿
We got together in the park.	我们在公园里聚在一起
That's my dictionary.	那是我的字典
The princess begged forgiveness from the emperor.	公主向皇帝请求饶恕
It's a sunflower.	那是一朵向日葵
Tom and I sat on a bench in the park and talked while we fed pigeons.	我和汤姆在公园的长椅上坐着
Everyone hoped that she would win.	每个人都希望她会获胜
We ate curry rice last night.	我们昨晚吃了咖哩饭
If it's fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.	如果明天天气好
He's the oldest son.	他是长子
I've never climbed Mt. Fuji.	我从来没有爬过富士山
Long time, no see.	好久不见
Do you believe there are ghosts?	你相信鬼存在吗
He is older than she is by three years.	他比她大三岁
Tom's French is already rather good.	汤姆的法语已经很好了
Who's the boss of this company?	这家公司的老板是谁
Do as you like.	你想怎么做就怎么做
I have no homework today.	我今天没有功课
Your plan requires a large amount of money.	你的计划需要一大笔钱
Tom said he didn't like his new job.	汤姆说他不喜欢他的新工作
Should we be worried?	我们应该要担心吗
Do you have a dictionary?	你有字典吗
The doorbell rang.	门铃儿响了
If it rains tomorrow, we'll stay at home.	如果明天下雨
What are you lingering for? Hurry up and go.	你磨蹭什么呀
More than 40 percent of the students go on to university.	40%	以上的学生去读大学
Please be quiet.	请安静
Tom is trying to figure out how to do that now.	汤姆现在正在想办法去做那件事
I want you to be prepared.	我想让你准备好
It's too hot.	太热了
Can I speak with the teacher?	我能和老师说话吗
Tom has gained weight.	汤姆胖了
Equality is guaranteed by the Constitution.	平等是由宪法保障的
Tom isn't here yet, but we expect him soon.	汤姆还不在这里
A glass of wine, please.	一杯葡萄酒
He lives just across the road.	他就住在马路对面
Tom had no idea why Mary didn't want to do that.	汤姆不知道玛丽为什么不去做
That is the office where he works.	那是他工作的办公室
I'd like to pay the check, please.	我想付帐
The little boy is afraid of the dark.	这小男孩怕黑
How much is this book?	这本书多少钱
Japan is a leader in the world's high-tech industry.	日本是世界高科技产业的领头人
Tom was the last one off the bus.	汤姆是最后下巴士车的人
Do you have a bicycle?	你有自行车吗
That's encouraging.	那真令人鼓舞
We owe you an apology.	我们欠你个道歉
Tom has high blood pressure.	汤姆有高血压
I met him at Tokyo Station.	我去东京站见他
Go straight home.	直接回家
There was a big earthquake last night.	昨晚有一场大地震
I think Tom has a crush on Mary.	我觉得汤姆爱上玛丽了
We have a really good cook.	我们有一位非常好的厨师
Do you really need to ask the question to know the answer?	你真的需要提问题来知道答案吗
Is this the first time you've seen this movie?	这是你第一次看这部电影吗
My job is to wash the dishes.	我的工作是洗盘子
I thought I told you to stay away from my computer.	我说过让你离我的电脑远一点的
My job is washing dishes.	我的工作是洗盘子
I'm a good person.	我是一个好人
She is making progress with her English.	她的英语正在进步中
Are you happy here?	你在这里高兴吗
You are irresistible.	你令人难以抗拒
We need money.	我们需要钱
My father retired at the age of 65.	我的父亲
The kitchen knife wasn't sharp enough to cut the meat, so I used my pocket knife.	这把菜刀不够锋利
She advised him on that matter.	她就那件事给他提出建议
I'm tired of homework.	我厌倦了功课
I was quite satisfied.	我真是满意
What did you do with my glasses?	你把我的眼镜怎么了
It's really hot here in the summer.	这里夏天非常热
Tom nodded approval.	汤姆点头同意
It's easy to see the fireworks from over there.	从那儿很容易就能看到焰火
My wife is cooking right now.	我妻子正在做饭
What kind of stone is this?	这是什么石头
We just don't have enough time.	我们没有足够的时间了
Where did you go that night?	那天晚上你在哪里
I have never fed my dog a banana.	我从没给我的狗喂过香蕉
It's safe to say so.	这么说是安全的
Almost everybody was invited.	几乎每个人都被邀请了
She can speak three languages.	她会讲三种语言
There is a castle in the background of the picture.	图片的背景是一座城堡
The dog is blind in one eye.	这只狗的一只眼睛瞎了
Do you need help carrying anything?	你需要帮忙拿东西吗
He is like his father.	他像他父亲
While I was reading, I fell asleep.	当我读书的时候
He was absent at roll call.	他在点名时缺席
Tom took this photo.	汤姆拍了这张照
He turned over the matter in his mind.	他在心里反复思量这件事
What are you crying for?	你为什么哭
Tom had never lied to me before.	汤姆以前从不向我说谎
I awoke to find it snowing.	当我醒来时
I need to get a stamp.	我需要一张邮票
I am interested in English.	我对英语感兴趣
Do you understand French?	你会法语
He was too old to swim.	他太老了
She took care of the children.	她照顾孩子们
Don't throw away this magazine.	不要丢掉这本杂志
Is this the first time that you've seen this movie?	这是你第一次看这部电影吗
I heard him go out.	我听到他出去了
Let's call it a day.	今天就到此为止吧
The universe is limitless.	宇宙浩瀚无边
Thank you just the same.	还是要说谢谢的
Let's get our photograph taken.	让我们来拍照吧
The university was founded by his father twenty years ago.	大学在
Stop talking and listen to me.	别说话
What is your name?	你的名字叫什么
You were the one who told me it was safe here.	你是告诉我这里很安全的人
I've never seen such a beautiful sunset.	我从没见过那么壮丽的日落景色
It's a very sad story.	这是一个非常悲伤的故事
Is everybody ready?	所有人都准备好了吗
His mother was a school teacher.	他的母亲是一名学校老师
She might know that we are here.	她或许知道我们在这儿
Aren't you supposed to be at school today?	你今天不是应该在学校的吗
It's much better to be woken by the birds than by an alarm.	被闹钟唤醒没有被鸟唤醒的好
Do not fear the unexpected, but be prepared for it.	不要害怕意外
How dare you speak like that!	你怎么敢这样说话
I think I'm coming down with a fever.	我觉得我有点要发烧了
Tom came in first.	汤姆第一个进来
She does not have a ticket.	她没有票
It'll be known sooner or later.	迟早会知道的
I need to go to the bathroom.	我要去厕所
Tom hid in the shed.	汤姆躲在棚里
Welcome to our home.	欢迎来到我们家
Are you busy on Sunday afternoon?	你周日下午忙吗
The talks will deal with the problem of pollution.	这场谈论即将对污染问题展开讨论
Carrots contain a lot of vitamin A.	胡萝卜中含有大量的维生素
I will ask him about it tomorrow, then.	那我明天会问他的
Tom loves you.	汤姆爱你
I don't like her.	我不喜欢她
Education begins at home.	教育从家庭开始
Tom never forgets to give his wife flowers on their wedding anniversary.	汤姆从没忘记在婚礼周年纪念日送给他妻子花
He was very busy all day.	他一整天都很忙
Politicians never tell us their inner thoughts.	政治家从来不告诉我们他们的别有用心
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.	我在你这个年纪的时候
Cut the potatoes.	把土豆切一下
Do you mind if I open the door?	你介意我开门吗
Your cake is delicious.	你的蛋糕很美味
I thought that we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.	我以为我们发现了绝妙的藏身之处
Please open the bottle.	请打开瓶子
Are there any other suggestions?	还有其他建议吗
I'm sure they can hear us.	我确定他们能听到我们说的话
What would you like to drink?	您想喝什么
It was very nice seeing you again.	非常高兴再次见到你
She will be glad if you go to see her in person.	如果你单独去看她
Don't release that prisoner.	别放了那个犯人
I hate studying.	我讨厌学习
Thank you very much for the wonderful dinner last night.	非常感谢您昨晚美妙的晚餐
If I were you, I'd want to know what Tom is doing right now.	如果我是你
Tom didn't tell me he didn't know how to swim.	汤姆没有告诉我他不会游泳
Do you think Tom was satisfied?	你认为汤姆满意了吗
Let's start right away.	我们立刻开始吧
She is at work right now.	她现在正在工作
To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit, every problem looks like a nail.	对工具箱里只有一把榔头的人来说
He wants affection.	他要爱
She told him she wanted a divorce.	她告诉他说
Father always has the tailor make his suits.	父亲总是让这位裁缝师为他做西装
It's obvious that he lied.	显然地他撒了谎
People call me Tom.	人家叫我汤姆
Tom has plenty of friends to help him.	汤姆有很多帮他的朋友
I can see Tom.	我看得见汤姆
This table takes up too much space.	这张桌子太占空间了
How is this plan?	这计划如何
What exactly happened to you?	你到底怎么回事嘛
I can't imagine my life without you.	我无法想像没有你的生活
I've got a terrible headache.	我头痛得厉害
Tom knows me.	Tom	认识我
It's true that she's dead.	她确实死了
Tom paid me back the money he owed me.	汤姆把欠我的钱还给我了
Nothing is as precious as love.	没有什么东西是跟爱一样珍贵的
Would you like anything to drink?	你想喝点什么吗
My New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the ocarina.	我新年的愿望是学会吹奥卡利纳埙
She was killed in an automobile accident.	她死于一场汽车车祸
Do you know how to use a computer?	您会使用计算机吗
I don't know about you, but I'm starving.	我不知道你怎么样
I went to the park last Sunday.	上个星期天我去了公园
He announced that he would come at once and investigate the matter.	他宣布他将立刻来调查此事
The picture is hanging on the wall.	画挂在墙上
Her nose is bleeding.	她在流鼻血
Where are you now?	你现在在哪里呢
Are you dating anybody?	你跟人约会过吗
Do you want to eat something?	你想吃点东西吗
I believe in ghosts.	我信鬼神之说
We are to be married next Sunday.	我们将于下周日结婚
You'll never be alone.	你们永远不会一个人的
Our wallets were stolen.	我们的钱包被偷了
Birch trees have white bark.	桦树有白树皮
We are bound to each other by a close friendship.	友谊紧紧联系着我们
Why can't Tom come to us?	为甚么汤姆不能来我们这里
I didn't suspect anything.	我没有怀疑任何事
Beware of thieves.	注意小偷
She bought two pounds of butter.	她买了两磅的奶油
It's not a suitable topic for discussion.	它不是一个适合讨论的主题
I'll come to pick it up later.	我晚点再来拿
Tom was fired in October.	汤姆在十月被解雇了
Waiter, please bring me some water.	服务生
You seem to be waiting for somebody.	你看来在等人
I will not do it again.	不会再有下次了
He asked me what I had bought.	他问我买了什么
Recently I moved to another apartment.	最近我搬到另一栋公寓
That's mine.	那是我的
An aging population will require more spending on health care.	老龄化的人口需要更多医疗保健支出
He made his son a wealthy man.	他使他儿子成了个有钱人
Tom isn't a good worker.	汤姆不是个好工人
Tom wants to learn to sing in French.	汤姆想学唱法语歌
I had some trouble in finding his house.	我很难找到他的房子
I had difficulty working out the problem.	我在解决这个问题上有困难
I cannot distinguish a frog from a toad.	我无法区分青蛙和蟾蜍
Tom is thirty.	汤姆今年三十岁
They don't talk to us anymore.	他们不再跟我们谈了
All at once, I heard a cry.	突然
You don't need to do it right away.	你没必要马上去做
I have to find a part-time job.	我必须找一份兼职工作
Did anybody ask you to come here?	有人叫你来这吗
I go to church on Sundays.	周日我去做礼拜
Don't do anything you'll regret.	不要做任何会让你后悔的事
If I had the money, I'd buy a new house.	如果我有钱
I wish to go to Hawaii.	我希望去夏威夷
Read as much as possible.	尽可能地多阅读书籍
Do you like strawberries?	你喜欢草莓吗
It's cool today.	今天很凉快
I'm glad you guys are here.	我很高兴你们都在
Would you mind lending me your pen?	你介意借我你的笔吗
There's no use crying over spilt milk.	为打翻的牛奶而哭泣是没用的
Scotland is famous for its woollen textiles.	苏格兰以其羊毛纺织品而著名
I just can't believe it.	我真是不能相信
According to the guidebook, this is the best restaurant around here.	根据指南
Did anyone call me while I was out?	我出去的时候有人打我电话吗
Throughout the five years of painful cancer treatments, he managed to keep a stiff upper lip.	这五年痛苦的癌症治疗他终于坚持下来了
What's your favorite type of pizza?	你最喜欢的比萨类型是甚么
I decided not to study French.	我决定不学法语
A wise leader knows when to listen to others.	聪明的领袖知道什么时候听取他人意见
Tom has a girlfriend in Boston.	Tom	有个在波士顿的女友
I use Firefox.	我使用火狐
I'm going to lose.	我要输了
Do you have your student ID card?	你有学生证吗
Come over to my house.	来我家吧
Please show me another one.	请给我看看其他的
It's OK.	没关系
You're the enemy.	你是敌人
What's your telephone number?	你电话号码是多少
My father is far from artistic.	我父亲一点也不懂艺术
There are many hotels downtown.	市中心有很多旅馆
Good night.	晚安
The Rhine runs between France and Germany.	莱茵河流经法国和德国国界
Tom got drunk yesterday.	汤姆昨天喝醉了
He lost his way in the woods.	他在森林中迷了路
He's going to have a heart attack.	他的心脏病要发作了
I have a frog in my throat.	我的喉咙里有一只青蛙
The train for Birmingham leaves from platform 3.	去伯明翰的火车从
This is their house.	这是他们家
Never be afraid of making mistakes.	不要害怕犯错
I remember giving him the key.	我记得给了他钥匙
I play the guitar after dinner.	我晚饭后弹吉他
Let's not waste time arguing about it.	我们别再浪费时间争论了
How long would it take?	要多长时间
Tom said he thought that would probably never happen.	汤姆说他觉得那可能永远不会发生了
The project is ongoing.	该项目正在进行中
I've decided to tell Tom about what happened.	我决定告诉汤姆发生了什么事情
That's weird.	奇怪
Where do you watch television?	您在哪儿看电视
I'm reading a book about animals.	我正在读一本关于动物的书
She lived up to our expectations.	她没有辜负我们的期望
Tom built his own motorcycle.	汤姆造了他自己的摩托车
Tell me when to start.	告诉我什么时候开始
I'm completely exhausted.	我完全地筋疲力尽了
Do you feel tired?	你累了吗
He was late for school yesterday.	他昨天上学迟到了
I played tennis after school.	放学后我打了网球
He had no idea why his wife left him.	他不知道为什么他的妻子要离开他
The dog is white.	这只狗是白色的
I thought Tom and Mary were crazy.	我本以为汤姆和玛丽疯了呢
She wore a beautiful dress.	她穿著漂亮的洋装
We knew no one.	我们不认识任何人
Foreigners are interesting, aren't they?	外国人真有意思
Why would she lie?	她为甚么要说谎
I go to school by subway.	我坐地铁上学
I'm afraid he will never admit his guilt.	恐怕他永远也不会承认自己的罪行
My car's not red. It's blue.	我的汽车不是红色的
What goes up must come down.	有起必有落
Do you believe in eternal life after death?	你相信死后永生吗
Please don't get me wrong.	千万别误会我的意思
We ran short of money.	我们缺钱了
He runs a supermarket in the town.	他在这个镇上经营一家超级市场
Were you in Boston last summer?	你上个夏季在波士顿吗
This is the house where he lived.	这是他住的房子
Help me peel the potatoes.	帮我削一下土豆
Remember to cross your t's.	记得在字母
You have a good sense of humor.	你很有幽默感
Can she endure a long trip?	她能忍受长途旅行吗
It is no use arguing with him about it.	和他争论这件事得不出结果
No one voted against it.	没有人投反对票
Has he arrived yet?	他到了吗
I get what you're saying.	我理解你说的话
Is this the key you are looking for?	这是你找的钥匙吗
I don't feel like watching TV.	我不高兴看电视
Lunch is ready.	午餐好了
That child resembles his father.	那孩子和他父亲很像
I don't have a car, but my sister does.	我没有车
No, I don't have a girlfriend.	没有
Tom doesn't look like his father at all.	汤姆和他的父亲长得一点也不像
She told me an interesting story.	她给我讲了一个有趣的故事
Where am I?	我在哪里
The policeman told me that the last bus leaves at ten.	警察告诉我巴士的末班车在十点出发
Tom admitted killing Mary.	汤姆承认他杀死了玛丽
I arrived two weeks ago.	我在两周前到了
Can I try on this jacket?	我可以试穿这件外套吗
Take mine.	拿我的
Pride goes before a fall.	骄傲使人落后
What's done can't be undone.	覆水难收
The average height of girls in this class is over 155 centimeters.	这个班的女生平均身高超过了
There was nothing on the radio about the accident.	电台没有提到这个事故
He took out his passport.	他拿出了他的护照
These paintings are beautiful.	这些画很美
I can't afford it.	我负担不起
Can you whistle?	你会吹口哨吗
He wouldn't look at my proposal.	他对我的提议不屑一顾
Tom has lost his keys.	汤姆遗失了他的钥匙
God created the heaven and the earth.	上帝创造了天地
Tom said that Mary wasn't injured.	汤姆说玛丽没有受伤
I don't smoke.	我不抽烟
She'll cry even when no one is looking.	没人盯着她的时候
Where're you going?	你们去哪里
Tom and Mary both know who you are.	汤姆和玛丽都知道你是谁
How long has it been since you saw your girlfriend?	你跟你的女朋友见面以来有多久了
Did you drink tea yesterday?	你昨天喝茶了吗
I can wait for you.	我可以等你
I really enjoyed myself tonight.	今晚我玩得很开心
I work for an oil company.	我为一家石油公司工作
I'll lend you my notebook.	我会借给你我的笔记本
More than twenty boys went there.	超过二十个男孩去了那里
What's the point in doing that?	干嘛那么麻烦
He walks slowly.	他慢慢地走
I love going to the movies.	我喜欢看电影
Would you like bacon or sausage?	你要培根还是要香肠
I don't like rock music.	我不喜欢摇滚乐
I've just started playing tennis.	我刚开始打网球
I don't trust businessmen.	我不相信商人
Don't call me anymore.	别再给我打电话
"How do you feel?" he asked.	“	你感觉怎么样
Tom doesn't know how to have fun.	汤姆不知道怎样玩得开心
Tom is a little worried.	汤姆有点担心
He cannot afford to buy a car, much less a house.	他买不起一辆汽车
The television doesn't work.	电视机坏了
Where is Tom?	汤姆在哪儿
It will be spring soon.	春天快来了
I'd like to have another cup of coffee.	我想再要一杯咖啡
I'm shy.	我很害羞
Bush followed Reagan as president.	布什继里根之后当上了总统
I am hers and she is mine.	我是她的
I'm your father.	我是你爸爸
My parents are divorced.	我父母离婚了
She was not in the mood for lunch.	她不想吃午饭
I advise you to change clothes.	我建议你换衣服
Don't get an upset stomach by eating too much.	不要因为吃得太多而扰乱胃的正常消化
It's been raining since morning.	雨从早上一直下到现在
Tom is still sitting in the waiting room.	汤姆还在等候室里坐着
The dog is dead.	这条狗死了
Tom put down his pencil.	汤姆放下他的铅笔
I've just finished breakfast.	我刚吃完了早饭
Tom is going to paint the fence tomorrow.	Tom	明天将漆栅栏
The admission is ten dollars a person.	入会费一个人十美元
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.	我不像你想的那么傻
He hasn't written the letter yet.	他还没写信
What would you say to Tom?	你要对汤姆说些什么
The death penalty had been done away with in many states in the USA.	死刑在美国的很多州都被废除了
Try to keep from crying.	试著不要哭
My home is your home.	我家就是你家
You must think I'm stupid.	你肯定认为我傻
The poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.	可怜的人民任凭残暴的独裁者处置
Are you implying something?	你是不是想暗示什么
How much will it be?	多少钱
Are you sure Tom is in Australia now?	你确定汤姆现在在澳洲吗
That's a strange question.	真是奇怪的问题
The blue lines on the map represent rivers.	地图上的蓝线代表河流
The train has pulled in.	这班火车已经到了
Do you know how the accident happened?	你知道这个意外是如何发生的吗
What do you want now?	你现在想要什么
You can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude.	抱著失败主义的态度你无法打一场漂亮的仗
Physics is my favorite subject.	物理是我最喜欢的科目
Don't keep me waiting.	别让我等著
I'm not jealous.	我不嫉妒
Have some more.	你该多吃点
Tom, what would you like to have for dinner?	汤姆
You'd better stay in bed for a few days.	这几天你最好还是别下床
She felt insecure about her future.	她对她的未来感到没有安全感
It's not a road, but a path.	它不是一条路
Is there a post office near here?	这附近有邮局吗
I did it the way he told me to.	我照他说的做了
He has a long neck.	他的脖子很长
Don't expect miracles.	别期盼奇迹
It is an endangered species.	这是一个濒临灭绝的物种
My shoulder really aches.	我的肩膀很酸
Tom was a real hero.	汤姆是个真英雄
It was one of the best nights I've had.	这是我度过的最好的夜晚之一
Tom gave Mary a kiss on both cheeks.	汤姆亲吻了玛丽的两颊
Do you think I'm stupid?	你认为我傻吗
You can stay as long as you like.	你想要待多久就待多久
What do you want to tell me?	您想告诉我什么
I agree.	我同意
It's convenient for me to see you at ten tonight.	我今晚
See you around.	再见
I just wanted to check my email.	我只想查一下我的电子邮件
I grew up near a river.	我在一条河的附近长大
Life goes on.	人生会继续
Do you believe what he said?	你相信他说的话吗
That's a good question.	那是一个很好的问题
It won't take so long.	它不会花很长的时间
Have you seen all these movies?	你把电影全看了吗
Please come back as soon as possible.	请尽快回来
How did you enjoy the party?	你在派对上玩得开心吗
I didn't recognize him at first.	起初我没认出他来
Please don't tell your parents this.	请不要告诉你父母
I'll pay.	我来付钱
How is your wife?	你太太怎么样
I'll bring you the bill immediately.	我马上把帐单拿给您
"Where is your book?" "On the desk."	「	你的书在哪
Please wish me luck.	请祝我好运
I have nothing to do with the affair.	我跟这件事无关
My brother is not as tall as I was two years ago.	我弟弟没我两年前高
This desk is designed for children.	这张书桌是专门为儿童设计的
Where are Tom's things?	汤姆的东西在哪里
Did the police ever question you?	警察盘问你了吗
In case of fire, break the glass and push the red button.	万一发生火灾
Tom has visited Boston.	汤姆去过波士顿
She spoke through an interpreter.	她透过传译员发言
Do you drink green tea?	您喝绿茶吗
Tom wished he hadn't won.	汤姆希望他没有赢
They obeyed orders.	他们服从了命令
He had decided on a new policy.	他已经决定了新的政策
Did you show it to your parents?	你给你父母看了吗
He had to clean his room.	他不得不打扫了他的房间
Few Japanese can use English well.	极少数的日本人可以很好地使用英语
We work together.	我们一起工作
Were you able to do everything you wanted to get done?	你是不是有能力做到你想要完成的所有事情呢
This time it's different.	这次不一样
Tom told me that his father had passed away.	汤姆告诉我他父亲去世了
I suggested that she go alone.	我建议她一个人去
It looks like you need help.	看来你需要帮助
Tom got into trouble because of Mary.	汤姆因为玛丽陷入了麻烦
She is as tall as you.	她跟你一样高
Tom doesn't even know how to fry an egg.	汤姆甚至连怎么煎鸡蛋都不知道
Finish your work.	完成你的工作
Excuse me, what are you doing?	请问
How many books are on the shelf?	柜子上有几本书
I worked in a post office during the summer vacation.	暑假期间
Tom is no dummy.	汤姆不是白痴
It is inconceivable to me that he would do such a thing.	我不能想象他会做这种事
Birds build nests.	鸟儿筑巢
Tom has apparently done that already.	很明显
He compared his car to the new model.	他拿他的车和新款车作比较
Ask him where he parked his car.	问他把他自己的车停在哪里了
It's still too early to talk about this now.	现在谈这件事还为时过早
Is your family doing well?	你的家人好么
We'll be ready in time.	我们会及时准备好
Let's drive to the lake.	让我们开车到湖边
He left high school at seventeen.	他十七岁的时候离开了高中
I want to breathe some fresh air.	我想呼吸一下新鲜空气
Let me have a look.	让我看看
That's a good plan.	那是一个很好的计划
I tried to smile.	我试著微笑
I arrived at the village before dark.	我天黑之前到达了村庄
I'm ashamed of myself.	我对我自己感到惭愧
I have a sore throat.	我喉咙痛
How can Tom not understand that?	汤姆怎么能不懂
Do you know how to drive?	您会开车吗
He said, "It's nine o'clock."	他说
We're Canadians.	我们是加拿大人
I don't think this rain will let up anytime soon.	我看这雨还会下一阵子
Pull up your stockings.	把你的丝袜拉上去
She was afraid to travel alone.	她怕独自旅行
Will you pass me the salt?	请你把盐递给我好吗
Tom has a heart condition.	汤姆有心脏病
There is an apple on the table.	桌上有个苹果
I want to eat something that isn't sweet.	我想吃点不甜的东西
Have you finished your homework?	你做完作业了吗
I'm getting old.	我在变老
He's rich, but he's not happy.	他很有钱
I feel like crying.	我想哭
No less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work.	这个工作需要不低于
I'll be back tomorrow.	我明天回来
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my book.	我什么地方都找过了
Thank you for your hard work.	感谢你的劳碌
She opened the letter quickly.	她很快地打开了信
Tom has to stay behind.	汤姆必须留下
The boy went to bed with his socks on.	男孩穿着袜子就上床睡觉了
I'd like to change my reservation.	我想更改我的预订
I hope I make a good first impression.	我希望我能留下个好的第一印象
You can't live like this.	你不能这样活
I'll try not to disturb you while you're studying.	我会尽量不打扰你复习
Please come whenever you like.	请你想什么时候来都可以
She has no sense of beauty.	她没有审美感
The typhoon caused the river to flood.	台风造成了河水泛滥
It has been cold since yesterday.	从昨天开始变冷了
Every morning we take the dog for a walk in the park.	我们每天早上到公园里遛狗
We are traveling on a tight budget.	我们用少的预算旅行
The sky is light blue.	天空是浅蓝的
Tom hopes you're happy.	汤姆希望你幸福
Tom explained it to Mary very carefully.	汤姆仔细地给玛丽解释
I can't believe Tom kissed me.	我不敢相信汤姆亲了我
Now I need you to leave.	现在我需要你离开
I've done bad things that I should be punished for.	我做了该受罚的坏事
It worried me that she looked pale.	她虚弱的样子让我捏了一把汗
How many languages can you speak?	你会说多少种语言
Please come to my house.	请来我家吧
Why didn't Tom need to go to Boston?	为什么汤姆不需要去波士顿
Let's eat out tonight.	我们今晚在外面吃饭吧
I will give you this book.	我会把这本书给你
Take the pan off the fire.	把平底锅离火
The house is haunted.	这房子闹鬼
Please call the fire department.	请叫消防员
I have no more time to talk with you.	我没时间再跟你说话了
Did you make this doll by yourself?	这个娃娃是你自己做的吗
She doesn't live there any more.	她不再住在那里了
Tom hurt himself.	汤姆弄伤了自己
They are having breakfast now.	他们现在正在吃早饭
They mistook him for his brother.	他们错把他当成他的兄弟
French isn't Tom's native language.	法语不是汤姆的母语
I'm just looking, thank you.	我只是看看
I thought that it was very good.	我觉得它真的很不错
Can I use your pencil?	我可以用你的铅笔吗
All of the dogs were alive.	所有狗都活着
Is this bag yours or his?	那个包是你的还是他的
I must have caught a cold.	我肯定着凉了
She's eating an apple.	她正吃著一个苹果
Let's go to the hospital now.	我们现在就去医院吧
Tom has been wounded.	Tom	负伤了
Her acting is on the level of a professional.	她的演技堪比专业人士
I have a special relationship with my aunt.	我和我阿姨有种特别的情谊
I feel lonely.	我觉得很孤独
How much of what I've written here do you understand?	你了解多少我写在这里的东西
How many plates do we have?	我们有多少个盘子
You must not be late for school.	你上学不可以迟到
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.	我们需要人力仲介公司帮我们找到合适的人来担任这个管理职位
Can I have a few words with you?	可不可以和你说几句
Is it going to rain tomorrow?	明天会下雨吗
He has been dead for three years.	他去世三年了
He probably won't come.	他可能不会来了
I've never felt better.	我从来没感觉那么好过
I was born 20 years ago.	我出生在二十年前
It'll be spring soon.	春天快来了
He grows tomatoes in his garden.	他在他的花园种番茄
I was able to find out his address.	我能找到他的地址
He is so heartless.	他是这么的无情
When was this temple built?	这个寺庙是何时造的
I like children. That's why I became a teacher.	我喜欢孩子
He is in London on business now.	他现在在伦敦洽公
You have lovely eyes, don't you?	你有一双可爱的眼睛
This novel is too difficult for me to read.	这本小说对我来说太难读了
Your tie has come undone.	你的领带松了
Today, the weather is very nice.	今天天气很好
No news is good news.	没消息就是好消息
Tom's not going to be happy.	汤姆不会高兴
I believe you'll get over it soon.	我相信你很快就能复原
All participants must be registered.	所有的参加者都得注册
This is the room where the author killed himself.	这就是那个作家自杀的房间
They have no idea what's going on.	他们不知道正在发生甚么
That's just what I wanted.	我想要的就是这个
You don't need to worry about such a thing.	你不必担心这样的事情
The red dress suited her.	这件红色的洋装适合她
I was late for the appointment.	我约会迟到了
I'm getting more and more gray hair.	我的白发越来越多
It's food.	它是食物
Tom only drinks coffee.	Tom	只喝咖啡
There is a television in the room.	房里有个电视机
Sales should double this year.	今年销售会翻番
Tom won't let me buy any more stuff.	汤姆不会让我再买甚么东西了
They were listening to the radio.	他们在听收音机
How many foreign languages can you speak?	他会几种外语
He differs from his brother.	他和他兄弟不一样
Few students could understand what he said.	很少有学生能了解他说的话
Do you have Tom's address?	你有汤姆的住址吗
Tom is married to a Canadian named Mary.	汤姆和一个叫玛丽的加拿大人结婚了
A drunk driver was responsible for the car accident.	喝醉的驾驶员对车祸有责任
There's not a cloud in the sky.	天上没有云
I don't know her.	我不认识她
Let's talk about this tomorrow.	我们来讨论下明天吧
There are a lot of parks in London.	伦敦有很多公园
I can't take the place of her as an English teacher.	我无法取代她做英语老师
I'm not as strong as I used to be.	我不跟以前一样强壮了
She was by far the best singer in the class.	她曾是班上唱歌绝对的第一名
You won't be able to see anything without a flashlight.	没有手电筒的话你什么都看不到
Tom wrote Mary a long letter, but he didn't send it to her.	汤姆给玛丽写了封长信
Would you please autograph this book?	请您在这本书上签名好吗
I think I'm going to go now.	我认为我现在该走了
He told me that I looked pale and asked me what the matter was.	他跟我说我很苍白
I have been in Japan for two months.	我在日本已经两个月了
Tom is consoling Mary.	汤姆在安慰玛丽
I no longer love him.	我已经不爱他了
We kept our fingers crossed.	我们试图让手指互相交错
I like sports.	我喜欢运动
I don't want to miss the exam.	我不想错过考试
There's too much salt in this soup.	这汤里盐放多了
I was unable to go to his birthday party.	我那时没法去他的生日派对
Did you check this?	你检查这个了吗
He is not a good driver.	他不擅长开车
Keep looking.	继续看
They all did it.	他们都做了
There is little water in the pond.	这个池塘里的水很少
They broke into the jewelry shop.	他们闯进了珠宝店
Hurry home.	赶快回家
The taxi I took was very old and small.	我打的这辆出租车很老
Women eat lighter meals when they're eating with a guy.	当女性跟一个男人吃饭时
Harvard was founded in 1636.	哈佛始建于
It's no longer snowing.	已经不下雪了
He was busy.	他很忙
Stop getting yourself worked up over little things.	不要让自己因为一些小事而烦躁了
Let me have a look at it.	让我看看它
He made a journey around the world.	他环游世界旅行
Compared to Tokyo, London is small.	和东京比
Please keep it under your hat.	请保密
I'll be back at seven o'clock.	我会在七点钟回来
He is very fond of music.	他非常喜欢音乐
Few students could understand what he said.	几乎没有学生能懂他所说的话
Tom slept.	汤姆睡了
I work every day except for Sundays.	我除了星期天外每天都上班
Who wrote Hamlet?	哈姆雷特是谁写的
I'm disappointed that I wasn't able to go with her.	我很失望我没能和她一起去
I can't remember how to go there.	我不记得怎么去那里了
I apologize for yesterday.	我为昨天发生的事道歉
A green carpet will not go with this blue curtain.	绿色的毯子和这条蓝色的帘子不配
You should go home now.	你应该现在就回家
"Do you think he will come?" "I hope not."	"	你认为他会来吗
Tom made up his mind to become a newspaperman.	汤姆决定从事报业
More money for education will spur economic growth.	更多投资在教育的钱将会刺激经济成长
Tom needs to see you in ten minutes.	汤姆需要在十分钟内见到你
How many pieces of baggage do you have?	请问您有多少件行李
Tom worked very hard and earned a lot of money.	汤姆努力工作挣了好多钱
Sewage often pollutes the ocean.	废水经常污染海洋
The door opened slowly.	门慢慢地开了
This is the office in which he works.	这是他工作的办公室
That was the part that Tom and I were most confused about.	这是我和汤姆最困惑的部分
Tom can't afford this.	汤姆买不起这个东西
I am grateful to you for your kindness.	谢谢您的好意
Everybody has weaknesses.	谁都有弱点
I wanted to ask Tom how long he had lived in India.	我想问汤姆他在印度生活了多久
You should come home before six.	六点之前要回家
He is an expert at fishing.	他是个钓鱼专家
I hear you are good at cooking.	我听说你擅长烹饪
I had to study hard to keep up with the other students.	我必须努力学习
I live in this neighborhood.	我住在这附近
Tom is naked from the waist up.	汤姆赤裸着上身
It's more polite to say thin than skinny.	说苗条比说瘦更有礼貌
Sitting down all day is bad for you.	整天坐著对你不好
I don't like singing in public.	我不喜欢在公共场合唱歌
Don't be terrified.	别被吓坏了
The day after tomorrow is Tom's birthday.	后天是汤姆的生日
The beach is an ideal place for children to play.	海滩是一个供孩子们玩乐的理想场所
I will gladly help you.	我会很乐意帮助你
Is Tom sick?	汤姆是不是身体不太好
It's almost time for the train to arrive.	现在差不多是火车要到的时间
It's getting hotter and hotter.	天气越来越热
I'll call you on Monday.	我会在星期一给你打电话
This is my mother.	这是我母亲
I don't believe Tom's version of the story.	我不相信汤姆的说法
We were friends.	我们是朋友
The Rhine flows between France and Germany.	莱茵河流经法国和德国国界
I want to become rich.	我想变有钱
Read Lesson 10 from the beginning.	从第十课的开头读起
Tom knows that you know.	汤姆知道你知道
His words surprised me.	他的话让我吃惊
Thanks!	谢谢
I thought that I told you to stay away from my computer.	我说过让你离我的电脑远一点的
Tom, answer me!	汤姆
Some people like sports, and others don't.	有些人喜欢运动
The elevator seems to be out of order.	电梯好像故障了
I see her sweeping the room.	我看见她在打扫房间
Who's the boy swimming over there?	在那边游泳的男孩是谁
I'll have to find a part-time job.	我得找一份兼职工作
They stepped a few paces forward.	他们前进了几步
I don't know anything about their relationship.	我对他们的关系一无所知
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.	我期待您的消息
It's four o'clock by my watch.	我表上是
His parents ran a hotel.	他的父母经营一家酒店
My parents taught me to respect my elders.	我的父母教育我应该尊敬老人
We're having difficulty locating Tom.	我们找到汤姆有困难
I like being on the team.	我喜欢在队伍里
We went into the red last year.	我们去年遇到了赤字
All I want to do is go fishing.	我唯一想做的是去钓鱼
Don't panic!	不要恐慌
Which judge heard the case?	哪一位法官审理此案
The rope wasn't strong enough to support him.	绳子不够牢固
Washing clothes is my work.	洗衣服是我的工作
This seat's free.	这个座位没人
I like my coffee without sugar.	我喜欢喝咖啡不加糖
China is much larger than Japan.	中国比日本大得多
He bought me a new dictionary.	他买给我一本新字典
There is an urgent need for medical supplies.	急需医疗用品
Tom clapped his hands.	汤姆拍了手
I would go if I were you.	要是我是你
Apples were served as the dessert.	苹果被用来当作甜点
Won't you come over to my place?	你不会来我家吗
Someone's been here recently.	有人最近来过这里
I'm still angry about that.	我还是为那生气
The ecological footprint of a country is closely related to its level of economic development.	生态印迹与一国的经济发展程度密切相关
Always be true to yourself.	永远要对自己诚实
Leave a space between the lines.	行与行之间要留一个空间
That isn't my job.	这不是我的工作
What do you want now?	您现在想要什么
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?	我需要写一封信
Don't ask questions. Just follow me.	别问问题
I have to go home.	我该回家了
This is a well-written article.	这是篇写得很好的文章
Things are getting out of control.	事情要失控了
Now it is official.	现在它是官方的了
We work in a factory.	我们在一个工厂工作
I'm sorry, I forgot my homework.	很抱歉我忘了写作业
It's very cold.	天气非常寒冷
She is good at speaking English.	她擅长说英语
I don't take any responsibility at all.	我完全不负任何责任
The teacher had a bad cold.	老师患了重感冒
Are you mad?	您生气了吗
Tom didn't want to talk to anyone.	汤姆不想跟任何人说话
Do you have something that you want to say to me?	您有什么事想对我说吗
She and I are the same age.	她跟我同年
Although I was tired, I did what I was able to do.	虽然我很累
They now have three kids.	现在他们有三个孩子
You may choose whichever you want.	你可以选择任何你想要的
Tom turned around and started to run.	汤姆转身开始跑
It is difficult for me to answer the question.	这个问题对我来讲很难回答
I'm nearly finished.	我差不多完成了
Aren't you free tonight?	你今天晚上没空吗
What's your problem?	你有什么问题
Why are you guys so angry?	你们为什么这么生气
He confessed to the murder.	他供认了杀人的罪行
Tom likes to sit on the floor.	汤姆喜欢坐在地上
I'm stuck here in Boston because of the storm.	我被风暴困在波士顿
The cat got through the hedge.	猫从树篱穿过去
Where is the police station?	警察局在哪里
I'd rather not go out this evening.	我今天晚上宁可不要出门
It was a cold night.	夜晚很冷
You nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil.	你的铅笔差点戳到我的眼睛了
What did you do then?	那你是怎么做的
Tom is taller than his mother.	汤姆比他的母亲高
Tom can't speak French well.	汤姆说法语说得不太好
I'll have another beer.	我会再喝一杯啤酒
My house has a small yard.	我的房子有一个小院子
This book isn't as large that one.	这本书没那本大
Beer is taxed according to its malt content, so low-malt beer is cheaper.	因为啤酒会根据麦芽含量去征税
Put the carrots in the pot.	把胡萝卜放在锅里
She says he will not give up smoking.	她说他不会戒烟
Why were you so scared?	你为什么这么害怕
I don't know why you're here.	我不知道你为甚么在这里
He is better than anyone else.	他比任何人都好
I was scared to be alone in the dark.	我害怕一个人处在黑暗之中
This horse has beautiful big eyes.	这匹马有漂亮的大眼睛
I know I owe you money.	我知道我欠你钱
Who are your most interesting friends?	你最有趣的朋友是谁
I thought you said you didn't see anything.	我记得你说你甚么也没看到
"Are the drinks free?" "Only for ladies."	“	酒水免费吗
I caught him stealing the money.	我抓到他偷钱
He's two years older than me.	他比我大两岁
I'll send it to you tomorrow.	我明天把它寄给你
I'm opposed to any type of war.	我反对任何形式的战争
We have many goals.	我们有许多目标
This umbrella is mine.	这把伞是我的
"What would you like to buy?" "I would like to buy a dog."	“	您想买什么
What do you like to do in your free time?	你空闲时间喜欢做什么
I told you never to come here again.	我告诉过你不要再来这里了
God helps those who help themselves.	上天会帮助自力更生的人
You are no better at remembering things than I am.	你记事情的能力并不比我好多少
I should put on more clothes.	我应该多穿点衣服了
I stayed with my uncle last week.	我上周跟我叔叔住在一起
This chair has to be fixed.	这张椅子需要修理
Tom forgot to buy toothpaste.	汤姆忘了买牙膏了
The boy didn't change his opinion.	这个男孩没有改变他的意见
Whose is this car?	这台汽车是谁的
I have confidence in you.	我对你有信心
Her absence went unnoticed until the end of the meeting.	直到会议结束之前都没人注意到她不在
I quickly ate lunch.	我迅速地吃了午饭
Tell me what you have in your hand.	告诉我你手里有什么
How much is the tour per person?	一个人的旅费多少钱
I swim once a week.	我每周游一次泳
I bet he doesn't make it.	我打赌他没搞定
Tom swims.	Tom	游泳
The main question is how does Tom feel.	主要的问题是汤姆的感受如何
You're so beautiful!	你太漂亮了
He looks like his father.	他看起来像他的父亲
That young lady is a nurse.	这个年轻女孩是护士
Let me check your ticket.	让我看一下你的票
She respects her homeroom teacher a lot.	她很尊重她的导师
I'm interested in sports.	我对运动感兴趣
Whose is it?	这是谁的
He was hit by a car and died instantly.	他被车撞了之后便过世了
The company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990.	该公司于
Is the post office still closed?	邮局还关着门吗
You should get your hair cut.	你该理发了
Mary carries pepper spray in her purse.	玛丽的包里有胡椒喷剂
I consider myself fairly fluent in French.	我认为自己的法语相当流利
Tom never recovered completely.	汤姆从来没完全恢复
Pride goes before a fall.	骄兵必败
I don't want to get out of bed today.	我今天不想起床
How many Chinese characters are there?	汉字有多少个
They married when they were young.	他们在还很年轻的时候就结婚了
This is the house where I live.	这是我住的房子
I'm sorry she's not here.	对不起
Everybody knew Tom could speak French well.	每个人都知道汤姆的法语很好
She stayed there for a moment.	她在那里待了一会
Were you serious?	你是认真的吗
I know what to say.	我知道要说什么
He was very patient.	他非常有耐心
Tom was very scared.	汤姆非常害怕
Tom is in the attic.	汤姆在阁楼里
I'm a student.	我是学生
The pain has gone.	疼痛消失了
He used to be an imaginative boy.	他曾经是一个富有想像力的男孩
I don't like to use liquid laundry detergent.	我不喜欢用洗衣液
I'm not stupid.	我不是笨蛋
I'm 30 now.	我现在
Obey your teachers.	要听老师的话
I saw more than Tom knows.	我看的比
He wore a mask so that no one could recognize him.	他戴著面具以至于没有人认出他
Some furniture is put together with glue.	一些家具是用胶水黏在一起
Tom has just retired.	汤姆刚退休
A lot of people don't know how to do that.	很多人不知道怎么做
Do you want to die here?	你想死在这里吗
The moon was full last night.	昨晚是满月
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?	你可以告诉我如何到火车站吗
He swam until he could swim no more.	他游到不能游为止
It's hard for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.	法语说得快
That was really boring.	那真是无聊
Thank you in advance for your help.	我先谢谢你的帮忙
Their trip was postponed because of the rain.	他们的旅行因为下雨延期了
I'm a slave.	我是个奴隶
Between you and me, I think our boss is stupid.	我觉得我们老板很蠢
Mary is an exceptionally beautiful girl.	玛丽是一个非常漂亮的姑娘
You should read a lot of books while you're young.	应该趁年轻多读点书
I like coffee better than tea.	我喜欢咖啡胜过茶
I'm sure you'll do great.	我相信你会做的很棒的
Why do you want to kill me?	你们为什么想杀我
I forgot.	我忘了
She turned a page of her book.	她翻了一页书
I want to know why I'm here.	我想知道我为甚么在这里
How can you do this to me?	你怎么这样对我
We don't expect Tom to live much longer.	我们不指望汤姆能活得更久
I was born in this hospital.	我在这家医院出生
Behave yourself.	规矩点
That's a huge challenge.	这是一个巨大的挑战
Let's leave it at that.	就到此为止吧
They always wake up early, even on Sundays.	他们总是早起
I know how to set a trap.	我知道怎么设陷阱
We should all sleep easier now.	我们现在都该早点睡
What illness do I have?	我得了什么病
Everyone wants to meet you. You're famous!	大家都想见到你
This car sells well.	这辆车卖得好
I want you to go.	我要你去
Every time I went to his place, he was studying.	每次我去他住处
Tom's wrong.	汤姆错了
I'm as old as he is.	我和他同年
I need a doctor.	我需要医生
It looks like it'll rain today, too.	今天也好像会下雨
I've made a mistake.	我犯了一个错
I can't go.	我走不了
May I have a bus schedule?	我可以有张公车的时刻表吗
Underage drinking is a crime.	未满年龄饮酒是罪行
I am the laziest person I know.	我是据我所知最懒的人
Thank you for yesterday.	昨天的事真的要谢谢您了
She folded up the towels and put them away in the cupboard.	她把毛巾折叠好再放入柜子里
I think Tom is optimistic.	我认为汤姆乐观
I've never seen him in jeans.	我从来没有看过他穿牛仔裤
The opposite sides of a parallelogram are parallel.	平行四边形的对边平行
It's wrong to tell lies.	说谎不好
He calculated the expenses.	他计算费用
I go to school by bus.	我乘车去学校
My house is five blocks away.	我家离这里五个街区远
How much did that cost?	多少钱
I didn't want to listen to Tom singing.	我不想听汤姆唱歌
What should be done?	怎么办
They have been here for an hour.	他们已经在这里一个小时了
Would you like another cup of coffee?	你想要另一杯咖啡吗
Did Tom reply?	汤姆有回应了吗
I respect Tom.	我尊敬汤姆
Where does this street lead to?	这条街通到哪里
I'll give you a ring.	我会打电话给你
Do it when you have time.	你有时间再做吧
You may go anywhere.	你可以随便去哪儿
I had a good opinion of her.	我对她的评价很好
I'm glad I could help.	能够出一份力太好了
I've recently given up smoking.	我最近戒烟了
When to start is the main problem.	主要问题是什么时候开始
We happened to get on the same bus.	我们恰巧上了同一辆公交车
That's neat.	那很棒
There was no money left in my wallet.	我钱包里没钱了
There are billions of stars in the sky.	天空中有数十亿的星星
Once he had written the letter, he sent it.	信一写好
You may take anything you like.	你可以拿你喜欢的东西
We want to learn some Japanese songs.	我们想学一些日文歌曲
You can't be a blood donor.	您不能成为献血者
I like to study foreign languages.	我喜欢学习外语
They will not pass!	他们不会通过的
We have three kids.	我们有三个孩子
I'm learning English.	我学英文
We must deal fairly with these people.	我们必须公平地对待这些人
The price does not include the box.	这个价格不包含这个箱子
Would you like some more beer?	你想再喝些啤酒吗
We have barely enough bread for breakfast.	我们早饭的面包刚够吃
Slight inattention can cause a great disaster.	失之毫厘
Minnesota's state bird is the mosquito.	明尼苏达州的官方鸟就是蚊子
It's the only thing I can think of.	这是我唯一能想到的事了
That wasn't so hard, was it?	那不难
I went to the hospital yesterday.	我昨天去了医院
I don't remember your name.	我不记得你的名字了
Go wash up.	去洗洗吧
She has a round face.	她有张圆脸
The eight o'clock bus was early today.	8	点那班车今天早到了
My passport was stolen.	我护照被偷了
You are working too hard. Take it easy for a while.	你工作得太辛苦了
This house is mine.	这个房子是我的
He is married to an American lady.	他和一个美国女人结婚了
She looks young. However, she's actually over forty.	她看起来是年轻的
You should always tell the truth.	你应该永远说实话
How long can I borrow this book?	这本书我能借多久
Wait a moment, please.	请稍等一下
I'd like three pounds of chicken.	我要三磅的鸡肉
I'll be your first patient.	我将是你的第一个病人
Stay off the grass.	从草地里出来
The weather was so cold that the lake froze over.	天冷得足以让湖结冰
We need you to tell us why you were absent all last week.	我们要你告诉我们你为什么整个上周都缺勤
What he says makes no sense at all.	他说的话根本毫无意义
I'm drinking orange juice.	我在喝橙汁
He will be a doctor when he grows up.	他长大了会成为一名医生
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.	当你说英语的时候不要怕犯错
The vacation is over now.	现在假期结束了
I don't dare tell him such a thing.	我不敢对他说这种话
Could you please speak a little bit more slowly?	能否请你说慢一点
I hear you, but I don't see you.	我听得见你
Bern is the capital of Switzerland.	伯恩是瑞士首都
Possibly the factory will be closed down next week.	下周工厂可能会关
Would you like some of those pictures?	你想要那些照片中的一些吗
A cat came out from under the desk.	一只猫从桌底下出来
I've been busy writing a short story.	我一直忙于写一部短篇小说
Please turn up the AC a little bit.	请你把冷气调高点
Do you often travel abroad?	你经常出国吗
She turned down the radio.	她降低了收音机的音量
He broke his left arm.	他自己撞坏了左臂
Cats hate vacuum cleaners.	猫很讨厌吸尘器
May I see you in private?	我们能私下见见吗
You had better go at once.	你最好马上走
Send me a letter when you arrive.	当你到达时寄封信给我
Afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the truth.	怕伤害了他的感情
Who does this suitcase belong to?	这个手提箱是谁的
My room faces east.	我的房间面向东边
In life there are ups and downs.	生活中有高低起伏
What he said was over my head.	这人讲的我完全听不懂
English is spoken in many countries.	许多国家的人说英语
Can I borrow your knife?	能借给我你的刀吗
There is a bridge over the pond.	池塘上有座桥
I hate the winter.	我恨冬天
It has nothing to do with you.	跟你没有关系
She is two years older than you.	她比你大两岁
He invited me to dinner.	他邀请我吃晚饭
I'm ready to leave.	我准备好出发了
She cooked us a delicious dinner.	她为我们煮了一顿美味的晚餐
Our native language is Japanese.	我们的母语是日语
I can't explain it either.	我也无法解释
Are you guys free this afternoon?	你们今天下午有空吗
A penny saved is a penny earned.	省下了一分钱
I came to this country for the purpose of studying music.	我来这个国家的目的是学习音乐
You'd do that if Tom asked you to, wouldn't you?	若汤姆请求你的话
I'm happy if you're happy.	如果你开心
I'm a computer scientist.	我是一名电脑科学家
I still don't think I'm wrong.	我还是不认为我错了
Tom is always playing video games.	汤姆总是在玩电视游乐器
He gave me a cold.	他把感冒传染给我了
He doesn't like traveling by air.	他不喜欢搭飞机旅行
The party was a success.	晚会很成功
One can't help many, but many can help one.	一个人帮不了许多个
I feel no sympathy for Tom.	我不同情汤姆
Your opinion is very important to us.	您的意见对我们很重要
All of them are good teachers.	他们都是好老师
She becomes drowsy after dinner.	晚饭后她变得昏昏欲睡
I feel like going out today.	我今天想出门
Tom stopped walking.	汤姆停下脚步
You should take the number 5 bus.	您应该乘
Thanks for calling me.	谢谢你给我打电话
What do you think I want?	你认为我想要甚么
I'm not doing that anymore.	我不再做那事了
Tom added broccoli to the stew.	汤姆往炖菜里加了西兰花
Tom needed to wash his car.	汤姆需要洗他的车
I studied English when I was there.	当我在那里的时候
Salt helps to preserve food from decay.	盐可以帮助保存食物避免腐烂
I don't see any difference.	我看不出有什么差别
I signed the lease today.	我今天签了租约
She rides a motorcycle well.	她骑摩托车的技术不错
It's really not important.	真的不重要
She sometimes gets depressed.	她偶尔有忧郁的心情
The man was held in police custody.	这个男人被警察拘留了
He told me he would go to Venice.	他告诉过我他会去威尼斯
Tom seems really happy.	汤姆看起来非常开心
The sun came out.	太阳露出来了
We made it out of there.	我们从那里逃了出来
You shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around.	孩子们在旁边的时候
I want something to read.	我要些读的东西
I have an opinion.	我有一个意见
It is a nice view from here.	从这儿看景色很美
You've gone too far.	你太过分了
This table is clean.	这张桌子是干净的
She fooled him.	她愚弄了他
Tom says he hopes Mary can do that.	汤姆说他希望玛丽能做到
The flowers in the garden need to be watered.	花园里的花需要浇水
Who did you give it to?	你把它给谁了
You don't need to study today.	你今天不必读书
She survived her husband by ten years.	她比丈夫多活十年
Do you get along with your boss?	你跟老板合得来吗
We're leaving the day after tomorrow.	我们后天出发
I am not wearing any underwear.	我没穿内衣
Next time it'll be my turn to drive.	下次该轮到我开车了
I just couldn't say no.	我就是不能说不
These shoes are too big for me.	这双鞋对我来说太大了
Tom asked if I'd found my key.	汤姆问我找到我的钥匙了吗
Why should you think that?	为什么你对于这个有这样的想法
We'll wait and see what happens.	我们要等等看会发生甚么
It's almost time for the cherry blossoms.	几乎是樱花绽放的时候了
Tom seems to really enjoy being in Boston.	汤姆看来真喜欢待在波士顿
You and I have something in common.	你和我有一些共同点
He invented the wheel.	他发明了轮子
Don't get off the train till it stops.	列车停下前别下车
I can't resist sweet things.	我抵抗不了甜食的诱惑
May I use your car today?	我今天可以使用你的汽车吗
Where are you going to take me?	你们要带我去哪
Tom found a job in Boston.	汤姆在波士顿找了份工作
Why are you still unmarried?	你为甚么还不结婚
My father's in the garden.	我爸爸在花园里
What have I ever done to Tom?	我对汤姆做了什么
I've never seen him wearing jeans.	我从来没有看过他穿牛仔裤
They got married six months ago.	他们六个月前结婚了
Tom was never happy.	汤姆从不高兴
Tom made a list of places he wants to visit.	汤姆把他想去的地方列成了一张清单
Tom and Mary's home is cluttered.	汤姆和玛丽的家很乱
I'm afraid of death.	我怕死
I brought you a little something.	我给你带了点东西
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek.	汤姆亲了玛丽脸颊
Tom cut his finger.	汤姆切到了手指
My father has been in good shape since his operation.	自从手术后
Put it out of your mind.	别去想它
By the way, my English is absolutely hopeless.	顺道一提
Those men are speaking French.	那些人在说法语
I didn't know that he was Japanese.	我不知道他是日本人
This is your key.	这是您的钥匙
She denied having met him.	她否认见过他
It is bad manners to point at people.	用手指点别人不礼貌
Are you Tom?	你是汤姆吗
Don't you have any feelings for me at all?	你对我完全没有感觉吗
A few days' rest will do you good.	休息几天会对你好的
Tom certainly is good at baseball.	汤姆打棒球打的非常好
She has a husband and two daughters.	她有丈夫和两个女儿
You can use my car if you like.	如果你喜欢你可以用我的车
Whether the medicine will work or not is uncertain.	药物的作用还不确定
To tell the truth, I completely forgot.	说实话
Thank you for your attention.	谢谢您的关注
He dropped in on me last night.	昨晚他来找过我
I've got lots of questions.	我有许多问题
I need you here.	我需要你在这里
I helped my father wash his car.	我帮我父亲洗他的车
I used to swim here every day.	我以前每天在这里游泳
Do you like to eat fruit?	你喜欢吃水果吗
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.	我期待收到您的来信
We caught the thief.	我们抓住了小偷
Thanks for returning my call.	感谢您的回电
It's sometimes difficult to control our feelings.	有时我们很难控制自己的情绪
None of your business.	这不是你的事
He is old enough to travel alone.	他够大了
I prefer apples to oranges.	相对于橙子
Tom asked me if I liked chocolate.	汤姆问我是否喜欢巧克力
Is the room big enough for you?	这间房间对你来说够大吗
I'm making a movie.	我在制作电影
The lock is broken.	锁坏了
I'd like to go to the movies.	我想去看电影
Who was here?	谁来了这里
I saw you kissing Tom.	我看到了你在吻汤姆了
The price of the book was $5.	这本书的价格是
He began to shout.	他开始喊叫
This is my I.D. card.	这是我的身份证
He fell to the floor.	他摔倒在地
The flowers cheered her up.	那些花儿安慰了她
Can I talk to you privately for a minute?	我能跟你私下谈一分钟吗
Making a good start is half the battle.	有好的开始
Are you a doctor?	你是不是医生
Those two are quarreling again.	他们俩又在吵架了
Ask him if he will attend the meeting.	问他会不会来参加会议
I ate french fries.	我吃了炸薯条
"I'll do it tomorrow." "You said that yesterday!"	“	我明天再做
Can I pay by credit card?	我可以用信用卡付帐吗
Tom is extremely romantic.	汤姆非常的浪漫
I want the fan.	我要那个电风扇
They serve excellent food here.	他们这里提供一流的美食
They armed themselves with guns.	他们用枪武装自己
Tom drove the car.	汤姆开的车
Look behind you.	瞧你身后
It rained yesterday.	昨天下雨了
I don't have a cat.	我没有猫
Roll up your sleeve.	卷起你的袖子
I made up my mind to study harder.	我决定更努力地学习
Tom is an extraordinary man.	汤姆是个不寻常的人
London is famous for its fog.	伦敦以雾著名
I asked her out on a date.	我请她出去约会
How did you like the party?	你觉得这个派对如何
A permit is required.	需要准许
I don't think that we should wait.	我认为我们不应该再等
I hear that he sold his house.	我听说他卖掉了房子
According to the weather forecast, the rainy season will set in next week.	根据天气预报
I should clean my room.	我应该打扫我的房间
I'm a member of the swimming club.	我是游泳俱乐部的会员
I know everyone here.	我认识这里的每个人
Do you want to learn French?	您想学法语吗
Did you drive her home last night?	昨晚你把她送回家了吗
Do you guys want to go with me?	你们要和我一起去吗
She insisted on my paying the bill.	她坚持让我付钱
Fill out this form, please.	请填好这张表格
Money can't buy everything.	金钱不能买到所有的东西
I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter.	我期待听到你在这件事上的想法
Staying up late at night is very bad for your skin.	熬夜是皮肤的大敌
You're free to go.	您可以走了
I clapped.	我拍手
How did you draw this picture?	你怎么画这幅画
They adopted the orphan.	他们收养了那个孤儿
We immediately became friends.	我们马上成为了朋友
We got all the materials together.	我们把所有的材料放在一起
I don't feel well.	我感觉不舒服
I'm reading.	我在读书
You should read a lot of books while you're young.	当你年轻的时候
I was terribly confused by his question.	我对他的问题感到非常迷惑
Why did you do that?	你为什么要那样做呢
He has been to Hokkaido.	他曾去过北海道
I couldn't answer all of the questions.	我不能回答所有的问题
She is always dressed in black.	她总是一身黑
Change trains at the next station.	在下一站换火车
Do you smoke?	你抽不抽烟
Do you still want to talk to me?	你还想跟我谈吗
You don't believe Tom, do you?	你不信任汤姆
You're about three days late.	你大约遅了三天
I've lost my wallet.	我掉了我的钱包
Can you swim underwater?	你能潜水吗
Tom swam.	汤姆游泳了
This really is great weather.	这真的是个好天气
It's just big enough for Tom.	这尽够汤姆的
I'm going to school.	我去学校了
Why do you resent me?	你为什么恨我
To my surprise, the door was unlocked.	令我惊讶的是
He will not be able to do the work.	他没能力做这个工作
I often play tennis on Sunday.	我常常在周日打网球
We were nearly frozen to death.	我们几乎被冻死了
There was a sprinkling of foreigners among the visitors in the museum.	博物馆的参观者中有少数是外国人
Grab hold of the rope.	抓住绳子
We go fishing once in a while.	我们偶尔去钓鱼
There's a crown here.	这里有个皇冠
English is spoken by more people than any other language.	说英语的人比说任何其他语言的人多
How long does it take to get to the station?	去火车站要多久
Tom bent down and picked up a handful of sand.	汤姆弯下腰
Tom and I weren't the ones who complained.	汤姆和我不是抱怨的人
I've worn holes in my socks.	我把袜子穿破了
Let's go to the movies.	我们去看电影吧
I got a good night's sleep.	我睡了个好觉
Can you rub my back?	帮我搓一下背好吗
The service here is awful.	这里的服务很糟糕
She became a true friend of mine.	她成为我的一位真正的朋友
I need to ask you a silly question.	我必须问你一个蠢问题
Tom turned up the TV.	汤姆把电视调大声
Please let me take your picture.	请让我为你拍照
I will show you the picture.	我会给你看图片
I haven't done very much this year.	我今年没做多少事
Place it wherever you like.	你想放在哪里就放在哪里
They drink cola.	他们喝可口可乐
Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.	你咳嗽
I miss you so much.	好想见到你
These are very old books.	这些是很旧的书
Translating this sentence will be very easy.	翻译这个句子会很容易
I'll try to find them for you.	我会努力帮你找到他们
She's a very interesting person.	她是一个非常有趣的人
He asked me a question.	他问了我一个问题
I'd do anything for Tom.	我会为汤姆做任何事
Tom taught me French.	汤姆教了我法语
Tom said he's glad Mary has finally graduated.	汤姆说他很高兴玛丽毕业了
Look into my eyes.	看著我的眼睛
It's too late to call Tom now.	现在很晚了
I don't like English.	我不喜欢英语
John's two years older than me.	John	比我大两岁
That doesn't make sense.	这没有任何意义
I'm already full, thank you.	我已经很饱了
Old people often talk to themselves.	老人时常自言自语
These flowers grow in warm countries.	这些花生长在温暖的国家
Married people sometimes wish they were single.	已婚的人有时候希望他们是单身
All you can do is to wait.	所有你能做的就是等待
I saw him swim across the river.	我看见他游过了河
It's snowing.	下雪了
We gave the car a push.	我们推了车
We found that everyone was asleep.	我们发现每个人都睡著了
What did you find out?	你发现了甚么
He had a shower before breakfast.	他在早餐前洗了个澡
We failed due to a lack of preparation.	我们因缺乏准备而失败了
I walked up the hill.	我走上山了
I won't be getting married this year.	我今年不结婚
A few years ago, our room had little furniture in it.	几年前
Even though Tom is wealthy, he isn't happy.	即使汤姆很有钱
Tom has just finished eating dinner.	Tom	刚吃完晚饭
I want to leave this difficult job to her.	我想让她干这项艰难的工作
Do you eat rice in your country?	在你们国家吃米饭吗
They hugged.	他们拥抱
I'd like something to drink.	我想喝点什么
Tom hasn't complained yet.	汤姆还没有抱怨
I have never felt better.	我从来没感觉那么好过
That's my cat.	那是我的猫
How are things at work?	工作怎么样
Tom isn't through yet.	汤姆还没完成
She finally reached the hotel.	她终于到达了酒店
He threw a stone into the pond.	他扔了一块石头到池塘里
I have already finished this book.	我已经读完了这本书
Sorry, we don't accept credit cards.	对不起
The chance is gone.	机会错过了
"When will you be back?" "It all depends on the weather."	“	你什么时候回来呀
I've never heard of Tom.	我从没听说过汤姆
I prefer cats to dogs.	与狗相比
I don't remember mailing the letter.	我不记得寄过信了
What trips are you planning?	你在计划什么出游吗
Tom told Mary that she was right.	汤姆告诉玛丽她是对的
Where is my seat?	我的位子在哪儿
They're still in Boston.	他们还在波士顿
I received your letter yesterday.	我昨天收到了你的信
Although I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.	虽然我享受打保龄球
Don't eat too much.	别吃太多
I don't like anything.	我什么都不喜欢
He had to stay in bed.	他得卧床休息
She will be the first Japanese woman astronaut.	她将会成为日本第一个女性太空人
Boil some water.	烧一点水
Can you show me on the map?	可以在地图上展示给我看吗
There are some misprints, but all in all, it's a good book.	虽然有一些印刷错误
My son is taller than me.	我儿子比我高
I'll wait till four o'clock.	我会等到四点
The bus stopped, but no one got out.	巴士虽然停了
It's time for bed.	睡觉时间到了
If you eat that much, you'll get a stomachache.	那么吃的话
I got a farewell present from everyone.	每个人都送了我一份欢送礼物
How are you getting along these days?	最近过得怎样
He began to eat his breakfast.	他开始吃他的早餐了
Could you stop saying that?	你能不说了吗
They don't have to know.	他们不需要知道
The dress is made of a thin fabric.	这件衣服是由薄织物制成的
Please show me the menu.	请给我菜单
Smoke is rising from the chimney.	烟从烟囱上升
See you tomorrow at school.	明天在学校见
I paid two thousand yen for the book.	我用两千日元买了这本书
Is Tom around?	汤姆在吗
Humans can't live without air.	没有空气
I have to iron my shirt.	我必须熨我的衬衫
This boy is lazy.	这个男孩子很懒
Several cottages have been isolated by the flood water.	好几间小屋被洪水孤立起来了
I prefer spring to fall.	我喜欢春天胜过秋天
As long as you are here, we might as well begin.	既然你在这里
That shouldn't be hard for you.	那对你来说应该不难
This book isn't interesting at all.	这本书一点也不有趣
I didn't know where it came from.	我不知道它是从哪里来的
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.	我想知道为什么汤姆要我们那样做
I didn't enjoy it very much.	我不是很喜欢它
Our teacher has a wonderful sense of humor.	我们的老师非常有幽默感
Laser printers are generally cheaper to maintain than inkjet printers.	激光打印机一般比喷墨打印机用起来更省钱
The food is cold.	这食物是冷的
I don't want to open the window.	我不想打开窗户
A cooking course should be mandatory in schools.	烹饪课程应该作为学校的必修课
Mary has beautiful brown eyes.	玛丽的褐色眼睛很美
I'm already over thirty.	我已经三十多了
Tom has a good head on his shoulders.	汤姆脑子好使
I'll get some glasses.	我会去拿一些玻璃杯
Don't bother calling security.	别麻烦保安了
The lid won't open.	这盖子打不开
This house isn't for sale.	这房子不出售
There's nobody here.	这里没人
You've given me good advice.	你给了我很好的建议
Tom's hair was disheveled.	汤姆头发蓬乱
Two men are trying to figure out what's wrong with the car.	两个男人在检查汽车出了什么故障
Was Tom surprised?	汤姆吃惊吗
He was raised in an artistic family.	他在艺术世家长大
I entrusted my property to him.	我把我的财产托付给他
There is no salt left.	没有盐了
He checked in at a good hotel.	他入住了一间很好的旅馆
Tom wants to tell you about Mary.	汤姆想跟你说玛丽的事
Tom respects his parents.	Tom	尊敬他的父母
The boat can still be seen.	船还能被看到
I think it's time for you to grow up.	我觉得你是时候该懂事了
She enjoyed herself at the concert.	她在音乐会上玩得很开心
A brass band is marching along the street.	一个管弦乐团沿着路前进
This is an ice cube.	这是冰块
I want to go to school.	我想去学校
You can't depend on Tom.	你不能靠汤姆
I've won first prize!	我赢得了第一名
His father eats there twice a week.	他爸爸一周在那里吃两次
Tom is in the hospital.	Tom	在医院
I have almost no money with me.	我身上几乎没有钱
Call an ambulance.	叫救护车
Tom has a high-pitched voice.	汤姆声音尖
This is the most wonderful present I have ever received.	这是我收过最好的礼物了
Monkeys can learn a lot of tricks.	猴子能学会很多把戏
Are you happy now?	你高兴了吗
He can do it better than I can.	他有能力比我做得更好
Who does the cooking in your home?	你家里谁做饭
I succeeded in getting what I wanted.	我赢得了我想要的
I think that that would be fun.	我认为那会很有意思
They are having a really good time.	他们正玩得非常开心
Tom always wants to sit in the front row.	Tom	总是想坐在第一排
I'm not used to walking long distances.	我不习惯走很长的路
The food is ready.	饭做好了
You're not even paying attention.	你根本没有注意
How large is the population of New York City?	纽约市的人口有多少
On my way home, I met him.	我在回家的路上遇到了他
This is the best restaurant that I know.	这是我所知道的最好的餐厅
I'm not famous.	我没名气
I want a quart of milk.	我要一夸脱的牛奶
He knew he could not win.	他早就知道自己不会赢
Tom would like to see you.	汤姆想见你
She likes music very much.	她非常喜欢音乐
Come down here!	你给我下来
She got good grades in English.	她的英文成绩很好
We will continue the meeting after some light refreshments.	茶点过后我们接着开会
Please call me at my hotel later.	等一下请打电话到我住的旅馆
I'm exhausted.	我很疲惫
My uncle comes to see me from time to time.	我叔叔偶尔来看我
Tom and his friends played basketball all afternoon.	汤姆和朋友们打了整个下午篮球
I washed the dishes after supper.	晚饭后我洗了餐具
Outside the school, she saw people with no homes living in cardboard boxes.	她在校外见到没有家的人住在纸板箱里
She was very happy with my gift.	她对于我送的礼物感到很开心
He is an old friend of mine.	他是我的老朋友
He made her a bookshelf.	他做了一个书架给她
Would you care for more coffee?	你想再喝点咖啡吗
Are you sure of your facts?	你确定你的资料属实吗
Smoking is strictly prohibited.	严禁吸烟
Thousands of people wanted to know the answer.	成千上万的人想要知道答案
If you don't want to do it, you don't have to.	如果你不想的话也没问题
How're you feeling?	你感觉如何
He is good at football.	他擅长足球
His plan was discarded.	他的计划被驳回了
I almost never watch TV nowadays.	现在我几乎不看电视
I'm not well.	我身体不适
Tom wondered what he could do.	汤姆不知道他能做什么
I got up early as usual.	我和往常一样起得很早
I doubt if Tom is single.	我怀疑汤姆是单身
Why do you let Tom treat you that way?	你为甚么让汤姆那么对待你
Don't interrupt our conversation.	不要打断我们的谈话
Tell him where he should go.	告诉他该去哪儿
Next time I'll come earlier.	下一次我会早一点到
The skies are clear.	天空很清朗
The police assembled a lot of evidence against him.	警察收集了很多对他不利的证据
What's the rush?	这么着急干什么
Six divided by two is three.	六除以二得三
She is wearing the same dress that she had on yesterday.	她穿著跟昨天相同的衣服
Those shoes won't do for climbing.	那种鞋子用来登山是不行的
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive.	我母亲有驾照
You must pay in advance.	您必须预先付钱
I'm getting farsighted as I get older.	当我年长时
She died on a cold night in December.	她在一个寒冷的十二月晚上死了
The days are getting longer and longer.	白天越来越长了
Tom went to sleep.	汤姆睡着了
When do you need it by?	您何时需要它
What's your favorite season of the year?	一年之中
Would you like some cream in your coffee?	你要在咖啡上加些奶油吗
You look happy today.	你今天看上去很开心
The runner jumped over the hole in the ground.	那个赛跑运动员跃过了地面上的洞
The forest is teeming with monkeys.	这个森林里猴子成群
They were only interested in selling books.	他们只对卖书有兴趣
I cannot give you a definite answer today.	我今天无法给您一个最终的答复
He resembles his grandfather.	他很像他外公
I didn't get your last name.	我没有听清楚你的姓
They don't always obey their parents.	他们并不总是服从父母
When was the last time that you watered the garden?	你最后一次给花园浇水在什么时候
Could you call me back a bit later?	你可以稍后回电给我吗
Tom went down the hill.	汤姆走下山坡
We didn't have much rain last month.	上个月我们这儿没有下很多雨
He likes listening to the radio.	他喜欢听收音机
Christmas is almost here.	圣诞节快到了
The city fell into ruins.	这座城市成为了一片废墟
In case of fire, call 119.	遇到火灾打
It doesn't matter what you do.	你做什么都无所谓
Who is that old man?	那个老男人是谁
She kindly showed me the way.	她友善地为我指路
Did he go to see Mary?	他去看玛丽了吗
My aunt has three children.	我阿姨有三个孩子
I've forgotten his name.	我已经忘了他的名字
I love the taste of watermelon.	我喜欢西瓜的味道
This city is cold and lonely without you.	没有你
You're very fast.	你非常快
She is not as young as she looks.	她没她看上去那么年轻
You're a mean old man.	你这个吝啬的老头
The boy is eating bread.	这个男孩子在吃面包
I was asked to wait here.	我被要求在这里等
Just take it slowly.	慢慢来
It snowed.	下雪了
He must be about forty.	他应该
He is hard to deal with.	他很难对付
This is a defibrillator.	这是一个除颤器
What do you have planned for next weekend?	你下个周末有什么安排
I will wait here till he comes.	我会在这里等直到他来
Walk two blocks, and turn left.	走过两个街区
I spent all day in the library.	我整天待在图书馆
What's wrong with you?	你到底怎么回事嘛
I don't want to go there again.	我不想再次去那儿
He takes a bath every morning.	他每天早上洗澡
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.	我想要一艘船带我远离这里
Don't blame the tour guide.	不要怪导游
Are you sure?	你确定吗
This bomb can kill a lot of people.	这个炸弹可以炸死很多人
I'm looking for my cat.	我在找我的猫
I got this bicycle for nothing.	我免费得到这辆自行车
He lives in a village near Osaka.	他住在大阪附近一座镇上
Pardon me for coming late.	对不起
Tell Tom what you heard.	把你听到的告诉汤姆
The missing cat has not been found yet.	失踪的猫还没被找到
What did you have for lunch?	你们午饭吃了什么
Stop swearing, please.	请别再骂人了
This suit seems really expensive.	这西装好像真的很贵
They drink cola.	他们喝可乐
I wish I was young again.	我希望我再年轻一次
We're just like brothers.	我们就像兄弟一样
She goes to night school.	她上夜校
Tom, we have to talk.	汤姆
She was beautiful when she was young.	她年轻时很美丽
What do you base your theory on?	你的理论是以什么为基础
You don't have any money.	您没有任何钱
I want to take part.	我要参与
Her mother made her a new dress.	她的妈妈给她做一件新衣服
I'm bleeding.	我在流血
He did not put up his hand.	他没有举起他的手
He made me a suit.	他给我做了套衣服
It is absolutely impossible to do so.	绝对不可能这样做的
Don't forget where you put it.	不要忘记你放在哪里
I had a hard day.	我过了难挨的一天
His speech inspired all the boys.	他的演说激励了所有的男孩
The ship was flying the American flag.	这艘船挂著美国国旗
As soon as he saw a policeman, he ran away.	他一看见警察就逃走了
We only need water.	我们需要的只有水
Those women are Canadians.	那些女人是加拿大人
I stayed in Boston for three days.	我在波士顿待了三天
I'll join you later.	我一会儿就来
Did you have a good rest?	休息好吗
Turn off the light.	关灯
Tom tried to kill Mary.	汤姆试着杀死玛丽
Tom knows the difference.	汤姆知道不同之处
What did she say?	她说了什么
We met her by accident.	我们偶然碰到了她
It's not dinnertime yet.	现在还不是晚饭时间
Maybe you're right.	也许您有道理
I want much more.	我要多很多
Turn the key to the right.	往右边转动钥匙
We go to school by bus.	我们乘公共汽车去上学
We guarantee our products for one year.	我们保证我们的产品一年
Give this book to whoever wants it.	把这本书给想要的人
Tom needed treatment.	汤姆需要接受治疗
I take a bath every night.	我每晚洗澡
This is a small town.	这是个小镇
The river flows under the bridge.	河从桥下流过
Tom currently resides in Boston.	汤姆现在住在波士顿
He explained the literal meaning of the sentences.	他解释了句子的字面意思
Everybody is equal before the law.	法律面前人人平等
He works at the welfare office.	他在福利办事处上班
Tom wants to know more about Mary's past.	汤姆想要知道更多关于玛丽的过去
I got home at seven.	我七点回到家
He is afraid of making mistakes.	他很怕出错
There's been a death in his family.	他的家不幸有人身亡
Everybody did that.	每个人都做了那件事
Who cares when she gets married?	谁管她什么时候结婚
Is there anything you want to add to what I just said?	我刚才说的内容
Tom told me that Mary is leaving tomorrow.	汤姆和我说明天玛丽会离开
Add a tiny pinch of salt.	加一丁点盐
The cat is adorable.	这只猫很可爱
I cannot find fault with him.	我挑不出他的毛病
That bicycle is mine.	那自行车是我的
Tom looks a bit sick.	汤姆看来有点不适
I have nothing to hide.	我没什么可隐藏
Do you have enough food?	你有足够的食物吗
Who are you going with?	你和谁一起去那
Do Tom and Mary work together?	汤姆和玛丽一起工作吗
Tom is not an idiot.	汤姆不是傻瓜
None of this would've been necessary if we'd followed Tom's advice.	如果我们照了汤姆的话去做这一切都是没必要的
Those pictures were painted by him.	那些图画是他画的
I give you my heart.	把我的心给你
Tom studied French.	汤姆学习了法语
Please enjoy yourself at the dance.	请尽情地跳舞
We love each other.	我们彼此相爱
I prefer hardwood floors to carpet.	我喜欢硬木地板胜过地毯
His advice didn't help at all.	他的建议完全没用
We've forgiven you.	我们已经原谅你了
Health is above wealth.	健康胜于财富
Maybe I'm just a fool.	可能我就是个傻子
He seldom writes to his father.	他很少写信给他父亲
We go to school together.	我们一起去学校
Do you study every day?	你们每天都读书吗
I met my friends yesterday.	昨天我和朋友们见了面
Just look at all this.	看看这一切
This book is full of errors.	这本书充满了错误
Don't mind me.	不要管我
I'm sore all over.	我全身酸痛
How did you get Tom to tell you that?	你怎么让汤姆告诉你的
Prepare yourself for the future.	为将来做准备吧
He won't make it to old age.	他不会长寿
Without water, we cannot exist.	没有水
I looked around, but saw nobody.	我环顾四周
What prevented you from coming earlier?	为什么你不能早点来
I bought that car.	我买了那辆车
This may not be a real diamond.	这可能不是一颗真的钻石
Are you finished?	你结束了吗
Tom used to work here.	汤姆过去在这里工作
I had curry last night.	我昨晚吃了咖喱
I remember seeing him.	我记得见过他
Drivers should wear seat belts.	司机应该系安全带
I'm going to see a horror film.	我要去看恐怖电影
Tom put his keys in his pocket.	汤姆把钥匙放在口袋里
The tigers escaped from the zoo.	老虎从动物园中逃出来了
She called me up very late last night.	昨晚她很晚打电话给我
I've never seen Tom laugh.	我从没见汤姆笑
Don't let the dog out.	别把狗放出去
I told you not to talk about the matter in her presence.	我跟你说过她在的时候不要说这件事
I often play tennis after school.	我常常在放学后打网球
How much is your monthly gas bill?	你每个月的瓦斯费多少钱
I have no particular reason to do so.	我没有特别的理由去做
Would you like a little more salad?	请问您要多来点儿沙拉吗
I ripped my pants.	我扯掉了自己的裤子
I work in a factory.	我在一家工厂工作
Where did you get those old coins?	你从哪里得到这些古钱的
You ought to keep your promise.	你应该信守诺言
I'd like to send this package to Japan.	我想把这个包裹寄到日本
What country are you from?	你是从哪个国家来的
I know Tom is a little worried.	我知道汤姆有点担心
You can't fire us.	您不能炒了我们
Are oysters in season now?	现在牡蛎当季吗
How old do you think she is?	你认为她多大
Have you already fed the horses?	你喂过马了吗
I don't want to take the chance.	我不想冒这个险
It'll rain soon.	天快要下雨了
This is not important.	这个不重要
I can't swim well.	我不擅长游泳
I used to smoke a lot, but now I've quit.	我以前常抽烟
The old man died of cancer.	那位老爷爷死于癌症
I knocked on the door, but nobody answered.	我敲门
May I speak with the teacher?	我能和老师说话吗
What're you doing?	搞什么啊
Are you sure Tom can do that?	你确定汤姆能做吗
Can you help me wash these dishes?	你能帮我洗这些碗盘吗
The pen is on the desk.	笔在桌上
I feel like everybody's watching me.	我感觉大家都在关注我
Tom wants children, but Mary doesn't.	汤姆想要孩子
I've already finished the job.	我已经完成了这项工作
Tom doesn't have the time.	汤姆没有时间
What did you come here to do?	您来这儿干嘛
We gave blood to help the child.	我们捐血来帮助这个孩子
I hope Tom loses.	我希望汤姆输
I'm shivering with cold.	我的身体被冻得瑟瑟发抖
You are wanted on the phone.	有你的电话
Is it something I said?	是我说的吗
He had his hair cut short.	他把头发剪短了
Where's the nearest subway station?	最近的地铁站在哪里
Tom had a drink in his hand.	汤姆手里拿着饮料
Don't stay in the sun too long.	不要在阳光下逗留太久
Is that pure gold?	那是纯金吗
This makes me happy.	这让我开心
Don't judge and you won't be judged.	不要做评判
The light turned green.	红绿灯变成绿色了
That's not right.	不对
Let's not watch TV.	我们不要看电视吧
The road is parallel to the river.	这条路与河流平行
You're the new secretary, aren't you?	您是新来的秘书吧
I'm busy all the time.	我总是有事
I'm not sure what's going on.	我不清楚发生了甚么
He built an observatory to study the stars.	为了观测星象
There was a big gold star on the door.	在门上有一个大大的金色星星
It's 7:45.	现在是七点四十五分
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.	汉堡我都吃腻了
It's snowing.	正在下雪
Tom was unable to remember what he had eaten for breakfast.	汤姆记不得他在早餐吃了什么
If he were a little younger, he would be eligible for the post.	如果他年轻一点
I don't think I really have a problem.	我不认为我真的有问题
Tom is going to a concert this evening.	汤姆今晚会去演唱会
Tom stayed home.	汤姆留在家里
The meeting was called off.	会议取消了
In my opinion, it would be difficult to solve this problem.	在我看来
You speak good English.	你的英语说得很好
She was always quarreling with her parents.	她总和她父母吵架
I'm a junior high school student.	我是个国中生
Mary was wearing a navy blue skirt.	玛丽穿着深蓝色的裙子
You're a woman.	你是个女人
You're babbling.	你说话含糊不清
Don't put the cart before the horse.	不要把本末倒置
My heart's beating so fast!	我的心跳得那么快
That's a good idea!	真是个好主意
What's that bird called?	那只鸟叫什么名字
As soon as the bell rang, the teacher came into the classroom.	钟声一响起
Don't beat around the bush.	不要拐弯抹角
Nobody will believe you.	没人会相信你
According to TV news, there was a plane crash in India.	根据电视新闻
Texting while driving is dangerous.	开车时打字是危险的
What do you think of it?	你对这件事有什么看法
This is the deepest lake in Japan.	这片湖是日本最深的
The class begins at 8:30.	课程八点半开始
Tom had a lot of problems at the school.	汤姆在学校遇到了很多问题
You don't deserve the salary they're paying you.	你不应该得到他们给你的薪水
Tom asked Mary to stop the car.	汤姆让玛丽停住车
Would you like to leave a message?	你要留言吗
You can go.	你可以去了
Christmas is soon, isn't it?	圣诞节很快就到了
She made me wait for half an hour.	她让我等了半小时
Are you referring to me?	你在说我吗
Who's worried about Tom?	谁担心汤姆
He made the most of his opportunities.	他尽力地利用了他的机会
You're stepping into dangerous territory.	你进入了危险区
She was wearing an ugly dress.	她穿着一条很难看的裙子
He prefers French to German.	他喜欢法语胜过德语
Tom is an unknown artist.	Tom	是个不知名的艺术家
You must be mentally exhausted.	你肯定脑子糊掉了
I'll be in my office.	我会在我的办公室里
You should begin right away.	你应该立即开始
We went swimming at the beach.	我们去海边游泳
Tom made a bet with Mary.	汤姆跟玛丽打了个赌
Do you know how to use this camera?	你会用这台相机吗
Tom is still not finished.	汤姆还没完成
There wasn't a single survivor.	一个幸存者都没有
I like grapes, but I can't eat so many.	我虽然喜欢吃葡萄
By the way, did you hear that Mary quit her job?	话说
The police seem to know exactly where we are.	警察看来很清楚我们在哪里
They've announced their engagement.	他们已经宣布订婚了
It's getting cloudy. It may rain soon.	云愈来愈多
Thank you for agreeing to meet with us.	谢谢你答应来见我
Can you tell those twins apart?	你可以分出那对双胞胎中谁是谁吗
Wood floats.	木头会漂浮
I go to the country every summer.	我每年夏天都去乡下
God knows that we did everything we could.	上帝知道我们做了我们所能做的事
I wanted to show it to you.	我想把它给你看
He should have been a lawyer.	他本应该成为一个律师
I'm in a bad mood today.	我今天的心情不好
I bought a good camera.	我买了一台不错的照相机
He works every day except Sunday.	除了星期天他每天工作
Better late than never.	亡羊补牢
He once knew her, but they are no longer friends.	他过去认识她
I'm glad to see you back.	很高兴再见到你
I can't say.	我不能说
You must always tell the truth.	你必须永远说实话
I am in touch with him.	我与他联系
Tom put his wallet on the table.	汤姆把钱包放在了桌子上
If I were rich, I would go abroad.	如果我有钱了
I didn't know who was going to meet me at the airport.	我不知道谁会在机场见我
I've always been smart.	我一直聪明
It is good to be a winner.	做个赢家很好
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.	每个人都有他的长处和短处
It's too bad that you couldn't come.	你不能来真是太糟糕了
I was impressed with her work.	她的作品给我留下了深刻印象
Everybody says I look like my father.	每个人都说我看起来像我爸爸
I'm a detective.	我是个侦探
The police are after him.	警察在跟著他
He is at his desk.	他在他的办公桌前
She paid me a visit yesterday.	她昨天来见我了
His room's a mess.	他的房间一片狼藉
The weather was not only cold, but also wet.	天气又冷又湿
He neglected his duties.	他怠忽职守了
Japan has caught up with America in some fields.	日本在某些领域赶上了美国
We watched them play baseball.	我们看著他们打棒球
I was born in the winter.	我在冬天出生
I shouldn't have logged off.	我不该退出的
I want to go swimming.	我想去游泳
He hates cleaning his room.	他讨厌打扫自己的房间
In spite of the heavy rain, he visited his friend in the hospital.	尽管雨下得很大
The road is very treacherous.	这条路挺险恶
I think I'm intelligent.	我觉得我很聪明
Of course.	当然是的
My father caught three fish yesterday.	昨天我爸爸抓到了
Did you buy a round-trip ticket?	你买了往返的票吗
I'll be back late.	我会晚一点回来
My father drives to work.	我父亲开车去上班
Bring me something to eat.	给我东西吃
We'll die sooner or later.	我们早晚要死
I also went.	我也去了
Could you please get me a taxi?	你可以帮我叫一辆计程车吗
She gave her father a tie.	她给了她父亲一条领带
I'm not sure Tom would help.	我不确定汤姆能不能帮忙
I'll be seeing Mary this afternoon.	我今天下午会看到玛丽
I think I've done enough.	我认为我做得够了
I'll see you in an hour.	我一小时内来见你
He has been sick since last night.	他从昨晚开始就生病了
"I like traveling." "So do I."	“	我喜欢旅游
Tom has never been willing to help us before.	汤姆以前从不这样愿意幚我们
In Switzerland, spring comes in May.	在瑞士
It's an hour's walk to the station.	步行到车站要一小时
She gave me a meaningful look.	她意味深长地看了我一眼
How long do you plan on staying here?	你打算在这儿待多久
Somebody's got to do something.	得有人做点什么
This theory is too difficult for me to comprehend.	这个理论对我来说太难了
This radio is no bigger than a matchbox.	这收音机不比火柴盒大
They bought a box of cookies.	他们买了一盒曲奇
Please give me a break.	饶了我吧
We want further information.	我们想要更多信息
I wish that I could stop hiccuping.	我希望我能停止打嗝
Do you have a gift shop here?	你们这里有礼品店吗
I get a kick out of her cheerful personality.	她开朗的个性使我觉得快乐
English is too difficult for me to understand.	英语对我来说太难理解了
He came to see you yesterday.	他昨天来看你
Now I remember.	现在我想起来了
For what purpose?	为了什么目的
I was very confused by his questions.	我对他的问题感到很困惑
She's a stubborn girl.	她是个倔强的女孩
I wanted to get drunk.	我想喝醉
She wrote a lot of poems.	她写了好多诗
Tom doesn't quite get it. Could you explain it to him again?	汤姆不大明白
He likes taking care of the garden.	他喜欢照顾花园
I really think we should do this.	我真的认为我们该做这事
I have difficulty in Japanese.	我学日语有困难
You're our only hope.	你是我们唯一的希望
Onions cook more quickly than potatoes.	洋葱比马铃薯快熟
Math is my favorite subject.	数学是我最喜欢的科目
What's the biggest difference?	最不一样的的是什么
Nobody knows how I feel.	没人体会我的感受
He's afraid of the dog.	他怕那只狗
Tom is resting at the moment.	汤姆现在在休息
You should keep your promise.	你应该信守诺言
We'll talk later.	我们过一会再谈
You're the best man for the job.	你是做这份工作最好的人选
Tom is smashed.	汤姆醉了
I'm healthy.	我身体很好
Excuse me, but I feel sick.	不好意思
I saw Tom having an argument with Mary.	我见汤姆跟玛丽争论
I talked with Tom.	我和汤姆说了话
Tennis is very popular among students.	网球在学生中非常流行
Answer the phone.	接电话
What are you talking about?	你在说什么呢
Tell me what to do with it.	告诉我拿它做什么
I will not allow you to use my pen.	我不允许你用我的钢笔
My daughter is in her late teens.	我的女儿快二十岁了
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.	凡人皆有得意时
He's strong.	他很强壮
I hate terrorist organizations.	我痛恨恐怖主义组织
Something is starting to happen.	有什么要开始了
I thought that Tom would enjoy the party.	我以为汤姆会喜欢这个聚会
Did you really think I was going to help you?	你真的以为我会帮你吗
He accomplished his mission.	他完成了他的使命
I want to extend my stay here for a few more days.	我想延长这里的住宿多几天
There's no film in this camera.	这个相机里没有胶片
You're not too late.	你还不太晚
Let me read the paper when you have finished with it.	报纸看完后借我看下
We measured the depth of the river.	我们测量了这条河的深度
Give me your phone number.	给我你的电话号码
I have a car.	我有一辆车
It was the only way to go.	那是唯一的出路
Should I go to college?	我该上大学吗
Take your hat off when you enter a house of worship.	当你进入礼拜堂时
Grandmother sent us a box of apples.	奶奶送了我们一箱苹果
It's self-evident.	这是不证自明的
I'm not in that much of a hurry.	我并没有很急
He kicked the ball into the goal.	他把球踢进了球门
Don't ask her any questions about her marriage.	不要问她任何有关婚姻的问题
I was trying to kill time.	我试着消磨时间
Do you have children?	你有孩子吗
He did not know what to say.	他不知道说什么好
She is absent because of sickness.	她不在是因为病了
I don't write letters anymore.	我不再写信了
That's not a cat. It's a dog.	那不是猫
Tom was victorious.	汤姆获得了胜利
She always looked happy, but never was.	她总是看起来很快乐
Does this bus go to the museum?	这辆公车去博物馆吗
The teacher told us a funny story.	老师跟我们说了一个有趣的故事
I've no idea.	我一无所知
Queen Elizabeth I passed away in 1603.	女王伊丽莎白一世于
I know my limitations.	我知道我的限度
It's too hot for us to work.	太热了所以我们无法工作
I didn't have to study yesterday.	我昨天不必读书
This is my daughter.	这是我女儿
No one lives in this building.	没有人住在这栋楼里
I can't put up with this smell.	我不能忍受这种气味
I like that place.	我喜欢那个地方
Do you know why?	您知道为什么吗
I can't speak English at all.	我一点英文都不会说
After Tom lost his job, he started to gamble to cope with his depression.	汤姆失业后
That's an imitation.	那是一个仿造品
Where was this picture taken?	这张照片在哪儿照的
All you have to do is sit here.	你要做的只是坐在这儿
I don't like to be alone.	我不喜欢独处
The amount of paper produced by a country is closely related to its cultural standards.	一个国家纸的产量和它的文明程度密切相关
As the train came to a halt, all of the passengers wondered what was happening.	当列车停止时
She is evidently sick.	她明显生病了
Please close the door quietly.	请安静地关门
I could never be like you.	我不能像你一样
Tom gritted his teeth.	汤姆咬紧牙关
Tom told Mary he had a lot of money.	汤姆告诉玛丽他有很多钱
I suppose you're hungry.	我猜想你饿了
This is my first time seeing a dentist.	这是我第一次看牙医
I am a student in a university.	我是个大学生
I'm not going to show any fear.	我不会表现出恐惧
She's dieting.	她在节食
I am amazed at your audacity.	我对你的厚颜无耻感到惊讶
Health is above wealth.	健康比财富重要
I believe in exercising regularly.	我相信规律的运动
Getting started was difficult.	开始很难
Why are you awake?	你为什么醒着
She is a teacher.	她是女教师
He spent the morning reading a book.	他花了一上午的时间看书
You can't count on their help.	你不能指望他们的帮助
Were you in Boston for a long time?	你在波士顿待了很久吗
I'll give you a call tomorrow.	明天我给你打电话
I so wanted to believe that.	我好想相信
I was feeling blue all day.	我一整天都觉得很消沉
I'd like to go skiing with her.	我想和她去滑雪
She's busy now and can't talk with you.	她现在忙
Are you afraid of dogs?	你怕狗吗
I just had dinner with some of Tom's friends.	我刚跟汤姆的一些朋友吃了晚饭
Tom will be back in the afternoon.	汤姆下午会回来
What is the title of your new book?	你新书的书名是什么
Can you guess what I have?	你能猜到我有什么吗
I'd like to show you something.	我有东西想给你看看
I hope you have a good trip.	祝你一路平安
I invited my neighbor to breakfast.	我请我的邻居来吃早饭
What do you think about this plan?	你觉得这个计划怎么样
It may be that he likes his job.	他可能喜欢他的工作
I'm moving next month.	我下个月要搬家了
Are you certain?	你确定
You're tired, aren't you?	你累了
How do we get out of here?	我们该怎么从这里出去
All our teachers were young and loved teaching.	我们所有的老师都很年轻并且喜爱教学
Are you for real?	你是认真的吗
The moon is beautiful, isn't it?	今晚月色真美
I have some pens.	我有几支圆珠笔
The sun always rises in the east.	太阳总是从东方升起
My grandfather is a carpenter.	我爷爷是个木匠
The old man lived there by himself.	这个老人独自住在那里
There is a small garden in front of my house.	我家前面有个小庭院
Do you have children already?	你已经有孩子了吗
Where does he want to go?	他想去哪里
He knows a lot of people.	他认识很多人
Suddenly, I heard shouting.	突然
I'm a member of the tennis club.	我是网球俱乐部的会员
I've met so many new people.	我遇到了许多以前没见过的人
Thank you for your patience.	谢谢你的耐心
I went shopping last Saturday.	上周六我去购物
What would you think if I did that?	如果我那么做你会怎么想
I'm making dinner.	我准备晚餐
